CATWOMAN: Hello, Spooky.
SPOOKY: I don't want to hurt you, Catwoman. Yet. After tomorrow, you can do anything you want, but please, just stay out of sight for the next 24 hours. I won't stand by and watch my leader get all emotional over an animal like you. I warn you, don't tempt Captain God when he is angry. Let is complete our mission in peace.
CATWOMAN: Whatever you say...Sis.
LANE: Good morning.
SELINA: Ah! You scared me! How did you know to come here! Have you been spying..
LANE: No, of course not. You're listed. Not the hut, exactly, but the rest of..
SELINA: Well. I'd let you come in, but the place is a mess...
SELINA: Next time, call...
LANE: I thought you'd like a ride to work. You don't own a cat, do you?
SELINA: Hey, Captain God!
LANE: What did--?
SELINA: You turned around!
LANE: Yes, you shouted the words Captain God" at me for no reason..."
SELINA: Oh, do you turn around every time somebody just shouts at you?
LANE: Actually, yes.
SELINA: Did you try to kill...
LANE: What?
SELINA: Nothing. How's your hand?
LANE: About the same. Thanks for asking...Damn blender. Okay, I can't stand it anymore, I'm dying to know--Did you try on some whiskers last night and hit a 7-11 along with all those other women? You had to have thought about it--a Catwoman for a night?
SELINA: Like you don't know...
LANE: I'm having a hard time picking up your signal this morning--What did you say?
SELINA: I said I saw you last night. What were you doing hiding in that alley, running off when the superhero alarm sounded...
LANE: I was doing my job. At the risk of sounding egotistical, I didn't become the best reporter in the world sitting by the phone. I was chasing tail all night--I was not spying, intentionally, on your hot and heavy date with Brock Leviathan
SELINA: Hey, I thought...
LANE: I'm afraid last night was the last straw of our city's tourists. The Mayor, in his finite wisdom, is throwing a Month of the Woman" luncheon ball for the public this afternoon to try and calm everyone down. I thought maybe you and I could..."
SELINA: Go together? Sure, why not? Another date with someone who could be an insane messenger of death for all I know. No offense. Hey, lean over, let me smell your breath..Say in a deep voice, A superhero's job is to protect...""
LANE: You're scaring me, Selina. Do it some more.
SELINA: I give up. I give up.--I can't figure you out. Not gonna try.
LANE: You can't figure me out. You're the strange one..
SELINA: You are...
LANE: Uh-huh..