MIKE WALLACE: Thank you for saying that...
LOWELL: Do you think we could talk about the taping? Tomorrow's taping, just so we can get it out of the way and order...
MIKE WALLACE: Yeah, well, questions will go toward what work you did there, why you were fired. And others will deal...
LIANE: ...taping? What are you taping?
WIGAND: I'm doing an interview.
LIANE: An interview! Do you know what they will do to us...! I thought... Sorry.
LOWELL: Liane, this is a preliminary... You didn't tell her we were taping? What did she think she was coming to New York for?
WIGAND: ...to talk about it. To think about it. I had a plan to ease her into it. But, I really -- I didn't know how to do that...
LOWELL: Oh, man.
MIKE WALLACE: Who are these people?
LOWELL: Ordinary people! Under extraordinary pressure, Mike. What the hell do you expect? Grace and consistency?
MIKE WALLACE: You heard Mr. Sandefur say before Congress that he believed nicotine was not addictive...?
WIGAND: ...I believe Mr. Sandefur perjured himself because I watched those testimonies very carefully.
MIKE WALLACE: All of us did. There was this whole line of people... whole line of CEOs up there all swearing.
WIGAND: Part of the reason I'm here is I felt that their representation clearly misstated, at least within Brown & Williamson's representation, clearly misstated... what is common language within the company... we are in the nicotine delivery business.
MIKE WALLACE: And that's what cigarettes are for...?
WIGAND: A delivery device for nicotine.
MIKE WALLACE: A delivery device for nicotine. Put it in your mouth, light it up, and you're gonna get your fix...
WIGAND: You're gonna get your fix...
MIKE WALLACE: You're saying that Brown & Williamson manipulates and adjusts the nicotine fix, not by artificially adding nicotine, but by enhancing the effect of nicotine through the use of chemical elements such as ammonia...
WIGAND: The process is known as impact boosting..." While not spiking nicotine
WIGAND: The straw that broke the camel's back for me and really put me in trouble with Sandefur was a compound called coumarin." When I came on board at B&W
MIKE WALLACE: And you sent the document forward to Sandefur?
WIGAND: I sent the document forward to Sandefur. I was told that we would continue to work on a substitute, we weren't going to remove it as it would impact sales, and that that was his decision.
MIKE WALLACE: In other words, you were charging Sandefur and Brown & Williamson with ignoring health considerations consciously...
WIGAND: Most certainly.
MIKE WALLACE: And on March 24, Thomas Sandefur, CEO of Brown & Williamson had you fired. And the reason he gave you?
WIGAND: Poor communication skills.
MIKE WALLACE: And, do you wish you hadn't come forward? You wish you hadn't blown the whistle?
WIGAND: Yeah, there are times I wish I hadn't done it. There are times I feel compelled to do it. If you asked me would I do it again? Do I think it's worth it? Yeah, I think it's worth it.