SAM: Surprise!" you were doing a story on me?!"
JOSIE: No, surprise, I thought you'd be--
SAM: What? Happy? Why? Because it turns out all along that I was allowed to be attracted to you?
JOSIE: You were attracted to me?
SAM: Goddamnit, Josie! Drop the act. Do you have any idea what I went through every night because of you?! I was attracted to a 17 year old! When I wasn't taking cold showers, I was trying to figure out what the hell I was going to do when I couldn't teach anymore! I thought I was the one being unethical.
JOSIE: Wait, I was going to tell you--
SAM: You set me up. For a story. You know what's crazy? I was actually considering waiting for you.
JOSIE: But now you don't have to--
SAM: Now I don't want to! I bought all of your penguin crap. I thought I found her--the right one! And the problem was she was too young! No - the problem was--she didn't even exist!
JOSIE: I did exist. I do exist. I'm the same person!
SAM: The person I cared about wouldn't have done this. Everything out of your mouth has been a complete lie. I don't know you at all. For all I know you could hate Dorothy Parker.
JOSIE: I don't! Look, you could get to know me, again.
JOSIE: Please. Please don't walk away.
SAM: I just can't look at you the same way.
ROB: Josie, finally. I just wanted to come over and make sure you're okay.
JOSIE: Really?
ROB: No- not really, Josie. NOT REALLY. How could you do that to me? I helped you. I got you everything you wanted. And how do you repay me- you blow everything TWO DAYS before pro scouts come to see me play. Once they had seen me really play- they wouldn't have given a shit about my age.
JOSIE: wasn't even thinking about-
ROB: No, you weren't. Don't you realize the only time I was really happy in the last five years was when I was playing ball with those guys?
JOSIE: I-
ROB: No, shut up, Josie. Just shut up.
GUS: Your story was Rigfort's baby. We were scooped! We've got nothing. Zippo. You totally and completely screwed both of us.
JOSIE: Maybe I could talk to Rigfort, you know, tell him the whole story.
GUS: I'll tell you a story. It's about this shy copy editor who makes a mockery of herself and her boss when she completely botches her first assignment as a reporter.