ALEX: Yes, sir, and a very lovely place it is too, sir, when I wake up in the middle of the night with my pain.
MINISTER: Yes... well good to see you on the mend. I've kept in constant touch with the hospital, of course, and now I've come to see you personally to see how you're getting along.
ALEX: I've suffered the tortures of the damned. The tortures of the damned, sir.
MINISTER: Yes I can... Oh look, let me do that for you, shall I?
ALEX: Thank you, sir.
MINISTER: I can tell you that I... and the Government of which I am a member are deeply sorry about this, my boy. Deeply sorry. We tried to help you. We followed recommendations had been made to us that turned out to be wrong. An enquiry will place the responsibility where it belongs. We want you to regard us as friends. We've put you right, you're the best of treatments. We never wished you harm, but there are some that did and do, and I think you know who those are. There are certain people who wanted to use you for political ends. People who would have been glad to have you dead because then they would have been able to blame it all on the Government. I think you know who those are. There is also a certain man - a writer of subversive literature - who has been howling for your blood. He's been mad with desire to stick a knife into you, but you're safe from him now, we've put him away. He found out that you had done wrong to him - at least he believed you had done wrong. He had formed this idea in his head that you h
ALEX: Where is he now, sir?
MINISTER: We put him away where he can do you no harm. You see we are looking after your interests. We are interested in you, and when you leave here you will have no further worries. We shall see to everything... a good job on a good salary.
ALEX: What job and how much?
MINISTER: You must have an interesting job at a salary which you would regard as adequate. Not only for the job which you are going to do and in compensation for what you believe you have suffered, but also because you are helping us.
ALEX: Helping you, sir?
MINISTER: We always help our friends, don't we? It is no secret that the Government has lost a lot of popularity because of you, my boy. There are some that think that at the next election we shall be out. The press has chosen to take a very unfavourable view of what we tried to do.
ALEX: Well, who can blame them, sir?
MINISTER: Mmmm, possibly. Yes. But public opinion has a way of changing and you, Alex, if I may call you, Alex?
ALEX: Certainly, sir. What do they call you at home?
MINISTER: My name is Frederick. As I was saying, Alex, you can be instrumental in changing the public verdict. Do you understand, Alex? Have I made myself clear?
ALEX: As an unmuddied lake, Fred. As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, Fred.
MINISTER: Good... good boy. Oh yes, I understand you're fond of music. I have arranged a little surprise for you.
ALEX: Surprise?
MINISTER: One I think you will like... as a, how shall I put it, as a symbol of our new understanding. An understanding between two friends.
ALEX: Thank you, Fred. Thank you. Minister turns and signals. Door opens and a crowd of cameramen and reporters rush in. Aides push two 6-foot loudspeakers and a Hi-Fi on a trolley.