WURLITZER: How's everything coming, Mr. Gayle?
WAYNE: Everything's coming along just fine. Phil, I wanted to know if I could have a small word with you.
WURLITZER: By all means.
WAYNE: You met the kids I have working for me? Great bunch, aren't they?
WURLITZER: Oh yes, indeed. Top flight.
WAYNE: Scott, genius cameraman, Roger, magician with sound. Unruly Julie, I could sooner do without my arm than Unruly Julie.
WURLITZER: Is that her real name?
WAYNE: Just a little nickname. Yep, they're my kids and they're all I need. After working together these past coupla years, we're like well-oiled machinery. No, more like a Formula race car. No, scratch that one, too. What we're really like is a Swiss watch. Small, intricate, compact...it shouldn't work as well as it does, but it does. Because of the craftsmanship, the expertise, and the artist's loving hand.
WURLITZER: I see.
WAYNE: Now, Phil, I don't know if you've ever been on a set before---
WURLITZER: Ya know, I was.
WAYNE: Really?
WURLITZER: I was on the 'Dukes of Hazzard' set about eight years ago.
WAYNE: Well...small world. Well, then, you know firsthand how Hollywood does things. Lights all over the place, generators, a hundred and fifty crew members---
WURLITZER: Oh, that 'Dukes of Hazzard' show, there was probably ninety-five people there, maybe more.
WAYNE: See what I mean? It's a funny business, isn't it?
WURLITZER: It sure is.
WAYNE: They got a asshole over here. A asshole sitting down reading a magazine over there. A asshole perched up there. Assholes everywhere. Hey, maybe if we were doin' that kiss, kiss, bang, bang stuff we'd need all those assholes, too. What we're about is intimacy. We're about two people having a conversation. Say I was interviewing you. All I want you to worry about is what I ask you. I want a trust to develop. If you're thinking about all this... ...you're not going to relax, a trust won't develop, we'll be talking a each other instead of to each other, there will be no chance for intimacy.