PITTS: Damn it, Nuwanda. You idiot.
CHARLIE: I couldn't stop myself.
NEIL: Gosh, they don't give you much room around here, do they?
KEATING: Maybe they don't want worldly things distracting me from my teaching.
NEIL: Why do you do it? I mean, with all this seize-the-day business, I'd have thought you'd be out seeing the world or something?
KEATING: Ah, but I am seeing the world, Neil. The new world. Seeing a student like you take root and bloom. It's worth everything. That's why I came back here. A place like this needs at least one teacher like me. Did you come here to talk about my teaching?
NEIL: Mr. Keating, my father is making me quit the play at Henley Hall. When I think about carpe diem and all that, I feel like I'm in prison! I mean, I can see his point. We're not a rich family like Charlie's. But he's planned the rest of my life for me and he's never even asked me what I want!
KEATING: You can't live a life for someone else, Neil. You can only live for yourself. Have you told your father what you just told me? Have you shown him your passion about acting?
NEIL: Are you kidding? He'd kill me!
KEATING: Then you're playing a part for him too, aren't you? A dangerously self- destructive one.
KEATING: Neil, I know this seems impossible but you have to go to your father and show him what you're feeling. You have to let him see who you are- It's your only chance.
NEIL: I know what he'll say. He'll say that acting is just a whim and that it's frivolous and that I should forget about it. He'll tell me how they're counting on me and to put it out of my mind for my own good.""
KEATING: Well, if it's more than a whim, then you'll have to prove that to him. You'll have to show him with your passion and commitment that it's what you really want to do. If that doesn't work, at least by then you'll be eighteen and able to do what you want.
NEIL: Eighteen! That's two years! What about the play? The performance is tomorrow night!
KEATING: Give your father the benefit of the doubt. Talk to him. Let him see who you are.
NEIL: Isn't there an easier way?
KEATING: Not if you're going to stay true to yourself.