MICHAEL: Sit down, Tom. Have you heard about our friend and partner, Mr. Hyman Roth?
HAGEN: I know he's in Israel.
NERI: The High Court of Israel turned down his request to live as a 'returned Jew.' His passport's been invalidated except for return to the U.S. He landed in Buenos Aires yesterday, offered a gift of one million dollars if they would give him citizenship. They turned him down.
HAGEN: He's going to try Panama...
MICHAEL: They won't take him; not for a million, not for ten million.
HAGEN: His medical condition is reported as... &quot;terminal.&quot;
MICHAEL: He's been dying of the same heart attack for twenty years.
HAGEN: That plane goes to Miami...
MICHAEL: I want it met.
HAGEN: Mike, it's impossible. He'll be met by the Internal Revenue; the Customs Service, and half the FBI.
MICHAEL: I don't like it when you use the word impossible; nothing is impossible...
HAGEN: Mike, it would be like trying to kill the President; there's no way we can get to him.
MICHAEL: I'm surprised at you, Tom. If there's anything certain; certain in life; if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill... ANYBODY. But perhaps your relucatance is because you've come to tell me that you're moving your family to Vegas, that you've been offered the Vice-Presidency of the Houstan Hotels there. Or weren't you going to tell me at all?
HAGEN: Are you so hungry for traitors; do you want to find them everywhere?
MICHAEL: They are everywhere!
HAGEN: I turned Houstan down; I didn't see why I should tell you about an offer I turned down. Are you sure, Mikey? Are you sure of what we're doing; what we'll gain; what does the family gain? Forget that, Mike; I already know the answer.
MICHAEL: I know you do, Tom. Then I can count on you to help me do the things I have to do. If not, call Houstan, and become a Vice-President. Take your family and your mistress and move them to Las Vegas.
HAGEN: Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you.
MICHAEL: Good. Then you're staying.
HAGEN: I'm staying. Don't ever enjoy the cruel part of all this; Sonny never listened to me about that. Now, explain everything to me.