KING PIN: Grifter huh? Where have you been on the grift? Couldn't been here long 'cause I would have heard of you, Skippy.
JAKE: Jake. You can call me Jake. Here and there.
KING PIN: Here and there, Scooter? Here and there like Boston, Chicago, Houston? The bay area? Some action in London, 'til it turned nickel and dime. Or how about that little stint down in Miami? Heard you actually got into some trouble with the Feds down there. You guy's pretty good?
JAKE: I have a good crew.
KING PIN: Minus one.
JAKE: Minus one.
KING PIN: You know, back in the day, grafting was considered a gentleman's racket. Good suits, good food... The Underworld of the Underworld. A grifter had to survive on his wits, his instincts... I like that. I like the idea of that. These days, things being what they are, guys like me gotta stay low. It's all take, take, take. You can't just be fucking witty about it.
JAKE: I guess it lacks a certain style.
KING PIN: Of course, your line of work's only as good as the people you find.
JAKE: You can't cheat an honest man.
KING PIN: You can't cheat an honest man. But a man like Lionel Dolby...
JAKE: I apologize for the inconvenience.
KING PIN: Honest mistake. Just give me the money back and all will be forgiven.
JAKE: I can't do that.
KING PIN: Why not?
JAKE: Let me rephrase -- I won't do that.
KING PIN: Let me repeat -- Why not?
JAKE: Because you killed one of my crew.
KING PIN: Buddy, that was business. Besides, you have more crew. Then there's you...
JAKE: I'll get the money back, plus interest. I go on the grift for you. You get a cat, I get a cut. And we get square.
KING PIN: Fucking grifters! I love it! You got balls, I'll give you that much.
JAKE: No. Just confidence.
KING PIN: I' ll be honest with you, Kid. A grifter comes in here with a fifteen hundred dollar D-K-fucking-N-Y suit, cooler than an Eskimo in winter and tells me he wants to grift for me? First thing I have to ask myself is, is he playing for me or is he just plain playing me? You tried it once.
JAKE: We got caught. So you know it won't happen again.