PAUL: Hey, it's you.
RASHID: I wanted to give you this as a token of my appreciation.
PAUL: Appreciation for what?
RASHID: I don't know. For helping me out.
PAUL: Where did you get that thing?
RASHID: I bought it. Twenty-nine ninety-five on sale at Goldbaum's TV and Radio. Well, that just about takes care of it, I guess. You'll be able to watch the ball games. You know, as a little break from your work.
PAUL: Where the hell do you think you're going?
RASHID: Business appointment. I'm seeing my broker at three o'clock.
PAUL: Cut it out, will you? Just cut it out and come back here.
RASHID: I don't have much time.
PAUL: Close the door. Sit down in that chair. Now listen carefully. Your Aunt Em came here a couple of days ago. She was sick with worry, out of her mind. We had an interesting talk about you, Thomas. Do you understand what I'm saying? Your aunt thinks you're in trouble and so do I. Tell me about it, kid. I want to hear all about it right now.
RASHID: You don't really want to know.
PAUL: I don't, huh? And what makes you such an authority on what I want or don't want?
RASHID: Okay, okay. It's all so stupid. There's this guy, see. Charles Clemm. The Creeper, that's what people call him. The kind of guy you don't want to cross paths with.
PAUL: And?
RASHID: I crossed paths with him. That's why I'm trying to stay clear of my neighborhood. To make sure I don't run into him again.
PAUL: So that's the something you weren't supposed to see, huh?
RASHID: I just happened to be walking by... All of a sudden, the Creeper and this other guy come running out of this check-cashing place with masks on their faces and guns in their hands... They just about ran smack into me. The Creeper recognized me, and I knew he knew I recognized him... If the guy from the check-cashing place hadn't rushed out then screaming bloody murder, he would have shot me. I'm telling you, the Creeper would have shot me right there on the sidewalk. But the noise distracted him, and when he turned around to see what was happening, I took off... One more second, and I would have been dead.
PAUL: Why don't you go to the police?
RASHID: You're joking, right? I mean, that's your way of trying to be funny, right?
PAUL: If they put this Creeper in jail, then you'd be safe.
RASHID: The man has friends. And they're not likely to forgive me if I testify against him.
PAUL: What makes you think you'll be any safer around here? It's only about a mile away from where you live.
RASHID: It might not be far, but it's another galaxy. Black is black and white is white, and never the twain shall meet.
PAUL: It looks like they've met in this apartment.
RASHID: That's because we don't belong anywhere. You don't fit into your world, and I don't fit into mine. We're the outcasts of the universe.
PAUL: Maybe. Or maybe it's the other people who don't belong.
RASHID: Let's not get too idealistic.
PAUL: Fair enough. We wouldn't want to get carried away, would we? Now call your aunt Em and let her know you're alive.
RUBY: Get in, Auggie. I've got something to show you.
AUGGIE: You don't give up, do you?
RUBY: Just get in and shut up. I'm not asking you to do anything. I just need you to come with me.
AUGGIE: Where to?
RUBY: Dammit, Auggie, don't ask so many questions. Just get in the car.
RUBY: I told her she was going to meet her father.
AUGGIE: You what?
RUBY: It was the only way, Auggie. Otherwise, she wasn't going to let me see her.
AUGGIE: I think you'd better stop the car and let me out.
RUBY: Relax, okay? You don't have to do anything. Just go in there and pretend. It won't kill you to do a little favor like that. Besides, you might even learn something.
AUGGIE: Yeah, like what?
RUBY: That I wasn't bullshitting you, sweetheart. At least you'll know I've been telling the truth.
AUGGIE: Look, I'm not saying you don't have a daughter. It's just that she's not my daughter.
RUBY: Wait till you see her, Auggie.
AUGGIE: And what's that supposed to mean?
RUBY: She looks just like you.
AUGGIE: Cut it out. Just cut it out, okay? It's starting to get on my nerves.
RUBY: When I told her I was going to bring her father, she kind of melted. It's the first time Felicity's talked nice to me since she left home. She's dying to meet you, Auggie.