DOCTOR: Are you afraid of his reaction? Of his finding you silly for thinking of such things?
ANN: No. I don't know. I haven't told him about the garbage thing because I'm pissed off at him right now. He's letting some old college buddy stay at our house for a couple of days, and he didn't even ask me about it. I mean, I would've said yes, I just wish he would've asked.
DOCTOR: What upsets you about that?
ANN: I guess I'm upset because I can't really justify being upset, I mean, it's his house, really, he pays the mortgage.
DOCTOR: But he asked you to quit your job, and you do have housework.
ANN: Yeah, I know.
DOCTOR: This unexpected visit notwithstanding, how are things with John?
ANN: Fine, I guess. Except right now I'm going through this where I don't want him to touch me.
DOCTOR: When did you begin having this feeling?
ANN: About a week ago. I don't know what brought it on, I just started feeling like I didn't want him to touch me.
DOCTOR: Prior to this feeling, were you comfortable having physical contact with him?
ANN: Oh, yeah. But see, I've never really been into sex that much, I mean, I like it and everything, it just does't freak me out, I wouldn't miss it, you know? But anyway, lately we haven't been doing anything at all. Like I said, it's not that I miss it, but I'm curious the way things kind of slacked off all of a sudden.
DOCTOR: Perhaps he senses your hesitance at being touched.
ANN: But see, he stopped before I got that feeling, that's why it seems weird to me. I mean, I'm sure he wishes I would initiate things once in awhile, and I would except it never occurs to me, I'm always thinking about something else and then the few times that I have felt like starting something I was by myself.
DOCTOR: Did you do anything?
ANN: What do you mean?
DOCTOR: Did you masturbate?
ANN: God, no.
DOCTOR: I take it you've never masturbated?
ANN: Well, I kind of tried once. It just seemed stupid, I kept seeing myself lying there and it seemed stupid, and kind of, uh, I don't know, and then I was wondering if my dead grandfather could see me doing this, and it just seemed like a dumb thing to be doing when we don't know what to do with all that garbage, you know?
DOCTOR: So it was recently that you tried this.
ANN: Well, kind of recently, I guess. But not too recently.