ANN: You're what?
GRAHAM: Impotent.
ANN: You are?
GRAHAM: Well, let me put it this way: I cannot achieve an erection while in the presence of another person. So, for all practical purposes, I am impotent.
ANN: Does it bother you?
GRAHAM: Not usually. I mean, honestly, I haven't known many guys that could think straight with an erection, so I feel I'm way ahead of the game as far as being clear-headed goes.
ANN: Well... are you self-conscious about it?
GRAHAM: I am self-conscious, but not in the same way that you are. You have got to be the most attractive self- conscious person I've ever seen.
ANN: Why do you say I'm self-conscious?
GRAHAM: Well, I've been watching you. I've watched you eat, I've watched you speak, I've watched the way you move, and I see somebody who is extremely conscious of being looked at. I think you really believe that people are looking at you all the time. And you know what?
ANN: What?
GRAHAM: They are looking at you. Ann, you are truly breathtaking. I don't know if you understand how your appearance can affect people. Men want to possess you, women wish they looked like you. And those that don't or can't resent you. And the fact that you're a nice person just makes it worse.
ANN: My therapist said that --
GRAHAM: You're in therapy?
ANN: Aren't you?
GRAHAM: Hah! No, I'm not. Actually, I used to be, but the therapist I had was really ineffectual in helping me deal with my problems. Of course, I lied to him constantly, so I guess I can't hold him totally responsible...
ANN: So you don't believe in therapy?
GRAHAM: I believe in it for some people. I mean, for me it was silly, I was confused going in. So I just formed my own personal theory that you should never take advice from someone of the opposite sex that doesn't know you intimately.
ANN: Well, my therapist knows me intimately.
GRAHAM: You had sex with you therapist?
ANN: Of course not.
GRAHAM: Oh, see, I meant someone you've had sex with. That's part of the theory.
ANN: Excuse me for asking, but how would you know?
GRAHAM: Well, I wasn't always impotent.
ANN: Now, you said never take advice from someone that you don't know intimately, right?
GRAHAM: Basically, yes.
ANN: So since I've never had sex with you, by your own advice I shouldn't accept your advice.
GRAHAM: That's correct. Bit of a dilemma, isn't it?
ANN: Well, I don't know. The week started off okay, but then I was outside watering the plants, and I started feeling dizzy from the heat and that got me thinking about the Greenhouse Effect, so I went inside and turned on the air-conditioner full blast, and that made me feel a little better until I started thinking about radon leakage coming up through the floor, and --
DOCTOR: Radon leakage?
ANN: Yes, it's this radioactive gas in the ground, and houses kind of act like magnets to pull it up, and -- you've never heard of this?
DOCTOR: No, I haven't.
ANN: Well, the cumulative effect is not good, let me tell you. I knew I shouldn't have watered those plants.
DOCTOR: Did you confront John about the visitor?
ANN: What visitor?
DOCTOR: The friend of John's that was staying at your house.
ANN: Oh, Graham. No, I didn't talk to him about that. Actually, that turned out to be pretty interesting. I expected Graham to be this... well, like John, you know? I mean, he said they had gone to school together, so I was expecting lots of stories about getting drunk and secret handshakes and stuff. But he turned out to be this... this kind of character, I mean, he's kind of arty but okay, you know?
DOCTOR: Is he still at your house?
ANN: No, he left last week.
DOCTOR: Did you find him attractive?
ANN: What do you mean, like physically?
DOCTOR: Let me rephrase. Were you attracted to him?
ANN: I guess, but not because of the way he looked or anything. He's just so different, somebody new to have a conversation with. I'm just tired of talking to other couples about whether or not they're going to buy the station wagon, you know? It's just boring. I don't know, he was just different. And he's really on about truth a lot, being honest, and I like that, I felt comfortable around him. After he left I had a dream that he signed a lease to rent our guest room.