EVE: I'm leaving, too.
ADAM: But, Eve, I would--
EVE: And tomorrow maybe Troy will help you out--because I quit! This is ridiculous! You're ridiculous! I'm ridiculous!
EVE: He go back to the hotel?
TROY: Uh..he might of.
EVE: What's that mean?
TROY: We did not leave together.
EVE: Who did he leave with?
TROY: What's it to you?!
EVE: I'm his pimp. He left with the dancers, didn't he?
TROY: Hey, you're the psychic. Eve, the psychic pimp. You tell me.
EVE: Those sluts!
TROY: Yeah. But who's not a slut these days?
EVE: Where are you going?
TROY: To bed.
EVE: To bed?
TROY: Yeah. I'm not the one who's in love with the guy.
EVE: What?! Now hold on! Wait one damn minute!
EVE: In the first place, I don't fall in love with weirdos I've only known for four or five days.
TROY: Yes, you do.
EVE: And I don't fall in love with grown men who collect baseball cards!!
TROY: Uh, yes, you do.
EVE: Or pee in their pants when they see the ocean!
TROY: Yes, you do!
EVE: Or have perfect table manners.
TROY: You know, I asked him about that. And he said that good manners are a way we have of showing other people that we respect them. See, you'd eat like a slob if you were alone, but since another human being is present, you show that person respect by going to the trouble of having proper manners. I didn't know that. I thought it was a way of appearing superior. Know what else he told me?
EVE: What?
TROY: He thinks that I am a gentleman and that you are a lady!
EVE: Well, consider the source. I don't even know what a lady is.
TROY: Exactly! I thought a gentleman was somebody who owned horses. Turns out, the short and very simple definition of a gentleman or a lady is: someone who always attempts to make the people around him or her feel as comfortable as possible. That's it! If you don't do that, nothing else matters. The cars, the clothes, the houses...
EVE: Where did he get all that information?
TROY: From the oddest place. His parent's told him. I don't think I got that memo.
EVE: So now I suppose he's trying to make those two dancers feel as comfortable as possible.
TROY: He didn't leave with them.
EVE: Well...I admit it. I'm glad to hear that.
TROY: He left with Sophie.
EVE: What?!!
TROY: It's true. She swept him out the door whispering little French things into his ear.
EVE: Oh, no! Not Sophie! No way! Please don't tell me that!!
TROY: What are you going to do? Go over to her place and kick in the door?
EVE: You're goddamn right I am!
TROY: I don't think so.
EVE: Coward!