HELMS: Diem? Trujillo? Lumumba? Guatemala? Cuba? ... It's a shame you didn't take similar precautions, Dick.
NIXON: I'm interested in the documents that put your people together with ... the others. All of them ...
HELMS: President Kennedy threatened to smash the CIA into a thousand pieces. You could do the same ...
NIXON: I'm not Jack Kennedy. Your agency is secure.
HELMS: Not if I give you all the cards ...
NIXON: I promised the American people peace with honor in Southeast Asia. That could take time -- two, maybe three years ... In the meantime, your agency will continue at current levels of funding.
HELMS: Current levels may not be sufficient.
NIXON: The President would support a reasonable request for an increase.
HELMS: And me? ...
NIXON: Firing you, Mr. Helms, wouldn't do any good. Of course you'll continue as DCI. You're doing a magnificent job.
HELMS: And of course I accept. I'm flattered. And I want you to know, I work for only one president at a time.
NIXON: Yes. And you will give General Cushman full access.
HELMS: It will take a little time, but I'll order a search for your papers. Though it does raise a disturbing issue.
NIXON: What?
HELMS: Mr. Castro.
NIXON: Yes.
HELMS: We have recent intelligence that a Soviet nuclear submarine has docked at Cienfuegos.
NIXON: Well, we'll lodge a formal protest.
HELMS: I don't think we can treat this as a formality. Mr. Kennedy made a verbal promise to the Russians not to invade Cuba. But you authorized Dr. Kissinger to put this in writing.
NIXON: Are you tapping Kissinger?
HELMS: My job, unpleasant sometimes, is to know what others don't want me to know.
NIXON: Not if you have spies in the White House, it isn't your job.
HELMS: It is not my practice to spy on the president. Doctor Kissinger manages to convey his innermost secrets to the world at large on his own.
NIXON: Mr. Helms, we've lived with Communism in Cuba for ten years ...
HELMS: ... But it has never been the policy of this government to accept that. And it is certainly not CIA policy.
NIXON: CIA policy? The CIA has no policy, Mr. Helms. Except what I dictate to you ... I try to adjust to the world as it is today, not as you or I wanted it to be ten years ago.
HELMS: Is that why you and Kissinger are negotiating with the Chinese?
HELMS: This is an extremely dangerous direction, Mr. President. Terrible consequences can result from such enormous errors in judgement.
NIXON: But ... if we were able to separate China from Russia once and for all, we can -- we could create a balance of power that would secure the peace into the next century.
HELMS: By offering Cuba to the Russians as a consolation prize?
NIXON: Cuba would be a small price to pay.
HELMS: So President Kennedy thought.
NIXON: I never thought Jack was ready for the presidency. But I would never, never consider ... His death was awful, an awful thing for this country. Do you ever think of death, Mr. Helms?
HELMS: Flowers are continual reminders of our mortality. Do you appreciate flowers?
NIXON: No. They make me sick. They smell like death ... I had two brothers die young. But let me tell you, there are worse things than death. There is such a thing as evil.
HELMS: You must be familiar with my favorite poem by Yeats? The Second Coming"?"
NIXON: No.
HELMS: Black Irishman. Very moving. Turning and turning in the widening gyre / The falcon cannot hear the falconer / Things fall apart