JIM KURRING: got some coffee brewing, huh?
CLAUDIA: Yeah...it's not...it's been on for a bit --
JIM KURRING: I like iced coffee, generally, but a day like this, rain and what not, I enjoy a warm cup --
CLAUDIA: -- do you wanna cup?
JIM KURRING: That's great, thank you.
CLAUDIA: I don't know how fresh it's gonna be --
JIM KURRING: Oh, it'll be fine, I'm sure, Claudia.
CLAUDIA: You take cream or sugar?
JIM KURRING: That'd be fine. So, Claudia, lemme just say, so I can get my role of LAPD officer out of the way before we enjoy our coffee I'm not gonna write you up or anything, I'm not gonna give you a citation here -- but the real problem we have is that there are people around here, people that work from their homes, people tryin' to get some work done, and if you're listenin' to your music that loud: They're incovenienced by that. If you had a job you'd probably understand, but I see you like listenin' to your music and that's fine, you're just gonna wanna keep it down at a certain volume, maybe memorize what number you see on the dial and just always put it to that -- If it's the middle of the day -- that's what I do -- just put it on two and a half and that's a good listening level, alright? I see you like listenin' to your music loud, but, hey, forget about the neighbors, you end up damaging your own ears ok?
CLAUDIA: Yeah.
JIM KURRING: Arlight, then. Cheers.
JIM KURRING: Is this boyfriend bothering you?
CLAUDIA: I don't have a boyfriend.
JIM KURRING: The gentleman who came to the door --
CLAUDIA: -- is not my boyfriend.
JIM KURRING: Many times, in damestic abuse situations the young lady is afraid to speak, but I have to tell you that, being a police officer, I've seen it happen: Young woman afraid to speak, next thing you know, I'm gettin' a call on the radio, I got a 422 --
CLAUDIA: It's not -- what's a 422?
JIM KURRING: It's where situations like these lead, Claudia, unless you do something about it early, if and when the police call and come for help. Now there are certain measures you can take --
CLAUDIA: It's not my boyfriend -- and it's not anything -- it's over. Really. It's not. He won't came back.
JIM KURRING: I don't wanna have to come back here in an hour and find that there's been another disturbance.
CLAUDIA: You won't. You won't have to.
JIM KURRING: But I wouldn't mind comin' back in an hour just to see your pretty face!
CLAUDIA: I'm gonna run to the bathroom real quick.
JIM KURRING: Okey-doke.
JIMMY: I can't fuckin' do this.
MARY: Are you alright?
JIMMY: Fuck. I think I'm gonna throw up, I think. I haven't thrown up since I was twenty years old.