TRIP: Namely?
HAWK: Our band Mystery" is a quartet and we can't go on the road without our drummer. Jam's mom said something about sending him to St. Bernard's
LEX: But... but, St. Bernard's is way the hell over in the next county!
HAWK: So? Your mom's car has a CB, radar detector and cruise control, check?
LEX: We are not stealing my mom's car.
HAWK: Damn straight we are.
LEX: Hawk, all I need is one ding on the Volvo and presto! There are my balls hanging from the rearview mirror after she gets back from Cincinnati.
HAWK: And when is she due back from that groinecologist's convention anyway?
LEX: Sunday, but...
HAWK: Then lighten up. She'll never know we touched it. Alright, here's the plan. We bus it to chez Lex, grab the Volvo, bail Jam the hell outta St. Bernard's and arrive at the train station precisely on time for the 2:45 to Detroit.
TRIP: Simplicity, Hawk.
LEX: Simple-icity is more like it. And you guys thought Jam was in trouble before. Wait till Mrs. Bruce finds out he went to that concert with us.
HAWK: There's only so much trouble an individual can get into till it just doesn't matter anymore, Lex. You familiar with a condition known as Absolute Zero?
LEX: The hypothetical temperature characterized by the absence of heat and even the slightest amount of molecular activity? Yeah, I'm vaguely familiar
HAWK: Well, Jam is in absolute trouble. He couldn't get any deeper into shit if he was a fly sitting in a horse's ass. You know as well as me he'd give his right arm just to see Peter Criss's drum solo, never mind a whole KISS concert, check?
HAWK: Well, the least we, his only buds in the world, can do is take him along with us tonight and give him one last curl before he starts serving his sentence.
TRIP: Just for the record, I understood the last part of what you said, but for a while there you guys were making no fucking sense whatsoever.
HAWK: I was just explaining to Lex here what you and I already know. Just had to make it a little more complicated so he'd understand.
LEX: Very funny, Hawk. Okay, I'm in on this hare-brained scheme, but if anything happens to my mom's car, I'm blaming you. I'll say you drugged me or something.
HAWK: Curly.
HAWK: Ok, dudes, follow my lead.
LEX: Wait a minute. We ditching the rest of school?
TRIP: About fuckin' time if you ask me. I'm just going through the motions till I drop out anyway.
LEX: Hello summer detention.