BUNNY: The Longhorns gonna kick some serious butt this Saturday, you just watch. We got a kid at tailback from down your way--outta El Indio--
SAM: That's in Maverick County.
BUNNY: Oh. Right. And you're in--?
SAM: Rio. BUNNY Right. This kid, Hosea Brown? Does tire 40 in 3.4, soft hands, lateral movement--the whole package. Only a sophomore--
SAM: You still going to all the home games?
BUNNY: Well, Daddy's got his box at the stadium, of course, and I'll fly to the Cowboy away games when they're in the Conference. Then there's the high school on Friday' nights. West Side got a boy 6'6
SAM: Bunny, you--uhm--you on that same medication?
BUNNY: Do I seem jumpy?
SAM: No, you look good. I was just wondering.
BUNNY: Last year was awful rough--Mama passing on and the whole business with O.J.--I mean it's not like it was Don Meredith or Roger Staubach or one of our own boys, but it really knocked me for a loop--
SAM: You look good--
BUNNY: --and that squeaker the Aggies dropped to Oklahoma-sonofabitch stepped in some lucky shit before he kicked that goal--
SAM: Yeah, well--
BUNNY: --they hadn't pulled me off that woman I would have jerked a knot in her.
SAM: You were in a fight--
BUNNY: Daddy calls it an altercation." How you doing
SAM: Same weight I always was.
BUNNY: You look awful good in that uniform, though.
SAM: Best part of the job.
BUNNY: Daddy hired a pinhead to take your job. He says so himself. Says Even my son-in-law was better than this pinhead I got now"."
SAM: Bunny, is that stuff I left in the garage still there?
BUNNY: Least he never called me that. With me, it was always high-strung." "My Bunny might have done something with her life
SAM: No. You?
BUNNY: Yeah. Sort of. Daddy rounds 'em up. You aren't talking about money, their beady little eyes go dead.
SAM: You didn't--uhm--you didn't have one of your fires, did you? The stuff I left in the garage--some of it was my father's--
BUNNY: You watch the draft this year? 'Course you didn't, idiot question. They try to make it dramatic, like there's some big surprise who picks who in the first round? Only they been working it over with their experts and their computers for months. Doctor's reports, highlight reels, coaches' evaluations, psychological profiles--hell, I wouldn't be surprised if they collected stool samples on these boys, have 'em analyzed. All this stuff to pick a football player for your squad. Compared to that, what you know about the person you get married to don't amount to diddly, does it?
SAM: Suppose not.
BUNNY: You kind of bought yourself a pig in a poke, didn't you, Sam? All that time we were first seeing each other you didn't know I was tightly wound--
SAM: It wasn't just you, Bunny.
BUNNY: No, it wasn't, was it? You didn't exactly throw yourself into it heart and soul, did you?