LAURA: Look. Maybe you'll grow up and we'll get it together, you and me. Maybe I'll never see either of you again. I don't know. All I know is that it's not a good time to be living here.
ROB: So, what, you haven't definitely decide to dump me? There's still a chance we'll get back together?
LAURA: I don't know.
ROB: Well, if you don't know, there's a chance, right? It's like, if someone was in the hospital and he was seriously ill and the doctor said, I don't know if he's got a chance of survival or not, then that doesn't mean the patient's definitely going to die, now does it? It means he might live. Even if it's only a remote possibility.
LAURA: I suppose so.
ROB: So we have a chance of getting back together again.
LAURA: Oh, Rob, shut up.
ROB: Hey, I just want to know where I stand. What chance --
LAURA: -- I don't fucking know what chance you fucking have!
ROB: Well if you could tell me roughly it would help.
LAURA: Okay, okay, we have a nine percent chance of getting back together. Does that clarify the situation?
ROB: Yeah. Great.
LAURA: I'm too tired for this now. I know I'm asking a lot, but will you take off for a while so I can get my stuff packed up? I need to be able to think while I do it and I can't think while you're here.
ROB: No problem. If I can ask one question.
LAURA: Fine. One.
ROB: It sounds stupid.
LAURA: Nevermind.
ROB: You won't like it.
LAURA: Just ask it!
ROB: Is it better?
LAURA: Is what better? Better than what?
ROB: Well. Sex, I guess. Is sex with him better?
LAURA: Jesus Christ, Rob. Is that really what's bothering you?
ROB: Of course it is.
LAURA: You really think it would make a difference either way?
ROB: I don't know.
LAURA: Well the answer is that I don't know either. We haven't done it yet.
ROB: Never?
LAURA: I haven't felt like it.
ROB: But not even before, when he was living upstairs?
LAURA: No. I was living with you, remember? We've slept together but we haven't made love. Not yet. But I'll tell you one thing. The sleeping together is better.
ROB: The sleeping together is better but not the sex because you haven't done it was him yet.
LAURA: Will you please just go?