MR. PINK: ...Hey, I know what I'm talkin' about, black women ain't the same as white women.
MR. WHITE: There's a slight difference.
MR. PINK: Go ahead and laugh, you know what I mean. What a while bitch will put up with, a black bitch won't put up with for a minute. They got a line, and if you cross it, they fuck you up.
EDDIE: I gotta go along with Mr. Pink on this. I've seen it happen.
MR. WHITE: Okay, Mr. Expert. If this is such a truism, how come every nigger I know treats his woman like a piece of shit?
MR. PINK: I'll make you a bet that those same damn niggers who were showin' their ass in public, when their bitches get 'em home, they chill the fuck out.
MR. WHITE: Not these guys.
MR. PINK: Yeah, those guys too.
EDDIE: Let me tell you guys a story. In one of daddy's clubs there was this black cocktail waitress named Elois.
MR. WHITE: Elois?
EDDIE: Yeah, Elois. E and Lois. We called her Lady E.
MR. WHITE: Where was she from, Compton?
EDDIE: No. She was from Ladora Heights.
MR. PINK: The black Beverly Hills. I knew this lady from Ladora Heights once. Hi
EDDIE: It's not the black Beverly Hills, it's the black Palos Verdes. Anyway, this chick, Elois, was a man-eater- upper. I bet every guy who's ever met her has jacked off to her at least once. You know who she looked like? Christie Love. 'Member that TV show Get Christie Love"? She was a black female cop. She always used to say "You're under arrest
MR. PINK: I was in the sixth grade when that show was on. I totally dug it. What the fuck was the name of the chick who played Christie Love?
EDDIE: Pam Grier.
MR. PINK: No, it wasn't Pam Grier, Pam Grier was the other one. Pam Grier made the movies. Christie Love was like a Pam Grier TV show, without Pam Grier.
MR. PINK: What the fuck was that chick's name? Oh this is just great, I'm totally fuckin' tortured now.
EDDIE: Well, whoever she was, Elois looked like her. So one night I walk into the club, and no Elois. Now the bartender was a wetback, he was a friend of mine, his name was Carlos. So I asked him Hey