DIM: He are here! He have arrived! Hooray!
ALEX: Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit? Georgie rises.
GEORGIE: We got worried. There we were waiting and drinking away at the old knify Moloko and you had not turned up and we thought you might have been like offended by something or other, so around we come to your abode.
ALEX: Appy polly loggies. I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for awakening.
DIM: Sorry about the pain. Using the gulliver to much like, eh? Giving orders and disciplining and that perhaps, eh? You sure the pain's gone? You sure you'll not be happier back up in bed.
ALEX: Lets get things nice and sparkling clear. This sarcasm, if I may call it such, does not become you, O my brothers. As I am your droog and leader, I am entitled to know what goes on, eh? Now then, Dim, what does that great big horsy gape of a grin portend?
GEORGIE: All right, no more picking on Dim, brother. That's part of the new way.
ALEX: New way? What's this about a new way? There's been some very large talk behind my sleeping back, and no error. Let me hear more.
GEORGIE: Well, we go round shop crasting and the like, coming out with a pitiful rookerful of money each.
DIM: Pitiful rookerful...
GEORGIE: And there's Will the English in the Muscleman coffee mesto saying he can fence anything that anything that any malchick tries to crast.
DIM: Yeah... Pete the English.
GEORGIE: The shiny stuff. The Ice. The big, big, big money is available's what Will the English says.
DIM: Big, big money.
ALEX: And what will you do with the big, big, money? Have you not everything you need? If you need a motor-car, you pluck it from the trees. If you need pretty polly, you take it.
GEORGIE: Brother, you think and talk sometimes like a little child. Tonight we pull a mansize crast.
ALEX: Good. Real horrorshow. Initiative comes to them as waits. I've taught you much, my little droogies. Now tell me what you have in mind, Georgie Boy.
GEORGIE: Oh, the old moloko-plus first, would you not say
DIM: Moloko-plus.
GEORGIE: Something to sharpen us up, you especially. We have the start.