SALLY: Someone left the goddamn gate open. Otis got out. Skye and I, well the... I came out of the house and the fucking gate was wide open.
JOE: Oh for fuck's sake. Nobody uses that gate.
MONICA: I'm sorry.
SALLY: There's a goddamn sign on the gate.
MONICA: I'm so sorry.
SALLY: You fucking cow, can't you read?!
MONICA: I...
SALLY: How long ago was it?
JOE: Stop being such a bitch, Sal.
MONICA: I'm so sorry.
JOE: It was a mistake. This isn't a plot to do in Otis.
SALLY: Don't be so sure.
JOE: Listen to yourself... Don't worry, it's alright. We'll find him. What's wrong with you?
SALLY: She left the fucking gate open.
JOE: Well he can't have gone far.
SALLY: Can't have gone far? He's like a greyhound. He could be miles away.
JOE: He'll find his way back.
SALLY: There are fucking coyotes out there.
JOE: Sally, calm down. We're not going to find him any quicker by you being hysterical.
SALLY: Fuck you.
JOE: Or shitty!! Otis!!
RYAN: How long have you worked for the Therrians?
AMERICA: A long time.
RYAN: So you were here when they were doing the work on the boundary fence?
AMERICA: Oh yes.
RYAN: Did you know the contractor?
AMERICA: Very well.
RYAN: Was it a contractor?
AMERICA: It's the way they do things.
RYAN: To code?
RYAN: Did you see permits? Did he have a license?
AMERICA: You should talk to Mr. Joe.
MONICA: Ryan, you've got to come! You've got to help me find the dog! I let their dog out. We need to find the dog.
RYAN: You're not serious.
MONICA: I left the gate open and Otis got out! He could get hit by a car!
RYAN: God willing.
MONICA: We have to find the dog, Ryan.
RYAN: Why?
MONICA: Because we're nice people, and because what goes around comes around. Because, God help you if something happens to that dog?
RYAN: Excuse me?
MONICA: All the ugly phone calls? We're not the only people with a tape recorder, Ryan. They've gone to the canyon, we should go towards the PCH.
PANES: Otis!! Shostakovich identified with the Jew. He felt persecuted, hunted, crushed under the thumb of Stalinist imperialism.
SKYE: Not to mention Andrew Zhdanov... Otis, come!!
PANES: Andre Zhdanov? How the hell do you know about Andre Zhdanov?
SKYE: Who doesn't know about the infamous composer's conference of 1948 where Zhdanov persecuted the leaders of Soviet Music - Shostakovich, Prokofieve, and Myaskovsky.
PANES: I'll tell you who doesn't know, cute girls don't know.
SKYE: Do Peter Sellers again.
PANES: Otis you crazy dog! Otis are you in this God forsaken Canyon? My people are very hungry.
SKYE: I just did a movie about Bob Yar, I played Gittle, the Jewish milkmaid who gets shot in the head, and they used Shostakovich's 13th Symphony.
PANES: Set to the poem of Yetveshenko!
SKYE: Exactly! So I dug it, and I did a lot of research.
PANES: Do you really, you really, like Shostakovich?
SKYE: Yeah.
PANES: Would you, like, marry him?
SKYE: If he were still alive, maybe.
PANES: How about someone who really really liked Shostakovich?
SKYE: Are you asking me to marry you?
PANES: No, I'm just testing to see how deeply perverted and impulsive you are.
SKYE: Very.
PANES: Oh good, I'm worse... Are you really twenty-two?
SKYE: Who told you that? No. I'm twenty... Five.
SALLY: Otis!!!!
JOE: Otis!!!!
SALLY: Otis, good boy, come here. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.
JOE: This is a nightmare. We should have kept him upstairs.
SALLY: It was done. When Sophia put the kids to bed, America brought Otis in the room and closed the door. It was done.
JOE: Well someone clearly let him out before Monica opened the gate.
SALLY: Oh fuck you, and fuck Monica while you're at it. But I guess that's what I interrupted.
JOE: Jesus, Sally. You are a medical miracle. The only person who's ever taken ecstacy and become angrier.
SALLY: Yeah, let's talk about that. You seem to be rather an expert. I don't remember in the last five months of counselling your ever mentioning ecstacy or going to rage parties.
JOE: Rave parties?! That's so typical - you would think it was called rage. Perfect!
SALLY: What else don't I know about, Joe? Let's get really clear here.
JOE: Sally, so I took a few pills. I went out dancing. I tried to forget how upset I was about splitting up with you. I haven't lied to you. I told you about the people I've slept with. I just didn't mention the few occasions I took drugs because you're so fucking judgmental I knew I'd never hear the end of it, and you have so little faith and so little trust in me. Sally, we're back, I love you. Trust that. Please let's not do this.
SALLY: Otis! Come! Good boy! Come!
JOE: Otis!
SALLY: I'm not sure we understand that word in the same way.
JOE: Love?
SALLY: You walked out on a five year marriage.
JOE: That hasn't the first fucking thing to do with love. It's whether we can live together... like this! All the time.
SALLY: It's not like this all the time.
JOE: DO I want anyone else? No. Do I want to be with you for the rest of my natural life? I'm trying.
SALLY: And how hard it hit?
JOE: Just stop right there, Sally. We've been through this.
SALLY: You've been through it. That's how you love people. When it's easy for you, when it's convenient for you.
JOE: Sally, first of all, you're talking bullshit. And second...
SALLY: You want to talk about bullshit? Lucy called you three times this week. She's a fucking mess, Joe. Your sister is a fucking mess. She needs you. I talk to her more than you do.
JOE: That is not true.
SALLY: It is true. You know how you love, Joe? You dedicate a book to someone.
JOE: Every novel I've had published in every language I've dedicated to Lucy.
SALLY: Right. And when was the last time you spoke to her?
SALLY: And how fucking dare you cast Skye Davidson in that part? Have you any idea how humiliating that is for me? I'm an actress! It's about our marriage for fuck's sake. Everybody knows that...
JOE: It's a novel.
SALLY: About me!
JOE: Who the fuck do you think you are? The part of Genna is not just about you. It's about every woman I've ever loved in my entire life. Including my mother. The character is also clearly in her early twenties, Sally.
SALLY: What are you saying?
JOE: Hello? Last birthday was?
SALLY: I don't look my age, Joe.
JOE: Sally, I have never considered you for this part because you are too old to play it. And you are out of touch with reality if you think differently.
SALLY: It's a shit novel anyway.
JOE: Well there you go. I let you off the hook. You're one goddamn lucky actress.
SALLY: Not really. I mean your books have always been pop, but this is the shallowest of the bunch. That's what all our friends think, anyway.
JOE: Okay. If we could've, by some miracle, stripped ten years off your face, still couldn't have got the thing made. Because I don't mean anything as a director, and your name doesn't mean fuck all anymore. And the people that can hire you are afraid to, because they think you're phoning it in. That you don't have... Oh Christ, Sally.
SALLY: Who? Who? Who thinks that?
JOE: Your director and your co-star of your current movie. Don't dish if you can't take it, Sally.
SALLY: Mac? Mac says it? Cal?
SALLY: Cal, too?
JOE: Sally, for Christ's sake.
SALLY: Anyone else?
JOE: This is insanity. Sally...
SALLY: Don't.
JOE: Don't push me away.
SALLY: I had an abortion two weeks ago.
JOE: Don't do this.
SALLY: I found out I was pregnant and it scared the shit out of me.
JOE: Don't do this!
SALLY: I told you when we met I never wanted children. I don't want kids in my life. We talked about it. You weren't listening.
JOE: You changed your mind.
SALLY: I wanted you back.
SALLY: You think this was to hurt you?! My God, Joe. It isn't about you.
JOE: What?! You aborted our child?!
SALLY: I'm a monster. Exactly.
JOE: You're not ready.
SALLY: Don't make allowances. I'll never be ready. Some people just shouldn't have children. I'd be a terrible fucking mother, Joe. I did want it for us. But I couldn't do it. I don't really think I can do it.
JOE: I wasn't part of that picture at all, was I? I wasn't part of that decision. Did I occur to you at all? It's a fucking farce. It's a fucking farce. How long did you think you could keep it going. You're amazing. Do you have any idea what you've done to us?
SALLY: Yes.
JOE: I'll never forgive you.
SALLY: I know.
JOE: I have no idea who you are.