HARRY: These guys, my investors, they run a limo service, came to me originally, put money in a few of my pictures and did okay, they're happy. So they come in on another deal -– this was back a few months ago when I was planning what would be my next picture, about this band of killer circus freaks that travel around the country leaving bodies in their wake. The characters, there's this seven- hundred-pound fat lady who has a way of seducing guys, gets them in her trailer –-
CHILI: Harry, look at me.
CHILI: You're trying to tell me how you fucked up without sounding stupid, and that's hard to do. Let's just get to where you're at, okay? You blew the two hundred grand the limo guys gave you in Vegas on a basketball game and you haven't told 'em about it. Why not?
HARRY: Because they're not the type of guys would take it with any degree of understanding or restraint. The first thing they'd do is break my legs.
CHILI: You got that on the brain, Harry. If you're so scared of 'em why'd you take their money to Vegas to begin with?
HARRY: Because I need half a million to buy a script.
CHILI: For a movie?
HARRY: A blockbuster. But quality. No mutants or maniacs. This one's gonna be my Driving Miss Daisy"."
CHILI: What's it called?
HARRY: Mr. Lovejoy"."
CHILI: Mr. Lovejoy"? That's the title?"
HARRY: It's not bad when you know what it's about.
HARRY: Murray Saffrin, guy who wrote it, did all my Grotesque pictures, had it in a drawer for twenty years. He shows it to me one day, tells me he's got a star interested, would I produce it.
CHILI: Who's the star?
HARRY: Two time academy award nominee, Martin Weir.
CHILI: Martin Weir. He played the mob guy that turned snitch in The Cyclone"."
HARRY: One of his best parts.
CHILI: No, his best part was the cripple gay guy that climbed Mt. Whitney.
HARRY: Ride the Clouds". Good picture."
CHILI: She looks familiar.
HARRY: She's a rock star. Every day, same time, they come down here and have breakfast. He has the egg white omelet; she has the banana pancakes. He sits facing west so he can see his billboard. She faces east so she has an excuse to wear the shades.
HARRY: Anyway, Murray has this shrink, who also happens to be Martin's personal trainer's shrink. Murray gives the shrink the script and the shrink gives it to Martin's trainer who reads it to Martin while they work out, and Martin flips. Loves it.
CHILI: So what's the problem?
HARRY: The problem is Murray. He and a few other blocked screenwriters went river rafting down the Kern a few weeks ago. Murray never made it back.
CHILI: He drown?
HARRY: Heart attack. Apparently they brought a couple hookers along.
HARRY: Doris, Murray's widow, finds out about this Martin Weir thing and says since Murray and I never had any written contract, she wants five hundred grand for the script.
CHILI: So you're thinking what if I was to put you next to my dry cleaner. Ask him if he wants to invest his money in a movie.
HARRY: That, or I'm thinking what if some tragic accident were to befall the widow Saffrin -–
CHILI: I'm not gonna pop her, Harry.
HARRY: Just a thought.
CHILI: But I could talk to the limo guys. Tell 'em to leave you alone for a while. Make the point in a way they'd understand it.
HARRY: You don't even know these guys.
CHILI: Harry, I probably know 'em better than you do.
HARRY: What do you get out of this?
CHILI: Let's see how we get along.