ERNIE: Oh, I was just writing you a note. What do you say we take a walk?
AARON: Outside?
ERNIE: Yeah --
ERNIE: I don't know if we have any younger man more respected in our operation than you.
AARON: Just tell me what's really going on. I think we know each other well enough for me to expect that.
ERNIE: We know each other well enough for me to care how I put something to you which could wipe you out. So I will phrase things the way I think they should be phrased. All right?
AARON: Wipe me out?
ERNIE: Anyway. I want you to think of this as...
AARON: Just blunt talk, okay? I'd really appreciate bluntness.
ERNIE: Upper management thinks you're dull.
ERNIE: Aaron, I've never seen them like this -- I think Paul's nervous about his own job and for some reason he thinks you only appeal to...
AARON: Wait. Bullshit me a little...I'm beginning to appreciate it.
ERNIE: I'm no suggesting the worst will happen...but someone with your brilliance gets nibbles about other jobs and maybe, the next time that happens, down the road -- you should look into it.
AARON: Ah, damn -- the fucking jerks -- My, God. They want to fire me.
ERNIE: All I know is that they've got to fire a large number of people... and they're not going by seniority. There's a recklessness in the air. They...
AARON: Do one thing to me? Get me one shot at anchoring the Weekend News -- they've never seen me do it. I think it could turn them around.
ERNIE: I could do it this Saturday -- everyone wants off for the Correspondents' Dinner.
AARON: Do it then.
ERNIE: Please prepare carefully. This couldn't come at a better time.
AARON: Prepare what? You have Saturday's news handy?
ERNIE: It's been a while since you read the news -- I'll have somebody work with you. Just on superficial performance things.
AARON: Okay. I think I'd better be alone for a while.
ERNIE: I understand. I'll go with you.
AARON: Thanks.
AARON: This is uncomfortable for me -- because, well, I don't mean it as a knock, but we approach this differently.
TOM: We sure do. I don't mean it as a knock either. Go ahead. I'll just say what I think and you can disregard it if you want.
AARON: It just might not work for me because of our different approaches.
TOM: Wait.
AARON: What?
TOM: Your coat jacket is rising up in back.