BLIND MAN: Cocksucker motherfucker! Cops. I hear you. Always sneaking around. Thinks I can't see him. Well he's right. Motherfucker. But that ain't mean I don't know what's going on around here. They're all cursed. Yes sir.
BOBBY: Who's cursed?
BLIND MAN: All them miners last century. Hungry ghosts, killed off all the Indians. Up at the mine. Earth ran red with blood, think I'm fooling around here. White sky was on fire. Grown men cried like babies. I saw a flash, then darkness descended upon me. They put me in the joint. Took my eyes. I cursed them. White people can't seem to stay away from Indians . You gotta watch where ya put your fingers. Pussy pussy pussy, Indian pussy.
BOBBY: I thought you said you lost your eyes in the war?
BLIND MAN: So now you're going to tell me where I lost my eyes. You don't think I know where I lost my eyes? I was there when I lost them. I lost them in the war. The war in the joint. There's always wars in the joint. Cause I was a code talker in the joint and in the war too. Mmmm, nothing like the smell of a naked lady. Be careful, boy.
BOBBY: Musta been some bad ass nuclear tests here in the 50's. This town's all inbreeding.
BLIND MAN: Well, people gotta get by somehow. That's the curse. The mines done it. All that uranium, plutonium, fuffonium, fuckononium, assononium, all that om"! Everybody's got a mother. You don't rip up your mother. You don't rip up the Earth and take everything out. It's like the Cracker Jack box says
BOBBY: I got things to do.
BLIND MAN: ...But ain't you got a little something for the infirm?
BOBBY: I'm a little short Pops. I'll catch you next time.
BLIND MAN: Your lies are old, but you tell 'em well.
JENNY: Hey mister. Mister, I just... I just wanted to thank you.
BOBBY: For what?
JENNY: For defending my honor this afternoon.
BOBBY: I hate to bust your bubble honey, but I wasn't defending you.
JENNY: But you was going to fight for me.
BOBBY: I wasn't going to fight for you. I was just going to beat the shit out of your boyfriend.
JENNY: He's not my boyfriend. I mean, I let him take me out and stuff, but I ain't spoken for. Not yet that is.
BOBBY: Get it through your head, little girl; I'm not going for you. If this Toby likes you, then if I were you I'd marry him. You're not going to get much better in this town.
JENNY: That's what I thought until you came riding in. I saw your car over at the gas station. It's a cool car. Want to take me for a ride? Desert's kind of lonely this time of day.
BOBBY: How old are you?
JENNY: Eighteen... Well, I'm gonna be eighteen in two years, but that don't mean you can't take me for a ride if you want.
BOBBY: No, I don't want to take you for a ride. What I want is for ... Hey, you don't think you can get $150 from your parents, could you?
TOBY: Mister!
BOBBY: Oh, shit!
TOBY: That's right, Mister. You better be afraid. I told you it wasn't over, but you didn't listen. Now I find you sneakin' around with my girl behind my back.
BOBBY: I wasn't sneaking around with your girl. Would you please tell him?
JENNY: You're too late, Toby. We're going to get in his fancy car and ride off and leave you behind.
BOBBY: What the hell are you talking about?
JENNY: What's your name anyway?
TOBY: Oh, that tears it, Mister. I'm gonna bust you up but good. I'm gonna bust you into a million pieces and then ... and then bust those pieces up, and then ... and then spread them all around. That's what I'm gonna do. You don't know what you're dealing with, Mister. I'm crazy. I'm psycho crazy.
BOBBY: Yeah, I know. You're TNT. Just like dynamite. When you go off somebody gets hurt. All right. Let's do this.
JENNY: Toby Tucker, it don't matter to me if you beat him all up and knock out all his teeth and he's just drooling and bleeding all over hisself, 'cause we love each other and we gonna run off, and I'm gonna have his love child.
BOBBY: Will you shut up!