FRANK: Play that sweet one you know. The one makes my wife here so friendly.
DIANE: You!
JOE: You wouldn't want to dance with me, would you?
GRACE: I don't thinks you'd want me tripping all over you in front of everybody.
JOE: I wouldn't let happen.
GRACE: You know, you're a good kid.
DIANE: Must be nice for you to take a few days off from your work, huh?
ANNIE: Well, I have more than a few days, ha, ha... I uh... I'm sort of... not an editor anymore... right now... First time I've said it out loud.
DIANE: They fired you?
ANNIE: No, it's more like a leave of- Ha, ha, ha. Yeah, they fired me.
DIANE: You don't seem to upset?
ANNIE: Delayed shock. Or maybe not. I know I could talk my way back if I wanted or... go to another magazine, someplace... Just not sure if I want to.
DIANE: Guess you don't have to figure it out until you go home.
ANNIE: Did you always know this was the life you wanted?
DIANE: I fell in love. After that, I never thought about being anything but a rancher's wife. I never saw it like I was losing some other life, just felt like I was gaining one. I know that's not a popular opinion nowadays and I ain't saying it's the right one. We all have to find the life meant for us.
ANNIE: Frank's a good man.
DIANE: They don't come better. But I don't deny there are times I wonder about things I won't have. Maybe one day I'll get to see Egypt. Maybe not. But I know if you try too many different lives, you can wind up with no life at all...
ANNIE: Sounds like something Tom would say.
DIANE: Yes, it does.
ANNIE: What?
DIANE: Annie, I'm not good at this kind of talk -- goes round and round a thing but never comes to it -- so let's just say what it is. When you first came here, I didn't like you and I was worried. Tom means a lot to me and this family. Don't go looking here for whatever you looking for. Don't make that man go through something it took him a long time to see his way clear out of the first time.
ANNIE: I don't think anybody can make Tom do anything he didn't want.
DIANE: He's a good man, Tom is. He's got a gift, come from heaven above, I swear. But he's still a man. And a woman can lead a man into the middle of a mountain lake -- and still make him think he's on dry land.