EVELYN: He waited for you three hours!
BERNIE: You are not gonna believe this, Evelyn! Absolutely fantastic! I'm on my way --
EVELYN: I am so tired of your bullshit, Bernie.
BERNIE: Ev, it's not my fault! I'm trying to tell you this incredible --
EVELYN: It's never your fault, Bernie! Never ever! You screwed up my life, now you're gonna screw up Joey's life, but you're never gonna accept responsibility for anyth--
BERNIE: Is he here, your friend. The fireman?
EVELYN: He had an emergency call... a <u>real</u> emergency.
BERNIE: Why doncha let me in so we don't wake everybody in the neighborhood?
BERNIE: Willya lemme talk for Chrissake? I'm trying to tell you what happened. What happened is...
EVELYN: The same thing that always happens! You blew it! And this time you broke your son's heart instead of mine! He was so proud, looking forward to going to a movie with his father... and you let him down! Like you let everybody down, always! What did you do, take a mudbath?
BERNIE: That's what I'm trying to... to... okay, nevermind. Just lemme talk to Joey to... to apologize.
EVELYN: He's in bed! You're not gonna wake him and make him crazy, do you understand? He comes home from the zoo, he wants to know if Elliot's a war hero" like you... he wants to know how many people you killed..."
BERNIE: Elliot"? The heroic goddamn fireman?"
EVELYN: I had to explain your tendancy to exaggerate"
BERNIE: Three weeks, Ev. I didn't tell him I killed anybody...
EVELYN: Maybe not,... but you let him believe it! And then I gotta explain about the homeless...
BERNIE: The homeless!
EVELYN: How not all of them own apartment complexes, how not all of them play the stock market, how not all of them rent babies when they're panhandling. He's ten years old, Bernie! Impressionable!
BERNIE: Listen, it's important, Ev, I gotta see him, I got my reasons, very goddamn important...
EVELYN: Use the phone, Bernie, call him tomorrow, he'd like to hear from you. Where's your other shoe? Never mind! I don't want to know. Some fantastic adventure, right? Something really crazy.
BERNIE: I was giving him some advice is all. Preparing him for life. You don't want him to grow up soft, Ev	, it's tough out there, it's a goddamn jungle.
EVELYN: Back to the jungle, Bernie. Good night.