LIPNIK: ...I was commissioned yesterday in the Army Reserve. Henry Morgenthau arranged it. He's a dear friend.
BARTON: Congratulations.
LIPNIK: Actually it hasn't officially gone through yet. Had wardrobe whip this up. You gotta pull teeth to get anything done in this town. I can understand a little red tape in peacetime, but now it's all-out warfare against the Japs. Little yellow bastards. They'd love to see me sit this one out.
BARTON: Yes sir, they –
LIPNIK: Anyway, I had Lou read your script for me.
LIPNIK: ...I gotta tell you, Fink. It won't wash.
BARTON: With all due respect, sir, I think it's the best work I've done.
LIPNIK: Don't gas me, Fink. If you're opinion mattered, then I guess I'd resign and let YOU run the the studio. It doesn't and you won't, and the lunatics are not going to run THIS particular asylum. So let's put a stop to THAT rumor right now.
BARTON: Yes sir.
LIPNIK: I had to call Beery this morning, let him know we were pushing the picture back. After all I'd told him about quality, about that Barton Fink feeling. How disappointed we were. Wally was heartbroken. The man was devastated. He was – well, I didn't actually call him, Lou did. But that's a fair description, isn't it Lou?
LOU: Yes, Colonel.
LIPNIK: Hell, I could take you through it step by step, explain why your story stinks, but I won't insult your intelligence. Well all right, first of all: This is a wrestling picture; the audience wants to see action, drama, wrestling, and plenty of it. They don't wanna see a guy wrestling with his soul – well, all right, a little bit, for the critics – but you make it the carrot that wags the dog. Too much of it and they head for exits and I don't blame 'em. There's plenty of poetry right inside that ring, Fink. Look at Hell Ten Feet Square"."
LOU: Blood
LIPNIK: Look at Blood
BARTON: I'm sorry if I let you down.
LIPNIK: You didn't let ME down. Or even Lou. We don't live or die by what you scribble, Fink. You let Ben Geisler down. He liked you. Trusted you. And that's why he's gone. Fired. That guy had a heart as big as the outdoors, and you fucked him. He tried to convince me to fire you too, but that would be too easy. No, you're under contract and you're gonna stay that way. Anything you write will be the property of Capitol Pictures. And Capitol Pictures will not produce anything you write. Not until you grow up a little. You ain't no writer, Fink – you're a goddamn write-off.
BARTON: I tried to show you something beautiful. Something about all of US –