PETER: Alright. The truth is... I thought we had something here.
FAITH: I can't believe you did that!
PETER: And I can't believe you are so stubborn and so blind as to let some stranger, some phantom you've never even met destroy it.
FAITH: You're the reason I never met him. You knew it was the thing I most wanted in life and you sabotaged it.
PETER: I sabotaged it? You're the one who lost him, remember?
FAITH: Well, I might've found him again if I hadn't left Rome to make this pointless trip down here with you.
PETER: As I recall, you were on your way home. And I didn't want you to go so, yes, I told you a little white lie.
FAITH: A little white lie"? A "little white lie"?"
PETER: What would you call it?
FAITH: I would call it-- unforgivable.
PETER: Don't you think you're overreacting just a little here? We're talking about love, okay? Let's be rational.
FAITH: Rational?! Love is not rational! Are you crazy?
PETER: Yes. I'm crazy. You have driven me crazy. No one in their right mind would go to this much trouble to win over someone as insane as you. Did it ever, even for one second, occur to you how much work it was to set all this up? How many arrangements had to be made? How many players had to be coordinated?
FAITH: Gee, I'm flattered. What an incredibly romantic gesture. Cancel the roses, I've decided to lie to her instead.
PETER: Very funny.
FAITH: No, it isn't. I called off my wedding all because of you.
PETER: Really?...
FAITH: Yes.
PETER: And this is the thanks I get. I did you a favor. You never wanted to marry that joker in the first place.
FAITH: That's not the point. And what if I had wanted to?
PETER: If you had wanted to, you'd have gone home.
PETER: Look, I just thought if you finally got rid of this obsession with this name, if you could get it out of your system once and for all, then maybe you'd be able to stop waiting and open your heart to someone real. Granted, ideally, me. I didn't do it to hurt you. I did it for you. I did it for us...
FAITH: There is no us.