JAKE: What happened to your hand?
JOHN: Accident.
JAKE: You've got to be--
JOHN: Yeah, I know. More careful.
JAKE: I guess we've never been introduced proper. Jake McKenna.
JOHN: Jake McKenna. That's a solid name.
JAKE: I'm a solid man.
JOHN: John Stewart.
JAKE: What brings you to Sierra?
JOHN: My car overheated. I pulled in to have it fixed.
JAKE: Where you headed?
JOHN: I've got to make a stop in Vegas, then I'm heading to Santa Barbara.
JAKE: Live there?
JOHN: Got work. I know a man who's got a boat. Wants me to sail it for him.
JAKE: You a sailor man? That'd be the life. Drive across the country, step on a boat and just sail away. A man could pretty well disappear like that. Just sail away until all he was was a memory. I guess a little place like this would just be a dot on a map to you after awhile.
JOHN: I hope so. Listen, Mr. McKenna, about your wife: If I had known she was married--
JAKE: It wouldn't have made a difference to you, now would it? Not a wit. Do you know why? Because you're a man without scruples.
JOHN: Wait a second--
JAKE: Ah, I can smell it on you.
JOHN: Hey!
JAKE: That's the sweat of a man who hasn't an honest bone in his body. Don't be offended, lad. A man who's got no ethics is a free man. I envy you that. Beside, I can hardly blame you. That Grace has a mind of her own, and a body to match, don't she? Eh?
JAKE: She does at that. I knew when I married her she was a free spirit. A woman with her looks and a man my age; what was I to expect? But you see a woman like that in a town like this and you don't think, you do. So, I married her. What are you to do, eh? Women.
JOHN: Can't live with them, and you can't shoot 'em.
JAKE: I bet she led you on good, didn't she? Taking you up to the house with that smile of hers. Bet she wiggled her ass in your face more than once. Then me busting in like some wild bear. Bet you had a fire going under you.
JOHN: Like you don't know.
JAKE: Mad like a dog in heat, I bet you were. I can tell you got a temper on you.