MARY: Oh -- Mr. Webster -- I'm so glad you came!
WEBSTER: Are you, Mary? Well, I guess I'm glad myself -- seeing as how you feel this way. Party seems to be quite a success. Lots of guests, anyhow.
JABEZ: Well -- Mr. Webster! This is a great day for me. Come on in, sir. I want you to take the seat of honor and meet all my guests!
WEBSTER: That's just fine, Neighbor Stone -- but -- I have to be pretty careful of my seats of honor -- where I sit, I mean. You see, the whole country sort of has its eye on me, Jabez -- anybody in public life has that difficulty -- even you, Jabez. They watch us carefully, our neighbors and our enemies, and they see much more than we think they do -- and understand much more. My friends all like to think that I've got the good of mankind always at heart, and I've got to make sure that those I deal with have the good of mankind always at heart, too. Do you know what I'm talking about, Jabez?
JABEZ: What -- what's on your mind?
WEBSTER: You, Jabez Stone -- you and a lot of poor farmers, hereabouts -- good men of the earth who are in trouble because of you. Or -- am I wrong about those contracts, Mr. Stone?
JABEZ: Contracts? -- Yes, they have contracts with me -- lots of 'em -- but -- but that's all right. Without me and my money, they wouldn't have anything.
WEBSTER: They'd have a good neighbor, Jabez -- and that's worth much more than anything else -- much, much more!
WEBSTER: I'm sorry you can't see that, I know you could once -- you made a little speech once, that I'll always remember and I know the others do too -- They remember and they see how you have changed. That's why they didn't want to come tonight to you, Jabez -- you're as blind as a Burma bat, with your gold pot! Mind you, it's not the money, I've been talking about, it's what you make of it.
JABEZ: I -- I don't know what you're talking about! I -- I haven't time to listen to all this --
WEBSTER: No -- you haven't time -- You haven't time for your mother, or your wife, or your child.
JABEZ: It's your fault! You brought Daniel Webster here -- just to try to make a fool of me! You played the sneak behind my back -- made up all sorts of lies against me! You can get yourself out of my home -- go back to the other house -- that old place, where you belong -- I don't want to -- to talk to you again!