ERIN: If you're here to fire me, your timing's lousy.
ED: I'm not gonna fire you. I wanted to. But then you got sick, and that woulda made me look like a shit. You embarrassed me, Erin.
ERIN: I know. I'm sorry. Do I get to hear what happened anyway?
ERIN: Between 50 and 400 million, definitely?
ED: Uh-huh.
ERIN: And if you had to guess ...
ED: With nothing linking it to the corporate offices yet, I'd say we'll end up on the lower end of that. Still a lot of money.
ERIN: So why would PG&E offer it?
ED: Because. They know the evidence; they know they're gonna lose a jury trial. Maybe they wouldn't lose 400 million bucks, but once you factor in all they'd spend on this case in the next ten years, it makes a lot of --
ERIN: Wait, what do you mean, ten years?
ED: Five years, maybe, for a trial. Double that for the appeal.
ERIN: I'm sorry, are you saying that if this thing goes to trial, it'll be <u>ten years</u> before these plaintiffs see their money?
ED: Hey, that's not so bad. Compare it to the Love Canal -- that was twenty years ago, and those people still haven't seen a dime. So in legal terms, ten years is --
ERIN: Fuck legal terms. We're talking about human beings here. Sick people. A whole bunch of them are gonna be dead in ten years. They need their money now! We gotta get 'em to agree to the arbitration, Ed. We gotta get every damn one of those plaintiffs to --
ED: <u>I know</u>. We're having a meeting, it's all set up --
ERIN: When? Where?
ED: Tuesday at seven, at the Hinkley firehouse.
ERIN: Okay, good. I think I should be the one to tell 'em, cause they trust me more than --
ED: You're not gonna be there.
ERIN: The fuck I'm not. I don't care what the doctor says --
ED: This isn't doctor's orders. It's mine. I'm saying you can't come.
ERIN: Why not?
ED: Because Kurt doesn't want to work with you. He thinks you're a loose cannon.
ERIN: Fuck Kurt.
ED: Erin --
ERIN: No, I'm serious. You know what Kurt Potter is? He's the kind of guy who never would have taken this case in the first place. He's the kind of guy who would have sold these plaintiffs down the river when PG&E offered 20 million. He doesn't work like us, Ed. There's no little voice in his head telling him to do the right thing.