BUFFY: Things are kind of confusing.
PIKE: I'll back that up.
BUFFY: Three weeks ago all I thought about was... well, I didn't actually think about anything. I definitely didn't expect this.
PIKE: I know. My guidance counselor never mentioned anything about vampires. 'Prison' came up a few times, but nothing about undead.
BUFFY: It's weird. I went back to my old grade school once, to the playground -- I used to hang out there all the time, playing on the swings and stuff... I went back and it was so tiny, the whole place. I couldn't even fit on the swings. Everything just looked so small. I'm sorry. I'm babbling.
PIKE: No, you're not.
BUFFY: I'm kinda beat. You can stay in my mom's room if you want.
PIKE: I think I'll just hang out here. Make sure the sun comes up and everything.
BUFFY: You sure?
PIKE: Oh, I'll be fine. Got my chair, got my window, I'm great.
BUFFY: Mmkay.
PIKE: Hey, Buffy...
BUFFY: Yeah?
PIKE: You know, you saved my life. And I just wanted to say... I forgive you for talking during the movie. Almost.
MERRICK: There isn't time.
BUFFY: Make time, okay? You're the one who told me to act normal. I've missed three practices already. If I'm not there for the Barber game tomorrow everyone's gonna talk.
MERRICK: Another distraction. It's not right.
BUFFY: Why because it's not my fate? It's not in the Book-of-All- Knowledgefullness that I'm gonna be cheerleading at the Barber game?
MERRICK: Sooner or later you're going to have to accept it. Your fate.
BUFFY: I'm pretty much learning not to accept anything anymore. Come on, Merrick. Football. Afterwards we can kill and kill until there is nothing left.
MERRICK: All right.
BUFFY: Toasty. You should come; it's gonna be a great game.
MERRICK: Oh, I'll be there all right. I'm not letting you out of my sight. Not till you're ready.
BUFFY: Try and be inconspicuous, okay? Act like a fan.
MERRICK: Football is my life.
BUFFY: You're learning. Slowly, incredibly slowly, but you're learning.
MERRICK: None of the other girls ever gave me this much trouble.
BUFFY: And where are they now?
JEFFREY: So that's your tutor, huh? What is he, like, your boyfriend now?
BUFFY: Jeffrey. Projectile vomit.