LOW: It's my master list of missing persons: men, boys, girls, children over the last ten years. Two hundred and eighty-five names. A pool of possible victims.
MACKELWAY: Zero killed them all?
LOW: Of course not. They're possibles. I've checked them against Bureau records, check them against your file. How did you get it?
MACKELWAY: Daitz hinted it existed. It was a matter of forming the request in the proper terms.
LOW: After my hiatus, after I got my priorities readjusted, I drifted online, started tracking porn chat rooms, looking for Zero. Got accepted, came across these boys swapping stories, pictures, downloads. Never found Zero, but I did come across some Class A scumbags.
MACKELWAY: How do you know who's real and who's not?
LOW: And who else did I find? Agent Thomas Mackelway, crackerjack FBI techie. I was greatly disappointed when you were re-assigned.
MACKELWAY: You knew it was me all along?
LOW: Please. You can't hide from me, sonny. I invented the questionnaire. I can tell those who talk from those who do it in the time it takes you to fart.
LOW: There's someone out there, Mack, I know, some man killing for the fun of it, sniffing human glue, without regard to age or sex, without predicable M.O. Someone who has a way to dispose of the bodies. You have access, you can call up local authorities, check morgues, conduct interviews. Be my man.
MACKELWAY: I already have an employer.
LOW: If you won't do it for me, do it for your cousin, Nadine, right? The girl in the pink sweater.
MACKELWAY: Who told you about her?
LOW: You did. You were with her when she disappeared, right? She took you to the mall or the movies, you turn around and she's gone.
MACKELWAY: It was the mall.
LOW: I know you, Lionheart. I watched your mind work, heard your dirty thoughts --
MACKELWAY: Those were just fantasies.
LOW: We're alike. We are hunters. We have the gift. It's ancient times all over again. We stand between order and chaos. I need help. I can't carry on alone.
MACKELWAY: Maybe you should back off.
LOW: This guy, Zero, he drifts around, that's how they all start, drifting around, their minds filling up with fantasies. He thinks he's real smart, laughs at us, laughs at his victims. But he has left a trail, and the trail is somewhere in those names. You know how to reach me. Take my advice, when dealing with these FBI tight-asses, go by the book. That's what I did.
MACKELWAY: You? You went by the book?
LOW: Yeah, problem was, I had the only copy. See ya.