FRANK: I'll be damned.
JOHN: Did you see him? Do you know who he is?
FRANK: No. I just kept talking to her. There was a lot of guys in that bar - could'a been any of 'em.
JOHN: It's okay. This is working. This is gonna work.
FRANK: Whatta we do now?
JOHN: Sissy Clark, 190 Riverside Dr., apartment 3C. Tomorrow. She's a nursing student. Paying her way as a cocktail waitress at the Peppermint Lounge, on west 63rd. Left work at two A M...killed in her apartment, between two thirty and five.
FRANK: Got it.
JOHN: Dad, I think I may be able to get you enough information to make sure the DA can nail this bastard.
FRANK: How?
JOHN: Coupla days ago they dug up a body in Washington Heights - Mary Finelli. Girl disappeared in '68. Turns out she was his first kill. Which means he probably knew her. Most serials know their first victim. I'm gonna do some checking - see if I can put any of this together...
FRANK: All right, I'm with you. I just hope we know what the hell we're doing.
FRANK: Tell me something good, Chief. Tell me about the future.
JOHN: Well they found out cigarettes give you lung cancer.
FRANK: What else, John. It must be different, huh? Are people living on the moon?
JOHN: Didn't happen, we got enough problems down here.
FRANK: What are we like in...1998?
JOHN: We're okay...we're good, Dad.
FRANK: Hey, what about the Amazin's? They pull it off?
JOHN: You really wanna know?
FRANK: Yeah, you betcha.
JOHN: Well, game five was the big one. It turned in the bottom of the 6th. We were down 3-0. Cleon Jones gets hit on the foot - left a scuff mark on the ball. Clendenon comes up. The count goes to 2 2. High fastball. He nailed it. Weis slammed a solo shot in the 7th to tie. Jones and Swoboda scored in the 8th. We won, Pop.
FRANK: Wow.
FRANK: Hang on a sec, John.
JOHN: You there?
FRANK: Jules, I want you to say hello to somebody... I'm on with John - that guy I told you about.
JULIA: The future guy?
FRANK: Yeah, but, no kidding around, he's a good guy, a real good guy...
FRANK: John, say hello to my wife...Julia.
JOHN: H-hi.
JULIA: Hey, future boy. Frank tells me you're a cop?
JOHN: Yeah, that's right.
JULIA: My six year-old here keeps telling me he wants to be a policeman. Right after he retires from the majors. We just gave him a badge and a whistle for his birthday.
JOHN: Yeah...I remember. I used to play cops and robbers but y-- ...my mom wouldn't let me have a toy gun.
JULIA: You're mom sounds like she's got some smarts.
JOHN: She's pretty special.
JULIA: Are you a good cop, John?
JOHN: I try to be.
JULIA: Then I'll bet she's real proud of you, huh?
JOHN: Yeah. I just wish I'd told her how proud I was of her.
JULIA: I'm sorry. I didn't realize... But she knew, John. A mother knows what's in her son's heart.