HEALY: I've got some very, very good news for you, my friend.
TED: Really? Very, very?
HEALY: I think your life's about to change.
TED: So you found Mary?
HEALY: Right there in Liberty City. And you were right, she's really something.
TED: So she hasn't changed?
HEALY: That I couldn't say. Let me ask you something: Was she a little big-boned in high school?
TED: No, not at all.
HEALY: Well she must've packed on a few pounds over the years.
TED: Mary's a little chubby, huh?
HEALY: I'd say about a deuce, deuce and a half. Not bad.
HEALY: But you know, you shit out a bunch of kids, you're going to put on a few pounds.
TED: So she's married?
HEALY: Nope. Never been.
TED: Huh?
HEALY: Four kids, three different guys.
TED: Three different guys?
HEALY: Well I'm guessing. There's a black kid, two whites, and a midget.
TED: Oh my.
HEALY: Hyperactive little fuckers, too. Tough to keep up with in a wheelchair, I bet.
TED: She's in a wheelchair?!
HEALY: Don't look so shocked, it's been a long time. I bet you've changed a lot over the last twelve years, haven't you?
TED: It's just that... Mary. I wouldn't have thought...
HEALY: Anyway, the good news is I have all the information you need. Got it from her bookie -- nice guy. You should definitely call her, Ted. I mean she's a real sparkplug, that one. She seems determined to get those rugrats off welfare and with your help I'll bet she does it.
TED: Thanks, Healy. Good work.
HEALY: Ted? Don't you want the name of the housing project?
TED: Uh, that's okay.
HEALY: You sure, big guy? I'll bet she'd love to hear from you before her mastectomy!
TED: What are you doing?
HEALY: Oh, uh, I resigned.
TED: Miami?
HEALY: Yeah, this insurance business is too slow for me. I'm going to go down and try my hand at jai alai.
TED: Jai alai?
HEALY: Yeah, I don't know why but I always felt at home in the fronton.
TED: Look, uh, I've been thinking about everything you told me.
HEALY: Good good.
TED: Well I think you're right, I should look her up.
HEALY: Rollerpig? Are you nuts?
TED: But you said she was a sparkplug...?
HEALY: I said buttplug. She's heinous.
TED: All the same, I still want to call her. I know it sounds crazy -- Mary sure has a lot of troubles in her life -- but, I don't know, maybe I can help her out. The poor thing's had it tough -- she's in a wheelchair for Godsakes.
HEALY: It's a goddamn bunion. It'll heal.
TED: Oh. I thought That's not it anyway. I know this doesn't make any sense to you, but I just can't turn it off that fast. I still feel something for her.
HEALY: Okay, tell you what: I'll get her number for you just as soon as she gets back from Japan.
TED: Japan? What's she doing in Japan?
HEALY: You've heard of mail-order brides? Well they go that way, too.
TED: Mary's a mail-order bride?
HEALY: Fetched a pretty penny, too. Don't forget, it's the Sumo culture, they pay by the pound there. Sort of like tuna.
TED: That's it, I'm making an oath. I'll never procrastinate about anything again. Life is too fucking short.
DOM: Hey, look on the bright side --
TED: What's that, Dom? What's the bright side?
DOM: Well... at least now you know.
TED: I think it was better when I didn't. It was kind of inspiring to know there was someone so pure in the world.
TED: What's so funny?
DOM: I'm sorry, it's just that you're taking this all wrong, pal. Don't you see? You're liberated. I feel liberated. I mean here you've been in therapy thinking you blew it with the greatest girl ever, and it turns out that getting your dick stuck in your zipper was the best thing that ever happened to you!
TED: Wait a second, I never told you that.
DOM: Christ, Ted, I was only four towns away.
TED: Maybe you're right. I should look on the bright side. I mean, I've still got my health... I'm out of here. I've got to get up at six a.m. to move my boss's brother into his apartment.
DOM: What? On your day off? Do you even know the guy?
TED: Never met him.
DOM: Jesus, Ted, you've got to finish that damn novel so you can quit that stupid magazine.
TED: Amen to that.