CHARLIE: ...Is the egg showing or what?!
BARTON: That's okay; actually I am just starting out in the movies – though I was pretty well established in New York, some renown there,
CHARLIE: Oh, it's an exciting time then. I'm not the best-read mug on the planet, so I guess it's no surprise I didn't recognize your name. Jesus, I feel like a heel.
BARTON: That's okay, Charlie. I'm a playwright. My shows've only played New York. Last one got a hell of a write-up in the Herald. I guess that's why they wanted me here.
CHARLIE: Hell, why not? Everyone wants quality. What kind of venue, that is to say, thematically, uh...
BARTON: What do I write about?
CHARLIE: Caught me trying to be fancy! Yeah, that's it, Bart.
BARTON: Well, that's a good question. Strange as it may seem, Charlie, I guess I write about people like you. The average working stiff. The common man.
CHARLIE: Well ain't that a kick in the head!
BARTON: Yeah, I guess it is. But in a way, that's exactly the point. There's a few people in New York – hopefully our numbers are growing – who feel we have an opportunity now to forge something real out of everyday experience, create a theater for the masses that's based on a few simple truths – not on some shopworn abstractions about drama that doesn't hold true today, if they ever did...
BARTON: ...I don't guess this means much to you.
CHARLIE: Hell, I could tell you some stories–
BARTON: And that's the point, that we all have stories. The hopes and dreams of the common man are as noble as those of any king. It's the stuff of life – why shouldn't it be the stuff of theater? Goddamnit, why should that be a hard pill to swallow? Don't call it new theater, Charlie; call it real theater. Call it our theater.
CHARLIE: I can see you feel pretty strongly about it.
BARTON: Well, I don't mean to get up on my high horse, but why shouldn't we look at ourselves up there? Who cares about the Fifth Earl of Bastrop and Lady Higginbottom and – and – and who killed Nigel Grinch-Gibbons?
CHARLIE: I can feel my butt getting sore already.
BARTON: Exactly, Charlie! You understand what I'm saying – a lot more than some of these literary types. Because you're a real man!
CHARLIE: And I could tell you some stories –
BARTON: Sure you could! And yet many writers do everything in their power to insulate themselves from the common man – from where they live, from where they trade, from where they fight and love and converse and – and – and... so naturally their work suffers, and regresses into empty formalism and – well, I'm spouting off again, but to put it in your language, the theater becomes as phony as a three dollar bill.
CHARLIE: Yeah, I guess that's tragedy right there.
BARTON: Frequently played, seldom remarked.