JOHNNY: What gives with our boy tonight, Charley? He ain't himself.
CHARLEY: The Joey Doyle thing. You know how he is. Things like that— he exaggerates them. Too much Marquis of Queensbury. It softens 'em up.
JOHNNY: Listen kid, I'm a soft tough too. Ask any rummy on the dock if I'm not good for a fin any time they put the arm on me. But my old lady raised us ten kids on a stinkin' watchman's pension. When I was sixteen I had to beg for work in the hold. I didn't work my way up out of there for nuthin'.
TERRY: I know, Johnny, I know... .
JOHNNY: Takin' over this local, you know it took a little doin'. Some pretty tough fellas were in the way. They left me this— —to remember them by.
CHARLEY: When he got up and chased them they thought it was a dead man coming after them.
JOHNNY: I know what's eatin' you, kid. But I got two thousand dues-payin' members in my local— that's seventy-two thousand a year legitimate and when each one of 'em puts in a couple of bucks a day to make sure they work steady— well, you figure it out. And that's just for openers. We got the fattest piers in the fattest harbor in the world. Everything that moves in and out— we take our cut.
CHARLEY: Why shouldn't we? If we c'n get it we're entitled to it.
JOHNNY: We ain't robbin' pennies from beggars. We cuttin' ourselves in for five-six million a year just on our half a dozen piers— a drop in the bucket compared to the traffic in the harbor. But a mighty sweet little drop, eh, Charley?
CHARLEY: It'll do.
JOHNNY: So look, kid, you don't think we c'n afford to be boxed out of a deal like this— a deal I sweated and bled for— on account of one lousy little cheese-eater, that Doyle bum, who thought he c'd go squealin' to the Crime Commission? Do you?—
JOHNNY: —Do you?
TERRY: Well, no, Johnny, I just thought I should've been told if—
CHARLEY: I make it twentysix twenty-three. You're fifty short, Skins.
JOHNNY: Gimme.
SKINS: I— I musta counted wrong, boss, I—
JOHNNY: Gimme.
JOHNNY: You come from Green Point? Go back to Green Point. You don't work here no more. Here, kid, here's half a bill. Go get your load on.
TERRY: Naw, thanks, Johnny, I don't want it, I—
JOHNNY: Go on— a little present from your Uncle Johnny. And Mac, tomorra mornin' when you shape the men put Terry in the loft. Number one. Every day. Nice easy work. Check in and goof off on the coffee bags. O.K.?
TERRY: Thanks, Johnny... .
CHARLEY: You got a real friend here, kid. Don't forget it.
JOHNNY: Why should he forget it?