JAKE: Good Lord. What happened to you?
JOHN: Just ran into a little trouble.
JAKE: Another accident? You've really got to be more careful. Can I get you a drink?
JOHN: No.
JAKE: Hungry?
JOHN: No.
JAKE: I'm surprised to see you. I thought you'd be halfway to Vegas by now.
JOHN: I had a problem getting my car back.
JAKE: You just seem to attract trouble, don't you?
JOHN: Nice office you've got.
JAKE: I do all right. Real estate isn't a bad game such as it is around here. The trick is to underestimate the price when you buy it, and overvalue when you sell. You can turn a few dollars that way.
JOHN: Isn't that illegal?
JAKE: Now what can I do for you?
JOHN: I was hoping we could talk.
JAKE: Talk? About what?
JOHN: About things. About your wife.
JAKE: Sweet Grace? What about her?
JOHN: About what you said this morning.
JOHN: You said you had an insurance policy out on your wife. Fifty-thousand dollars.
JAKE: I do.
JOHN: You said you'd cut that up with the man who did her in.
JAKE: I did?
JOHN: Don't play simple with me, Jake. You want me to spell it out for you? I'll kill Grace if you cut me in on the money.
JAKE: I think this heat's getting to you the way you're rambling on.
JOHN: I'm not rambling.
JAKE: You're talking like a mad man.
JOHN: You're the one who brought it up. This morning. In your car.
JAKE: That was just loose talk. I don't want anybody dead.
JOHN: Bullshit. You wanted me to kill her.
JAKE: A man doesn't always mean the things he says.
JOHN: You meant it.
JAKE: What makes you say that?
JOHN: Because I think you're a slimy bastard who would have his wife killed just to get his hands on some money.
JAKE: And what does that make you?
JOHN: The slimy bastard who's going to do it for you.
JAKE: Let's say I do want her dead. What is it you want? This morning you weren't a killer.
JOHN: This morning I didn't know how badly I'd want to get out of this fucking town.
JAKE: And for that you'd kill Grace?
JOHN: For that I'd kill a nun on Easter Sunday.
JAKE: Just to get out of here? That doesn't seem much for a murder.
JOHN: How do you put a price on murder?
JAKE: I put it at fifty-thousand dollars, minus your cut, of course. Which is?
JOHN: Make it twenty.
JAKE: Twenty-thousand? I don't have that kind of money. I won't get the insurance until months after she's dead. I don't imagine you'll want to be around after poor Grace's demise. Twenty-thousand; that's more money than I could ever get my hands on.
JOHN: How much could you get?
JAKE: Maybe . . . ten-thousand. And that's a maybe.
JOHN: I need thirteen.
JAKE: That's a bit much.
JOHN: You're not buying a car, for Christ sake. You're having your wife killed. I'm the one who's neck is stuck out. It's thirteen, or it's nothing.
JAKE: You drive a hard bargain, but I had a feeling you were my boy when I met you.
JOHN: I'm not your boy, Jake. I don't like you, and I don't like what you are. I got no choice but to do business with you. This is just a nasty little marriage of convenience.
JAKE: Don't say that. I had a marriage of convenience with Grace, and look where that's lead. Well, looks like we got ourselves a pact.
JOHN: Do we shake hands?
JAKE: If you can't trust the man you've hired to kill your wife . . .?
JOHN: I guess I might as well get this done with.
JAKE: The sooner it's over, the sooner you're on your way. Now listen to me: It's got to look like an accident; that's the thing. If it doesn't, then it's no good. I won't get a dime, and it's my neck that'll be on the chopping block while you're living it up somewhere.
JOHN: What should I do?
JAKE: How the hell should I know? I've never had a wife killed before. I guess I should have hired a professional.
JOHN: You want to do this yourself? I don't have to do this, you know.
JAKE: Be quiet, boy. I'm thinking. It can't be done at the house. It should be . . .
JAKE: This is what you do: Go to the house to see her.
JOHN: And tell her what?