CONWAY: Was this your idea?
SONDRA: Yes. Hold this pigeon.
CONWAY: You suggested my being brought here, didn't you? What gave you the idea I'd fit in?
SONDRA: That was easy. I read your books.
CONWAY: Oh, you've read my books. You do more things! What have my books got to do with it?
SONDRA: I saw a man whose life was empty.
CONWAY: A man whose life was empty!
SONDRA: Oh, I know. It was full of this and full of that. But you were accomplishing nothing. You were going nowhere, and you knew it.
SONDRA: As a matter of fact, all I saw was a little boy whistling in the dark.
CONWAY: A little boy whistling in the dark!? Do you realize that there is a British cruiser waiting at Shanghai, smoke pouring out of its funnels, tugging at its moorings, waiting to take Mr. Conway back to London? Do you know that at this minute there are headlines shrieking all over the world the news that Conway is missing? Does that look like a man whose life is empty?
SONDRA: Yes.
CONWAY: You're absolutely right. And I had to come all the way to a pigeon house in Shangri-La to find the only other person in the world who knew it. May I congratulate you?
SONDRA: I really only brought you here to show you my pigeons!
CONWAY: Don't worry about the pigeons. From now on, you can put flutes on my tail and bells on my feet!
CONWAY: There are so many questions I'd like to ask you, I hardly know where to begin.
SONDRA: I'll help you. To begin with, you'd like to know what I'm doing here. Whether I was born here.
CONWAY: Thank you.
SONDRA: Well, I was almost born here. It took place in that wild country beyond the pass. My father and mother were in a party of explorers who got lost and wandered around for a year. When Chang found us, only Father and I were alive. But he was too weak to climb the pass. He died on the way. I was brought up here by Father Perrault himself.
CONWAY: Father Perrault! I envy you. I talked to him last night.
SONDRA: Yes, I know.
CONWAY: Father Perrault. Of course I can't quite get used to this age thing.
SONDRA: I'm thirty.
CONWAY: Oh, you're going to make life very simple.