ACE: Four reels, sevens across, three fifteen-thousand-dollar jackpots? Do you have any idea what the odds are?
WARD: Shoot, it's gotta be in the millions, maybe more.
ACE: Three fuckin' jackpots in twenty minutes? Why didn't you pull the machines? Why didn't you call me?
WARD: Well, it happened so quick. Three guys won. I didn't have a chance to call you.
ACE: You didn't see the scam? You didn't see what was goin' on?
WARD: Well, there's no way to determine that, Sam.
ACE: Yes, there is. An infallible way! They won!
WARD: Well, it's a casino. People gotta win sometimes.
ACE: Hey... Ward, you're pissin' me off. Now, you're insulting my intelligence. What do you think, I'm a fuckin' idiot? You know goddamn well somebody had to get into those machines and set those fuckin' reels.
ACE: The probability on one-four-reel machine is a million and a half to one. On three machines in a row, it's in the billions. It cannot happen... would not happen, you fuckin' momo! What's the matter with you! Didn't you see you were bein' set up on the second win?
WARD: I really think you're -
ACE: You - Wait! You didn't see that you were being set up on the second win?
WARD: I really think you're overreacting in this whole -
ACE: Listen, you fuckin' yokel, I've had it with you. I've been carryin' your ass in this place ever since I got here. Get your ass and get your things and get out of here.
WARD: You're firin' me?
ACE: I'm firin' you? No, I'm not firin' I'm firin' you, you -
WARD: You might regret this, Mr Rothstein.
ACE: I'll regret it even more if I keep you on.
WARD: This is not the way to treat people.
ACE: Listen, if you didn't know you're bein' scammed, you're too fuckin' dumb to keep this job. If you did know, you were in on it. Either way, you're out! Get out! Go on. Let's go.
ACE: I mean, the guy is history as far as I'm concerned. History.
GREEN: But you can't just fire him. Webb's his brother-in-law. He's County Commissioner.
ACE: So what? Everybody out here with cowboy boots is a fuckin' county commissioner or related to a county commissioner. I'm fuckin' sick of it.
GREEN: This is his state. His uncle's Chief Judge. His brother-in-law runs the County Commission. I don't know how many other relatives he's got in town. There's gotta be a way to work him back in.
ACE: Phil, I can understand. You're in the finances, you're upstairs, but you are not on the floor. I got thousands of players. I got five hundred dealers. They're all lookin' to rob me blind, twenty-four hours a day. I have to let them know I'm watching all the details, all the time; that there is not one single thing I will not catch as I am over here.
ACE: Look at yours.
GREEN: What?
ACE: Look at that. Look at this. There's nothin'... look how many blueberries your muffin has and how many mine has. Yours is falling apart. I have nothing.
GREEN: What are you talking about?
ACE: It's like everything else in this place. You don't do it yourself, it never gets done.