ROMEO: Banishment? Be merciful, say death; for exile hath more terror in his look much more than death. Do not say Banishment.
ROMEO: Affliction is enamoured of thy parts, and thou art wedded to calamity. Hence from Verona art thou banished. Be patient, for the world is broad and wide.
ROMEO: There is no world without Verona walls, hence banished is banished from the world and worlds exile is death. Then banished is death mis-termed. Calling death banished, thou cu'st my head off with a golden axe and smiles upon the stroke that murders me.
FATHER LAWRENCE: O deadly sin, O rude unthankfulness! This is dear mercy and thou sees it not. Hence!
NURSE: I come for my lady Juliet.
FATHER LAWRENCE: Welcome.
NURSE: Where is my Lady's lord?
FATHER LAWRENCE: Romeo, come forth.
ROMEO: Nurse.
NURSE: Sir. Ah, sir. Death the end of all
NURSE: O, she says nothing sir, but weeps and weeps, and then on Romeo cries and then falls down again.
ROMEO: As if that name, Shot from the deadly level of a gun did murder her, as that name's cursed hand did murder her kinsman.
FATHER LAWRENCE: I thought thy disposition better tempered! Thy Juliet is alive. There art thou happy. The law that threatened death becomes thy friend and turns it to exile. There art thou happy. A Pack of blessings light upon thy back. Wherefore railest thou on thy birth the heaven and earth? Since birth and heaven and earth all three do meet in thee at once.
NURSE: Sir, a ring my lady bid me give you.
ROMEO: How well my comfort is revived by this.
FATHER LAWRENCE: Hie you make haste! But look thou stay not till the watch be set, for then thou canst not pass to Mantua where thau shalt live till we can find a time to blaze you marriage, reconcile your friends, beg pardon of the Prince and call thee back with twenty hundred times more joy, than thou wentst forth in lamentation. Quick hence! Be gone by break of day! Sojourn in Mantua.
ROMEO: Farewell.
JULIET: O God. Did Romeo's hand shed Tybalt's blood? O serpent heart hid with a flowering face. Was ever book containing such vile matter's so fairly bound? O, that deceit should dwell in such a gorgeous palace.
GLORIA: She'll not come down tonight.