PARKER: You're wasting your time. I'm not going to play any more of your goddam games.
COX: Parker Barnes, I'd like you to meet Crime Czar Elizabeth Deane.
PARKER: It's too early in the morning for me to be cordial. You got any coffee?
DEANE: I watched your simulation, Mr. Barnes. Very impressive. You know, you're the only one to ever go up against Sid 6.7 who is still alive.
PARKER: Only because I got pulled out early.
DEANE: Nobody else ever got anywhere near him. Nobody else... understands him like you do.
COX: These were taken inside LETAC an hour ago. Pretty pictures, aren't they?
PARKER: I've seen worse.
COX: Name was Clyde Reilly. Hardware specialist. LETAC surveillance cameras got a picture of the perp as he left the building.
COX: We don't know how, but Sid 6.7 made himself into an android.
DEANE: You mean a nano—tech synthetic organism.
COX: Whatever.
PARKER: Jesus Christ. Can you kill it?
COX: If you can catch him.
DEANE: Think you can do it?
PARKER: Not from in here.
DEANE: This is a full pardon. It authorizes your immediate release.
COX: Recognize this? How would you like your old job back?
DEANE: Catch him and your record's clean.
PARKER: What happens if I can't catch him?
DEANE: If Sid 6.7 hasn't killed you, we throw you back in here and you serve out the rest of your sentence.
PARKER: How do you know I won't run?
DEANE: This is the newest technology approved for general implementation. It's called a locater implant. Every parolee gets one. We're going to know where you are every second for the rest of your life.
COX: If you try to run, I'll hunt you down and kill you myself.
DEANE: Yes or no, Mr. Barnes?
COX: There's already a task force out looking for Lindenmeyer. Every other officer in the city will be hunting Sid right along with you.
DEANE: But only you will know he's not human.
MADISON: Ms. Deane, you wanted to see me?
DEANE: We have an emergency situation which requires somebody with expertise in criminal psychology. Under the authority vested in me by the President, I'm giving you temporary re—assignment.
MADISON: What's the assignment?
DEANE: You're going to put your theories to practice. I'm sending you into the field.