BETTY: Funny, I never thought of you that way. You were so close too. We were all pretty stupid about you.
BRANDON: Including Killaine.
BETTY: Including Killaine...I still can't think of you that way.
BRANDON: I told you my father died in jail. He stole a fortune. Most of it pretty dirty money. I don't care to have that known.
BETTY: Larry Mitchell found out. So you killed him.
BRANDON: In a way.
BETTY: If it was an accident, you could have told the truth.
BRANDON: So could you. But our records were a little against us.
BETTY: What your father did doesn't condemn you.
BRANDON: Nobody believed I wasn't in on it. I was just a dumb-smart collage boy, and he was my father. I thought it was a legitimate business. He was a politician, with fingers in a lot of pies. I never saw the pies. They had names. For the record. Innocent names. You know where that kind of money comes from, don't you?
BETTY: The money that makes you Mr. Clark Brandon. Let's you live in a penthouse, on top of the Vancouver Royal. Lets you own a cruiser. Lets you do as you please, go where you please. You big, open-handed, generous guy. That's the kind of money it takes, isn't it?
BRANDON: It buys things, just like any other kind.
BETTY: That man that was following us last night--he didn't come back this morning. I'm beginning to wonder about him, too. Was he really following me--or you?
BRANDON: No. I paid him off.
BETTY: He'll come back...They always come back when you give them money.
BRANDON: Not this one. And not Mitchell.
BETTY: You-killed-him?
BRANDON: Magruder obliged me. No use my saying it wasn't planned that way. I had to clean up. I'm not a dumb- smart college boy anymore. Nobody in the world would believe I didn't plan the whole thing.
BETTY: I guess I'm a little screwy. Maybe I could believe it. Should I try?
BRANDON: Don't go soft on me, baby. I've got your note in my pocket. You wrote it, all by your own self. And I have to use it. It has to be found in exactly the right place.
BETTY: So that I will never be found.