CLERK: Danger Powers, personal effects.
AUSTIN: Actually, my name's Austin Powers.
CLERK: It says here, name Danger Powers.
AUSTIN: Danger's my middle name.
CLERK: OK, Austin Danger Powers: One blue crushed-velvet suit. One frilly lace cravat. One gold medallion with peace symbol. One pair of Italian shoes. One pair of tie-dyed socks, purple. One vinyl recording album: Tom Jones, Live at Las Vegas. One Swedish-made penis enlarger pump.
AUSTIN: That's not mine.
CLERK: One credit card receipt for Swedish- made penis enlarger pump, signed Austin Powers.
AUSTIN: I'm telling you, baby, that's not mine.
CLERK: One warranty card for Swedish-made penis enlarger pump, filled out by Austin Powers.
AUSTIN: I don't even know what this is. This sort of thing ain't my bag, baby.
CLERK: One book: Swedish-Made Penis Enlarger Pumps and Me: This Sort of Thing Is My Bag, Baby, by Austin Powers.
AUSTIN: OK, OK, man, don't get heavy, I'll sign. Just to get things moving, baby.
VANESSA: Listen, Mr. Powers, I look forward to working with you, but do me a favor and stop calling me baby. You can address me as Agent Kensington. We have to leave immediately. We've preserved your private jet just as you left it. It's waiting at Heathrow Airport.
AUSTIN: My jumbo jet? Smashing baby.
AUSTIN: Pretty groovy Jumbo Jet, eh? How does a hot chick like you end up working at the Ministry of Defense?
VANESSA: I went to Oxford and excelled in several subjects, but I ended up specializing in foreign languages. I wanted to travel -- see the world. In my last year I was accepted into the M.O.D. in the Cultural Studies sector. I thought I was off on an exciting career, but my job was to read everything printed in every country. It's very boring. My whole day is spent reading wedding announcements in Farsi. If I do well with this case, I finally get promoted to field operative...
AUSTIN: That's fascinating, Vanessa. Listen, why don't we go into the back and shag?
VANESSA: I beg your pardon?
AUSTIN: I've been frozen for thirty years, man, I want to see if my bits and pieces are still working.
VANESSA: Excuse me?
AUSTIN: My wedding tackle.
VANESSA: I'm sorry?
AUSTIN: My meat and two veg.
VANESSA: Mr. Powers, please. I know that you must be a little confused, but we have a very serious situation at hand. I would appreciate it if you'd concentrate on our mission and give your libido a rest.
AUSTIN: Have you ever made love to a Chigro?
VANESSA: A Chigro?
AUSTIN: You know, a Chigro... part Chinese, part Negro... Chigro.
VANESSA: We don't use the term 'Negro' anymore. It's considered offensive.
AUSTIN: That's right. You're supposed to say 'colored' now, right? Here's the stewardesses! Bring on the sexy stews!