MULDER: What is it?
WELL-MANICURED MAN: A weak vaccine against the virus Agent Scully has been infected with. It must be administered with ninety six hours.
MULDER: You're lying.
WELL-MANICURED MAN: No. Though I have no way to prove otherwise. The virus is extraterrestrial. We know very little about it, except that it is the original inhabitant of this planet.
MULDER: A virus?
WELL-MANICURED MAN: A simple, unstoppable lifeform. What is a virus but a colonizing force that cannot be defeated? Living in a cave, underground, until it mutates. And attacks.
MULDER: This is what you've been conspiring to conceal? A disease?
WELL-MANICURED MAN: No! For God sake you've got it all backwards.
WELL-MANICURED MAN: Aids, the ebola virus -- on the evolutionary scale they are newborns. This virus walked the planet long before the dinosaurs.
MULDER: What do you mean, walked?
WELL-MANICURED MAN: Your aliens, Agent Mulder, your little green men, first landed here millions of years ago. Those that didn't leave have been laying dormant underground since the last Ice Age. In the form of an evolved pathogen. Waiting to be reconstituted when the alien race from which it came returns to colonize the planet. Using us as hosts. Against this we have no defense. Nothing but a weak vaccine. Do you see why it was kept secret? Why even the best men -- men like your father -- could not let the truth be known?
WELL-MANICURED MAN: Until Dallas, we believed the virus was simply a controlling organism. That mass infection would make us a slave race.
MULDER: That's why you bombed the building. The infected firemen, the boy --
WELL-MANICURED MAN: Imagine our surprise when they began to gestate. My group has been working cooperatively with the alien colonists, facilitating their programs. To give us access to the virus. In false hope we might be able to secretly find a cure. So that we might save ourselves, as the last of the species. Your father wisely refused to believe this, choosing hope over selfishness. Hope is the only future he had: his children, The only future any of us have.
MULDER: But... he sacrificed his own daughter. My sister, Samantha.
WELL-MANICURED MAN: The only true survivors of the viral holocaust will be those immune to it: those vaccinated against it and human/alien hybrids. Your father arranged for your sister's abduction. He allowed her to be taken to an alien hybrid program, so that she would survive. As a clone. He had different hopes for you. That you would uncover the truth about the Project. That you would stop it. That you would fight the future.
MULDER: Why are you telling me this?
WELL-MANICURED MAN: I thought it only fair you should know, given how hard you've worked.
MULDER: What happened to Kurtzweil?
WELL-MANICURED MAN: As your father knew, things need to be sacrificed to the future.
MULDER: Where is he?
WELL-MANICURED MAN: Dr. Kurtzweil is in the trunk.
MULDER: Let me out. Stop the car.
WELL-MANICURED MAN: Driver.