NUMBER TWO: We also own the Franklin mint, which makes decorative hand-painted theme plates for collectors. Some plates, like the Gone With The Wind series, have gone up in value as much as two-hundred and forty percent, but, as with any investment, there is some risk involved.
DR. EVIL: Gentlemen, I have a plan. It's called blackmail. The Royal Family of Britain are the wealthiest landowners in the world. Either the Royal Family pays us an exorbitant amount of money, or we make it look like Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, has had an affair outside of marriage and, therefore, they would have to divorce.
NUMBER TWO: Um, Dr. Evil, Prince Charles did have an affair. He admitted it, and they are now divorced, actually.
DR. EVIL: People have to tell me these things. I've been frozen for thirty years, throw me a bone here. OK, no problem. Here's my second plan. Back in the Sixties I had a weather changing machine that was in essence a sophisticated heat beam which we called a laser." Using this laser
NUMBER TWO: Umm, that also has already happened.
DR. EVIL: Right. Oh, hell, let's just do what we always do. Let's hijack some nuclear weapons and hold the world hostage. Gentlemen, it's come to my attention that a breakaway Russian Republic called Kreplachistan will be transferring a nuclear warhead to the United Nations in a few days. Here's the plan. We get the warhead, and we hold the world ransom... ...FOR ONE MILLION DOLLARS!
NUMBER TWO: Don't you think we should ask for more than a million dollars? A million dollars isn't that much money these days.
DR. EVIL: All right then... ...FIVE MILLION DOLLARS!
NUMBER TWO: Virtucon alone makes over nine billion dollars a year.
DR. EVIL: Oh, really? One-hundred billion dollars. OK, make it happen. Anything else?
FRAU FARBISSINA: Remember when we froze your semen, you said that if it looked like you weren't coming back to try and make you a son so that a part of you would live forever?
DR. EVIL: Yes.
FRAU FARBISSINA: Well, after a few years, we got sort of impatient. Dr. Evil, I want you to meet your son.
DR. EVIL: My son?
FRAU FARBISSINA: Yes. Scott!
SCOTT EVIL: Hi.
DR. EVIL: Hello, Scott. I'm your father, Dr. Evil. I have a son! I have a son! Everyone, I have a son! Someday, Scott, this will all be yours.
SCOTT EVIL: I haven't seen you my whole life and now you show up and want a relationship? I hate you!
AUSTIN: You've preserved my Jag! Smashing!
VANESSA: Yes, we've had it retrofitted with a secure cellular phone, an on-board computer, and a Global Geosynchronous Positioning Device. Oh, and finally, this.
AUSTIN: Let me guess. The floss is garotte wire, the toothpaste contains plastic explosives, and the toothbrush is the detonation device.
VANESSA: No, actually. I don't know how to put this really. Well, there have been fabulous advances in the field of dentistry.
AUSTIN: Why? What's wrong with my teeth?