JOHN C. MCCAY: Zachory ! My boy, how goes the carnage down on 44 ?
ZACH: Not that well sir. I believe we have a few too many soft hearts in the building. Did we aquire a bank from Chicago or a charity ?
JOHN C. MCCAY: Relax, son. They'll learn in time that you don't fuck with First Bank. This is the real deal and we aim to keep it strong. My Daddy always told me that Only The Strong Survive.
ZACH: I thought that was Darwin, sir. Or perhaps Nietzsche ?
JOHN C. MCCAY: Perhaps it was. I was in boarding school for so many years, it's hard to remember. Do you have the tape of the latest exploits from my favorite hobby ?
ZACH: Yes sir, I do. Last night's, fresh from the Park.
JOHN C. MCCAY: I have to say, that I am glad you are such an amazing kiss ass.
ZACH: Thank you , sir. Sir, may I ask you a question ?
JOHN C. MCCAY: Of course.
ZACH: While I am not morally against these little, shall we say hobbies"
JOHN C. MCCAY: Zach, how old are you, son ?
ZACH: I am thirty two.
JOHN C. MCCAY: And how much do we pay you annually ?
ZACH: I make roughly four hundred thousand a year.
JOHN C. MCCAY: Zach my boy, I can spend your yearly salary in a blink. I have had that kind of money all of my life. If I wanted to, I could fly to Paris for the afternoon. My father formed this company over seventy years ago. When my brother became mentally challenged, it was put in my charge. Now running a bank of this size is very stressful. I need to relax on what little down time I have. A yacht club will not quite make my blood pressure decline. Understand ?
ZACH: Yes sir.
JOHN C. MCCAY: I have entrusted you with a great many things. In your tenure with this company you have seen and heard things that could upset the very economic world in which we live. I think this kind of loyalty should be rewarded.
ZACH: Thank you, sir.
ZACH: Thank you, sir. I was really hoping for shares, or possibly cash... but this, this is really personal.
JOHN C. MCCAY: Son, let's watch the tape.
JOHN C. MCCAY: That was rather.... disappointing.
ZACH: I had suggested that they tone down the program so that the guests" might take longer to expire."
JOHN C. MCCAY: I want more action. I want to see more ingenuity than that. I want to see the injured man out wit the machines !
ZACH: But sir, most of the people we are putting into the Park" are accountants that embezzle or investment bankers. They are not known for their physical or intellectual prowess."
JOHN C. MCCAY: I don't believe Ol' Bruce is having as much fun with this as he once did. He still insists on the guests" being of the more nefarious type."
ZACH: That's right, sir. He does a thorough background check and if he finds them to be criminal or guilty of embezzlement, then he will put them in the park. He has refused the last three suggested guests"."
JOHN C. MCCAY: What about that time when the mail room kid was accused of stealing and we put him in the Park" ? Wasn't that a computer glitch ?"
ZACH: Yes sir. It turns out we put an innocent man into the park" and he was not the one who stole from the stamp machine. That is also about the time when Bruce began refusing."
JOHN C. MCCAY: That mail room kid was the longest lasting guest" yet ! Maybe we can alter the computer records and make another "guest" from the more athletic of our staff."
ZACH: Bruce may still refuse. It is my belief that he is becoming more belligerent.
JOHN C. MCCAY: I propose we consider a hostile take over. Perhaps Ol' Bruce is in need of a new job opportunity.
ZACH: What do you mean sir ?
JOHN C. MCCAY: What if we were to put Bruce into the Park as a Guest ?
ZACH: Sir ?
JOHN C. MCCAY: I'll bet that would be the Park run of the century !
ZACH: Sir, he created the Park. He would know how to circumvent any of the traps.
JOHN C. MCCAY: I'm willing to bet that even the creator can't out wit his creation.
ZACH: What then sir ? What would we do with the park with out Bruce ?
JOHN C. MCCAY: Do you think the assistant, what's his name...
ZACH: John, sir.
JOHN C. MCCAY: Yes, do you think he would like a raise and a new position ?
ZACH: Sir, this is not like firing any employee. We can't predict what will happen.
JOHN C. MCCAY: That my boy, is the best part. Life on top of the world is boring... predictable. If I wanted life without chances, I never would have paid for Murderland. Now go. Make a formal proposal and see about the assistant. Find out if it's viable.
MATTHEW: Come on, I'm serious. Look at Wilma. She's this frail little thing, and Fred, I mean Fred Flintstone is this BIG guy. He has to be hung like a horse, and THAT's why Wilma puts up with his B.S.
SAUNDRA: I've never heard the Flintstones reduced to a sexual exploitation quite like that. You're funny.
MATTHEW: Listen, I was thinking, you know. Would you go, it's I think you're...
SAUNDRA: Do you want to go out with me ?
MATTHEW: It's sounds so much better when you say it. I'm semi traditional here, and it's important that I ask. Will you go out with me ?
SAUNDRA: Yes.
MATTHEW: Really ? On a date ?
SAUNDRA: Yes.
MATTHEW: This is too easy, I mean I had a speech prepared, then I even wore these pants because I could get on my knees to grovel.
SAUNDRA: As appealing as that sounds...
MATTHEW: Dinner at my place then ? Say, seven o'clock ?
SAUNDRA: Sure.