SOMERSET: What's so exciting?
JOHN DOE: It's not too far away now.
JOHN DOE: I... I doubt I enjoyed it any more than... Detective Mills would enjoy some time alone with me in a room without windows. Isn't that true? How happy would it make you to hurt me, with impunity?
MILLS: Now... I wouldn't do something like that, Johnny. I like you. I like you a lot.
JOHN DOE: You wouldn't because you know there are consequences. It's in those eyes of yours, though... nothing wrong with a man taking pleasure in his work. I won't deny my own personal desire to turn each sin against the sinner. I only took their sins to logical conclusions.
MILLS: You only killed a bunch of innocent people so you could get your rocks off. That's all.
JOHN DOE: Innocent? Is that supposed to be funny? Look at the people I killed. An obese man, a disgusting man who could barely stand up... who if you saw him on the street, you'd point so your friends could mock him along with you. Who if you saw him while you were eating, you wouldn't be able to finish your meal. After him I picked the lawyer. And, you both must have been secretly thanking me for that one. This was a man who dedicated his life to making money by lying with every breath he could muster... to keeping rapists and murderers on the streets.
MILLS: Murderers?
JOHN DOE: A woman...
MILLS: Murderers like you?
JOHN DOE: A woman... so ugly on the inside that she couldn't bare to go on living if she couldn't be beautiful on the outside. A drug dealer... a drug dealing pederast, actually. And, don't forget the disease spreading whore. Only in a world this shitty could you even try to say these were innocent people and keep a straight face. That's the point. You see a deadly sin on almost every street corner, and in every home, literally. And we tolerate it. Because it's common, it seems trivial, and we tolerate, all day long, morning, noon and night. Not anymore. I'm setting the example, and it's going to be puzzled over and studied and followed, from now on.
MILLS: Delusions of grandeur.
JOHN DOE: You should be thanking me.
MILLS: And, why is that?
JOHN DOE: You're going to be remembered, and it's all because of me. And, the only reason I'm here right now is because I wanted to be.
MILLS: We would have gotten you eventually.
JOHN DOE: Really? Just biding your time, then? Toying with me. Is that it? Letting five people die until you finally felt like going out and hauling me in?
JOHN DOE: Tell me what it was that gave me away. What was the piece of evidence you were going to use against me right before I walked up to YOU and put my hands in the air.
MILLS: I seem to remember knocking on your door.
JOHN DOE: And, I remember breaking your nose. You're only alive because I didn't kill you.
MILLS: Sit back.