ROSE: Progress!
LILA: Ouch. Yeah?
ROSE: Oh yes, honey. Getting to be smooth smooth smooth all over. Smooth as a baby's butt.
LILA: I love it, Rose. I'm getting to be a real girl.
ROSE: You still in the market for a real boy?
LILA: Always. Ow.
ROSE: Cause there's this guy. My brother knows him. Might be right up your alley.
LILA: Tell me. I could use someone up my alley.
ROSE: I don't get that. Is that sexual?
LILA: Shut up and tell me.
ROSE: Handsome, thirties, psychologist...
LILA: Loves animals? Ouch. Must love animals, Rose.
ROSE: Loves animals. Loves you.
LILA: What do you mean?
ROSE: Somehow it came up that you were a friend of mine. Mr. handsome, animal- loving psychologist said he would love to meet you.
LILA: Holy shit. Your brother didn't tell him about the nature of our relationship, did he?
ROSE: My brother is discreet.
LILA: Won't he be able to tell?
ROSE: My brother says the guy's a thirty- five year old virgin, so maybe he won't know how women usually feel. Plus he's got bad eyesight, almost legally blind, which is helpful in this situation. Plus he's got an extremely small penis, of which he is mortifyingly ashamed"
LILA: God, he must be really close to your brother to tell him such personal stuff.
ROSE: Yeah, well my brother is his shrink.
NATHAN: Meditations on a Banana Slug was a delightful read.
LILA: Thank you so much. I love slugs. All slugs, not just banana slugs.
NATHAN: As do I.
LILA: They're so even keel. They forge ahead with slow determination. They don't get distracted or side-tracked. They don't care what they look like. They don't care that people look at them and go, Ewww. A slug.""
NATHAN: They don't seem to be especially ego driven, this is true.
LILA: You've got to respect that.
NATHAN: I have to say that I'm not there yet.
LILA: Where?
NATHAN: Slugdom. Sluggishness. Whatever you'd call it. I'm not there yet. I still have many human characteristics.
LILA: That's not necessarily a bad thing.
NATHAN: Yes. I suppose not. But still. One would like to move along. To move beyond.
LILA: I'm not sure we can escape our natures. Believe me I've tried. I'm not even so sure anymore that we should want to.
NATHAN: I love that you said that. It makes me feel a bit lighter. I've been rather heavy lately. Thinking about my childhood. Realizing how much a product I am of my upbringing. I've been seeing someone. A therapist.
LILA: You are a therapist, right?
NATHAN: No no. I'm a psychologist, but I do research. I'm a behaviorist. I work with animals. Mice at the moment.
LILA: I hope you don't perform any of those dreadful torture experiments, Nathan.
NATHAN: Heavens no. My work now is... Right now I'm teaching mice... well, table manners, to be candid.
LILA: How's it going?
NATHAN: Quite well, really. It's a lot of work. A lot of reinforcement, mostly positive. Right now I've gotten two of my subjects to use napkins. Tiny napkins of course.
LILA: Paper or cloth?
NATHAN: I hope you don't think me daft. It's important work. It's part of a larger sociological experiment. I'm federally funded.
LILA: What's the larger experiment?
NATHAN: It's my thesis that if table manners can be taught to mice, they can be taught to humans.
LILA: Going out on a limb, aren't you, Nathan?
NATHAN: The truth is most people don't have table manners today. And when the foundations of civilized society crumble and disappear, civilized society in its entirely follows closely at its heels.
LILA: I'm not sure.
NATHAN: Courtesy, decorum, manners, are all sadly lacking from our daily intercourse. Rudeness, vulgarity, meanness are the norm.
LILA: We are animals after all.
NATHAN: Ergo if I can teach table manners to mice, I can teach them to humans. If I can teach table manners to humans, I can save the world.
ROSE: So?
LILA: I really like him, Rose. He's so... ...passionate about his work.
ROSE: My brother says he likes you, too.
LILA: Really?
ROSE: Yeah. Says he likes you even more than he likes his own mother. And according to my brother Nathan's abormally close with his mother.