SIMON: We want you to give us your opinion on some clothes for teenagers.
GEORGE: Oh, by all means, I'd be quite prepared for that eventuality.
SIMON: Well, not your real opinion, naturally. It'll be written out and you'll learn it. Can he read?
GEORGE: Of course I can.
SIMON: I mean lines, ducky, can you handle lines?
GEORGE: I'll have a bash.
SIMON: Good. Hart, get him whatever it is they drink, a cokearama?
GEORGE: Ta.
SIMON: Well, at least he's polite. Tony Show him the shirts, Adrian.
SIMON: Now, you'll like these. You really dig" them. They're "fab" and all the other pimply hyperboles."
GEORGE: I wouldn't be seen dead in them. They're dead grotty.
SIMON: Grotty?
GEORGE: Yeah, grotesque.
SIMON: Make a note of that word and give it to Susan. I think it's rather touching really. Here's this kid trying to give me his utterly valueless opinion when I know for a fact within four weeks he'll be suffering from a violent inferiority complex and loss of status if he isn't wearing one of these nasty things. Of course they're grotty, you wretched nit, that's why they were designed, but that's what you'll want.
GEORGE: But I won't.
SIMON: You can be replaced you know, chicky baby.
GEORGE: I don't care.
SIMON: And that pose is out too, Sunny Jim. The new thing is to care passionately, and be right wing. Anyway, you won't meet Susan if you don't cooperate.
GEORGE: And who's this Susan when she's at home?
SIMON: Only Susan Campey, our resident teenager. You'll have to love her. She's your symbol.
GEORGE: Oh, you mean that posh bird who gets everything wrong?
SIMON: I beg your pardon?
GEORGE: Oh, yes, the lads frequently gather round the T.V. set to watch her for a giggle. Once we even all sat down and wrote these letters saying how gear she was and all that rubbish.
SIMON: She's a trend setter. It's her profession!
GEORGE: She's a drag. A well-known drag. We turn the sound down on her and say rude things.
SIMON: Get him out of here!!
GEORGE: Have I said something amiss?
SIMON: Get him out of here. He's knocking the programme's image!!