JOSEPHINE: Really.
EDWARD: You're lucky to get four words out of them in English. But if you were to walk through the jungle, you'd hear them speaking the most elaborate French. Those parrots talk about everything: politics, movies, fashion -- everything but religion.
WILL: Why not religion, Dad?
EDWARD: It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend.
WILL: Josephine actually went to the Congo last year.
EDWARD: Oh, so you know.
WILL: Mom, would you say you understand Dad?
SANDRA: Of course.
WILL: What I mean is, do you really know what's going on in his head?
SANDRA: Yes.
WILL: How is that possible? I mean, you try to ask him a question and suddenly it's another one of his stories. You can't honestly say you know him.
SANDRA: Yes, Will, I do. And don't presume things you don't know.
SANDRA: Would you say you understand Josephine?
WILL: Yes. But that's a different...
SANDRA: No it's not. It's exactly the same. Your father and I met, we dated, and we married -- we chose each other -- because we understood each other on some fundamental level. Just the same as you two.
WILL: Josephine and I have a lot in common.
SANDRA: Yes, you both think William Bloom is a very smart man. The problem is, you only see me as your mother, and not as someone's wife. And I've been his wife longer than I've been your mother. You can't discount that.
WILL: True. But I've known him my whole life, and I don't feel like I know him at all. Or ever will.
SANDRA: I know it's not easy. Just remember, he didn't choose to be your father and you didn't choose to be his son. You just ended up together. You could pick numbers out of a dark bag and it'd be just the same. If you ask me, it's a wonder parents and children can stand each other at all.
WILL: But I understand you, Mom. I always have.
SANDRA: Well, clearly you don't. But I'm not the mystery you're trying to solve right now.
SANDRA: Before I forget, your father has papers in the basement I'd like you to go through. I wouldn't know what's important.
WILL: Mom, do you know who that is? Blonde hair.
SANDRA: Was she one of your teachers?
WILL: No. But it's weird. She seemed to recognize me.
SANDRA: Do you know who that is?