CASY: Say, ain't you young Tom Joad--ol' Tom's boy?
TOM: Yeah. On my way home now.
CASY: Well, I do declare! I baptized you, son.
TOM: Why, you're the preacher!
CASY: *Used* to be. Not no more. I lost the call. But boy, I sure *used* to have it! I'd get an irrigation ditch so squirmin' full of repented sinners I pretty near *drowned* half of 'em! But not no more. I lost the sperit.
TOM: Pa always said you was never cut out to be a preacher.
CASY: I got nothin' to preach about no more--that's all. I ain't so sure o' things.
TOM: Maybe you should a got yourself a wife.
CASY: At my meetin's I used to get the girls glory-shoutin' till they about passed out. Then, I'd go to comfort 'em--and always end up by lovin' 'em. I'd feel bad, an' pray, an' pray, but it didn't do no good. Next time, do it again. I figgered there just wasn't no hope for me.
TOM: I never let one go by me when I could catch her.
CASY: But you wasn't a preacher. A girl was just a girl to you. But to me they was holy vessels. I was savin' their souls. I ast myself--what *is* this call, the Holy Sperit? Maybe *that's* love. Why, I love everybody so much I'm fit to bust sometimes! So maybe there ain't no sin an' there ain't no virtue. There's just what people do. Some things folks do is nice, and some ain't so nice. But that's as far as any man's got a right to say.
TOM: Have a little snort?
CASY: Course I'll say grace if somebody sets out the food-- --but my heart ain't in it. Nice drinkin' liquor.
TOM: Ought to be. That's fact'ry liquor. Cost me a buck.
CASY: Been out travelin' around?
TOM: Didn't you hear? It was in the papers.
CASY: No, I never. What?
TOM: I been in the penitentiary for four years.
CASY: Excuse me for asking.
TOM: I don't mind any more. I'd do what I done again. I killed a guy at a dance. We was drunk. He got a knife in me and I laid him out with a shovel. Knocked his head plumb to squash.
CASY: And you ain't ashamed?
TOM: He had a knife in me. That's why they only gave me seven years. Got out in four--parole.
CASY: Ain't you seen your folks since then?
TOM: No, but I aim to before sundown. Gettin' kind of excited about it, too. Which way you going?
CASY: It don't matter. Ever since I lost the sperit it looks like I just as soon go one way as the other. I'll go your way.
TOM: Maybe Ma'll have pork for supper. I ain't had pork but four times in four years--every Christmas.
CASY: I'll be glad to see you pa. Last time I seen him was at a baptizin', an' he had one a the bigges' doses of the Holy Sperit I ever seen. He go to jumpin' over bushes, howlin' like a dog-wolf in moon-time. Fin'ly he picks hisself out a bush big as a piana an' he let out a squawk an' took a run at that bush. Well, sir, he cleared her but he bust his leg snap in two. They was a travellin' dentist there and he set her, an' I give her a prayin' over, but they wasn't no more Holy Sperit in your pa after that.
TOM: Lissen. This wind's fixin't to *do* somepin'!
CASY: Shore it is. It always is, this time a year.
CASY: Is it fur?
TOM: Just around that next bend.
CASY: Your granma was a great one, too. The third time she got religion she go it so powerful she knocked down a full-growed deacon with her fist.
TOM: That's our place.