MOTHER: Don't worry, honey, you'll find something.
ROSE: I was offered that job as a waitress.
MOTHER: Forget about it, I don't want you working in one of those honky tonks.
ROSE: Hi, Buddy. How's my sweetheart who never told on me when I was bad?
BUDDY: Okay.
ROSE: Makin' homes for purple martins, huh? We had 'em on the farm. They're the prettiest things. That's what I wish I was, a bird. Just fly around catch bugs and have a lot of fun.
BUDDY: What are you going to do, Rose?
ROSE: Take a little walk with me, huh?
ROSE: I guess I'll work as a waitress, Buddy. I done that before and it got me in worse trouble than you could know, but I can't stay here no more. Why did you get rid of your rabbits, Buddy?
BUDDY: They're dumb things. I got tired of them.
ROSE: Did you know when I was a child we had pretty near five hundred rabbits?
BUDDY: Five hundred rabbits?
ROSE: Yep, we had 'em in orange crates all over. It was Daddy's dream. He was goin' to get rich raisin' rabbits. It was what killed Daddy. He didn't drown hisself till a long time later after Momma and Lunette died of typhoid, but it was them rabbits what killed him.
BUDDY: How did the rabbits kill him?
ROSE: He thought he could sell 'em, but nobody but country folks eat rabbits, Buddy, and they ain't got no money. We had to eat them dern rabbits our own selves. Every dern one, and it took about four years to eat 'em all up.
BUDDY: Well, that doctor said you got protein somewhere and I guess he was right.
ROSE: Boy did I get sick of rabbit. But later on after Momma died and Daddy wasn't doin' nothin' but drinkin', I sure would of been glad for a little rabbit stew. You know, I oughtn't to of told you about what Daddy done when I was a child. Until them rabbits ruined him, he was a real good man, Buddy.
BUDDY: What was your mother like?
ROSE: A saint just like your own mother. She's up in heaven right now, her and Lunette, there ain't no doubt about it.
BUDDY: Maybe it was eating all those rabbits that made you sexy, Rose.
ROSE: Buddy, sex don't mean a thing to me. It ain't nothin' but a mosquito bite. I'll tell you a secret. Girls don't want sex, Buddy, girls want love.
DADDY: It's twenty after one.
MOTHER: I don't understand it. Even in the wild days she was never as late as this.
DADDY: I'm afraid it's my fault. I made her feel guilty this morning -- Brother, what are you doing up?
BUDDY: I heard you talking. Hasn't Rose come in?
DADDY: No, she hasn't. I think I hear a car.