BUD: I knew Stensland and Meeks knew each other. Meeks was with Sue Lefferts on Christmas Eve. The night I met Lynn. Lefferts' mother I.D.ed Stensland as Lefferts' boyfriend, but Stens pretended he didn't know either one of them.
EXLEY: Stensland and Meeks. What were they up to?
BUD: Johnny Stompanato told me when Meeks disappeared, he was trying to move the 18 pounds of heroin that went missing when Deuce Perkins was shot.
EXLEY: <u>Stensland and Buzz Meeks</u>. Two-man triggers knocking off Mickey Cohen lieutenants. When they killed Deuce Perkins, they got heroin as a bonus.
BUD: Then something goes wrong. Meeks gets killed. Maybe Stens got greedy, killed Meeks and left him under his girlfriend's house. The night he died, Stens was all mysterious. Said he had something big going down.
EXLEY: The Nite Owl! Stensland was going there to sell the heroin.
BUD: Somebody got wind of it, killed them all.
EXLEY: It wasn't the Negroes. The Griffith Park report was a phony. And, who says the purple Merc was spotted outside the Nite Owl?
BUD: Dudley.
EXLEY: The first guys to the car when Jack and I got there were Bruening and Carlisle.
BUD: Dudley's guys.
EXLEY: They didn't find the shotguns. They planted them.
BUD: It all keeps coming back to Dudley.
EXLEY: It's Dudley for the Nite Owl.
EXLEY: Pierce Patchett figures in, too. That's the angle Jack was working. Dudley must work for Patchett.
BUD: Let's just kill them.
EXLEY: What?
BUD: For Jack, for Stensland, for anybody else who got in the way. I've been trying to be smart. A detective. But killing those two fuckers, that would be justice.
EXLEY: Stay smart, Bud. We build a case. We play by the rules.
BUD: There are no rules! Why the fuck are you doing this? The Nite Owl made you. You want to tear all that down.
EXLEY: With a wrecking ball. You want to help me swing it?
EXLEY: Let's go see Pierce Patchett. Run a good-cop-bad-cop.
BUD: Which one are you and which one am I?
EXLEY: You expecting problems?
BUD: Patchett uses a lot of ex-cop muscle.