VINNIE: Okay. I think everything's set. You've got the number for Cape Cod, right? Just in case something goes wrong.
AUGGIE: No problem, Vinnie. Everything's under control. I could run this store in my sleep.
VINNIE: How long you been working for me, Auggie?
AUGGIE: I don't know. Thirteen, fourteen years. Something like that.
VINNIE: It's pretty crazy, don't you think? I mean, a smart guy like you. What do you want to hang on to a dead-end job like this for?
AUGGIE: I don't know. Maybe because I love you so much, boss.
VINNIE: Shit. You should have been married to someone by now. You know, settled down somewhere with a kid or two, a nice steady job.
AUGGIE: I almost got married once.
VINNIE: Yeah, I know. To that girl who moved to Pittsburgh.
AUGGIE: Ruby McNutt. My one true love.
VINNIE: Sounds like another one of your stories to me.
AUGGIE: She upped and married some other cat after I joined the navy. By the time I got my discharge, though, she was divorced. Her husband poked out her eye in a domestic quarrel.
VINNIE: Lovely.
AUGGIE: She made a play for me after I got back, but her glass eye kept interfering with my concentration. Every time we got into a clinch, I'd start thinking about that hole in her head, that empty socket with the glass eye in it. An eye that couldn't see, an eye that couldn't shed any tears. The minute I started thinking about it, Mr. Johnson would get all soft and small. And I can't see getting married if Mr. Johnson isn't going to be in tiptop shape.
VINNIE: You don't take anything seriously, do you?
AUGGIE: I try not to, anyway. It's better for your health. I mean, look at you, Vincent. You're the guy with the wife and three kids and the ranch house on Long Island. You're the guy with the white shoes and the white Caddy and the white shag carpet. But you've had two heart attacks, and I'm still waiting for my first.
VINNIE: I should stop smoking these damn things is what I should do. The fuckers are going to kill me one day.
AUGGIE: Enjoy it while you can, Vin. Pretty soon, they're going to legislate us out of business anyway.
VINNIE: They catch you smoking tobacco, they'll stand you up against a wall and shoot you.
AUGGIE: Tobacco today, sex tomorrow. In three or four years, it'll probably be against the law to smile at strangers.
VINNIE: Speaking of which, are you still going ahead with that deal on the Montecristos?
AUGGIE: It's all set. My guy in Miami said he'd have them within the next few weeks. Are you sure you don't want to go in with me? Five thousand dollars outlay, a guaranteed ten-thousand-dollar return. A consortium of Court Street lawyers and judges. They're just drooling to get their lips around some genuine Cuban cigars.
VINNIE: No thanks. I don't care what you do, but just make sure you don't get caught, okay? The last I heard, it was still illegal to sell Cuban cigars in this country.
AUGGIE: It's the law that's buying. That's what's so beautiful about it. I mean, when was the last time you heard of a judge sending himself to jail?
VINNIE: Suit yourself. But don't keep the boxes around here long.
AUGGIE: They come in, they go out. I've got it planned to the last detail.
VINNIE: I've got to get moving. Terry will bust my chops if I'm late. See you in September, Auggie.
AUGGIE: Okay, my man. Love to the wife and kids, et cetera, et cetera. Drop me a postcard if you can remember the address.
PAUL: Are you closed?
AUGGIE: You run out of Schimmelpennincks?
PAUL: Do you think I could buy some before you leave?
AUGGIE: No problem. It's not as though I'm rushing off to the opera or anything.
PAUL: Looks like someone forgot a camera.
AUGGIE: Yeah, I did.
PAUL: It's yours?
AUGGIE: It's mine all right. I've owned that little sucker for a long time.
PAUL: I didn't know you took pictures.
AUGGIE: I guess you could call it a hobby. It doesn't take me more than about five minutes a day to do it, but I do it every day. Rain or shine, sleet or snow. Sort of like the postman. Sometimes it feels like my hobby is my real job, and my job is just a way to support my hobby.
PAUL: So you're not just some guy who pushes coins across a counter.
AUGGIE: That's what people see, but that ain't necessarily what I am.
PAUL: How'd you get started?
AUGGIE: Taking pictures? It's a long story. I'd need two or three drinks to get through that one.
PAUL: A photographer ...
AUGGIE: Well, let's not exaggerate. I take pictures. You line up what you want in the viewfinder and click the shutter. No need to mess around with all that artisto crap.
PAUL: I'd like to see your pictures some day.
AUGGIE: It can be arranged. Seeing as how I've read your books. I don't see why I shouldn't share my pictures with you. It would be an honor.
PAUL: They're all the same.
AUGGIE: That's right. More than four thousand pictures of the same place. The corner of 3rd Street and Seventh Avenue at eight o'clock in the morning. Four thousand straight days in all kinds of weather. That's why I can never take a vacation. I've got to be in my spot every morning. Every morning in the same spot at the same time.
PAUL: I've never seen anything like it.
AUGGIE: It's my project. What you'd call my life's work.
PAUL: Amazing. I'm not sure I get it, though. I mean, how did you ever come up with the idea to do this ... this project?
AUGGIE: I don't know, it just came to me. It's my corner, after all. It's just one little part of the world, but things happen there, too, just like everywhere else. It's a record of my little spot.
PAUL: It's kind of overwhelming.
AUGGIE: You'll never get it if you don't slow down, my friend.
PAUL: What do you mean?
AUGGIE: I mean, you're going too fast. You're hardly even looking at the pictures.
PAUL: But they're all the same.
AUGGIE: They're all the same, but each one is different from every other one. You've got your bright mornings and your dark mornings. You've got your summer light and your autumn light. You've got your weekdays and your weekends. You've got your people in overcoats and galoshes, and you've got your people in shorts and T-shirts. Sometimes the same people, sometimes different ones. And sometimes the different ones become the same, and the same ones disappear. The earth revolves around the sun, and every day the light from the sun hits the earth at a different angle.
PAUL: Slow down, huh?
AUGGIE: Yeah, that's what I'd recommend. You know how it is. Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow, time creeps on its petty pace.