BERT: You sure you going to be comfortable enough there, Miss... ah... ?
SARAH: Packard. Sarah Packard.
BERT: It always takes me a little while to get a name fixed in my mind. Are you sure you don't want anything?
SARAH: No, I'm fine.
BERT: You, uh, you ever been to Louisville during Derby week, Miss, ah, Packard?
SARAH: I've never been to Louisville.
BERT: Lots of action. Lots of money. Lots of class. You'll see some of the best-dressed and most beautiful women in the world at the races. Knock your eye out.
BERT: James Findley is a very rich man. Grandfather left him twenty per cent of a tobacco company.
EDDIE: What? And he -- he hustles pool?
BERT: He's a gentleman. Gentleman gambler. He gets his kicks playing with hustlers. He's got an old Southern mansion with a pool table in the basement, drinks eight-year-old bourbon, smokes cork-tipped cigarettes.
EDDIE: How good is he?
BERT: I don't know. Never saw him play. They say he's one of the best.
SARAH: I'm ready.
BERT: Soon as I finish my coffee.
EDDIE: You must have a lot of confidence in me.
BERT: I don't. But I got confidence in Findley.
EDDIE: What's that supposed to mean?
BERT: Means I got confidence that he's a loser. All the way a loser. You happen to be about only one-half loser -- the other half, winner. I'm finished.
EDDIE: Here, I got it.
BERT: No, no. When you play for me, I pick up all the tabs.
BERT: Fats knew the game was in the clutch, knew he had to do something to stop ya. He played it smart.
EDDIE: I played that game, Bert. In my head I played it a thousand times.
BERT: Play it again. Learn something. Fats went in the john, see? Washed his face, cleaned his fingernails, made his mind a blank, combed his hair, came back all ready to go. You were through. You saw him, you saw how he looked. Clean, all set to start all over again. Hold tight and push hard. You know what you were doing? You were waitin' to get beat. Flattened out on your butt, swimmin' around in glory. And whisky. Probably deciding how you could lose.
SARAH: What makes you know so much? How do you know what Eddie was thinking?
BERT: I know. Been there myself. We've all been there, haven't we, Miss Packard?