BETTY: Look at this street. All card- board, all hollow, all phoney. All done with mirrors. I like it better than any street in the world. Maybe because I used to play here when I was a kid.
GILLIS: What were you -- a child actress?
BETTY: I was born just two blocks from this studio. Right on Lemon Grove Avenue. Father was head elec- trician here till he died. Mother still works in Wardrobe.
GILLIS: Second generation, huh?
BETTY: Third. Grandma did stunt work for Pearl White. I come from a picture family. Naturally they took it for granted I was to become a great star. So I had ten years of dramatic lessons, diction, dancing. Then the studio made a test. Well, they didn't like my nose -- it slanted this way a little. I went to a doctor and had it fixed. They made more tests, and they were crazy about my nose -- only they didn't like my acting.
GILLIS: Nice job.
BETTY: Should be. It cost three hundred dollars.
GILLIS: Saddest thing I ever heard.
BETTY: Not at all. It taught me a little sense. I got me a job in the mail room, worked up to the Stenographic. Now I'm a reader...
GILLIS: Come clean, Betty. At night you weep for those lost closeups, those gala openings...
BETTY: Not once. What's wrong with being on the other side of the cameras? It's really more fun.
GILLIS: Three cheers for Betty Schaefer! I will now kiss that nose of yours.
BETTY: If you please.
GILLIS: May I say you smell real special.
BETTY: It must be my new shampoo.
GILLIS: That's no shampoo. It'smore like a pile of freehly laundred hand- kerchiefs, like a brand new auto- mobile. How old are you anyway?
BETTY: Twenty-two.
GILLIS: That's it -- there's nothing like being twenty-two. Now may I suggest that if we're ever to finish this story you keep at least two feet away from me ... Now back to the typewriter.
GILLIS: What is it, Max? Want to wash the car, or are you doing a little spying in your off hours?
MAX: You must be very careful as you cross the patio. Madame may be watching.
GILLIS: How about my going up the kitchen stairs and undressing in the dark. Will that do it?
MAX: I'm not inquiring where Mr. Gillis goes every night...
GILLIS: Why don't you? I'm writing a script and I'm dying to finish it, no matter what.
MAX: It's just that I'm very worried about Madame.
GILLIS: Sure you are. And we're not help- ing her any, feeding her lies and more lies. Getting herself ready for a pioture ... What happens when she finds out?
MAX: She never will. That is my job. It has been for a long time. You must understand I discovered her when she was eighteen. I made her a star. I cannot let her be destroyed.
GILLIS: You made her a star?
MAX: I directed all her early pictures. There were three young directors who showed promise in those days: D.W. Grirrith, C.B. deMille, and Max von Mayerling.
GILLIS: And she's turned you into a servant.
MAX: It was I who asked to come back, humiliating as it may seem. I could have gone on witn my career, only I found everything unendur- able arter she divorced me. You see, I was her rirst husband.