LIZ: Did you enter Virginia into a beauty contest?
JIM: What?
LIZ: A man just called. He asked her everything!
JIM: Honey, some crackpot. Martin Luther King was killed in Memphis today!
LIZ: Your daughter's life was just threatened!
JIM: Just a crank making phone calls. Happens a dozen times a day at the office.
LIZ: Our home, Jim! A kidnapper, a murderer, who knows!
JIM: Only cowards make crank calls, sweetheart, nothing is going to happen.
LIZ: How do you know? How do you even know what goes on in this house anymore! You're too busy making speeches, stirring up every crazed Klansman in Louisiana after us!
JIM: Get a hold of yourself.
LIZ: I'm leaving. I'm taking the kids and I'm leaving! I won't stand it anymore.
JIM: Honey, come on. The government wants you to be scared. They want everybody to be scared to speak out. They count on it. But there's nothing to be scared of.
LIZ: You and your government! What's the matter with you? Don't you have any feelings? Your daughter! What kind of man are you?
JIM: I'll take them up to my mother's if it'll make you feel better. Spend a week. I'll change the locks, the phone lines, I'll even get a bodyguard, all right? Elizabeth, get a hold of yourself.
LIZ: Jim, before this Kennedy thing, nothing mattered to you in this life more than your children. The other night Jasper tried to show you a drawing. You didn't even notice he was there. He came to me bawling his little eyes out. Jim, he's sensitive - he needs more from you.
JIM: I promise I'll make more time for Jasper.
LIZ: Is it such a chore? I don't understand you.
JIM: Damn it, if I say I'll spend more time with him, I'll spend more time with him. I can't fight you and the world too, Liz.
LIZ: I'm not fighting you, Jim, I'm just trying to reach you. You've changed.
JIM: Of course, I've changed! My eyes have opened, and once they're open, believe me, what used to look normal seems insane! And now King. Don't you think this has something to do with that? Can't you see?
LIZ: I don't want to see, goddammit! I'm tired. I've had enough! They say you don't have anything anyway! Everybody in town's talking. You're ruining this man Shaw's life! You're attacking him because he's homosexual! Going ahead with this stupid trial"! Did you ever once stop and consider what he's going through?"
JIM: That's not why I'm attacking him! You don't believe me - all this time you never believed me.
LIZ: Oh, I don't know anymore! I believe there was a conspiracy, but not the government. I just want to raise our children and live a normal life! I want my life back!
JIM: Well so do I, goddammit! So do I! I had a life too, y'know - I had a life, too. But you just can't bury your head in the sand like some ostrich, goddammit, Elizabeth! It's not just about you - and your well- being and your two cars and your kitchen and your TV and I'm jes fine honey." While our kids grow up into a shithole of lies! Well
LIZ: You never talked to me this way before, Jim Garrison. I'm not making any threats. I'm leaving you. I'm taking the kids to my mother's. I am - I am.