EDWARD: But the real story is how I got the car. You see...
WILL: Dad?
EDWARD: Son?
WILL: Can we talk?
SANDRA: I'm going to get started on dishes.
JOSEPHINE: I'll help you.
WILL: Do you know much about icebergs, Dad?
EDWARD: Do I? I saw an iceberg once. They were hauling it down to Texas for drinking water, only they didn't count on an elephant being frozen inside. The woolly kind. A mammoth.
WILL: Dad!
EDWARD: What?
WILL: I'm trying to make a metaphor here.
EDWARD: Then you shouldn't have started with a question. Because people want to answer questions. You should have started with, The thing about icebergs is...""
WILL: The thing about icebergs is you only see 10 percent of them. The other 90 percent is below the water where you can't see it. And that's what it is with you Dad. I'm only seeing this little bit that sticks above the water.
EDWARD: What, you're seeing down to my nose? My chin?
WILL: I have no idea who you are because you have never told me a single fact.
EDWARD: I've told you a thousand facts. That's all I do, Will. I tell stories.
WILL: You tell lies, Dad. You tell amusing lies. Stories are what you tell a five-year old at bedtime. They're not elaborate mythologies you maintain when your son is ten and fifteen and twenty and thirty. And the thing is, I believed you. I believed your stories so much longer than I should have. And then when I realized that everything you said was impossible -- everything! -- I felt like such a fool to have trusted you. You were like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny combined. Just as charming and just as fake.
EDWARD: You think I'm fake.
WILL: Only on the surface. But that's all I've ever seen.
WILL: Dad, I'm about to have a kid of my own here. It would kill me if he went through his whole life never understanding me.
EDWARD: It would kill you, huh?
EDWARD: What do you want, Will? Who do you want me to be?
WILL: Yourself. Good, bad, everything. Just show me who you are for once.
EDWARD: I have been nothing but myself since the day I was born. And if you can't see that, it's your failing, not mine.