BARNARD: That's what I say. What do you say to a rubber of bridge? I saw some cards in the other room.
CONWAY: Not for me, thanks. No, I'm too weary.
BARNARD: How about you Lovey? Come on. Let's you and I play a game of honeymoon bridge.
LOVETT: I'm thinking.
BARNARD: Thinking? What about some double solitaire?
LOVETT: As a matter of fact, I'm very good at double solitaire.
BARNARD: No kidding?
LOVETT: Yes.
BARNARD: Then I'm your man. Come on, Toots.
CONWAY: Hello, George. Cigarette?
GEORGE: Thanks. I suppose all this comes under the heading of adventure.
CONWAY: We've had plenty of it the last few days.
GEORGE: It's far from over, from what I can see. This place gives me the creeps, hidden away like this - no contact with civilization. Bob, you don't seem concerned at all.
CONWAY: Oh, I'm feeling far too peaceful to be concerned about anything. I think I'm going to like it here.
GEORGE: You talk as though you intend on staying.
CONWAY: Something happened to me, when we arrived here, George, that - well - did you ever go to a totally strange place, and feel certain that you've been there before?
GEORGE: What are you talking about?
CONWAY: I don't know.
GEORGE: You're a strange bird. No wonder Gainsford calls you the man who always wanted to see what was on the other side of the hill.
CONWAY: Don't you ever want to see what's on the other side of the hill?
GEORGE: What could there be except just another hill? In any event, I'm not curious. At the moment, it seems to me we should be concerned about getting home. I'd give anything to be in London right now.
CONWAY: Of course you would. If ever we get out of this place, the thing for you to do is to take that job with Helen's father.
GEORGE: What do you mean if we should get out?
CONWAY: Did I say if"?"
GEORGE: That's what you said.
CONWAY: Well - I mean—
GEORGE: What's on your mind, Bob? You talk as though we're going to have trouble getting out of here.
CONWAY: George, I've been putting things together. Do you notice the resemblance between those natives and the pilot? And why did those clothes materialize so conveniently when they met us at the plane? Chang himself just said that they never venture beyond that point. What brought them there? Unless it was to meet us?
GEORGE: Chang's first question was about the pilot.
CONWAY: Uh-huh.
GEORGE: There must be some connection between the plane and this place. They must have deliberately brought us here. Why, Bob? What reason could they have for doing a thing like that?
CONWAY: That's what's on the other side of the hill.
CHANG: It's three thousand feet, practically straight down to the floor of the valley. The Valley of the Blue Moon, as we call it. There are over two thousand people in the Valley besides those here in Shangri-La.
CONWAY: Who and what is Shangri-La? You?
CHANG: Goodness, no!
CONWAY: So there are others?
CHANG: Oh, yes.
CONWAY: Who, for instance?
CHANG: In time you will meet them all.
CONWAY: For a man who talks a great deal, it's amazing how unenlightening you can be.
CHANG: There are some things, my dear Conway, I deeply regret I may not discuss.
CONWAY: You know, that's the fourth time you've said that today. You should have a record made of it.
CHANG: Shall we go inside? I should so like to show you some of our rare treasures.