NINOTCHKA: I think we can cut your visit short. Leon is not here.
SWANA: Of course not, my dear! I didn't come here with any such suspicion. How ridiculous! Nor did I come here to pick up his hat.
SWANA: How stale last night's gaiety looks! It has the taste of a dead cigarette.
NINOTCHKA: If you were encouraged to come here by our meeting last night I am afraid you misunderstood my attitude.
SWANA: Don't worry, you were quite rude enough. Do you mind if I let in a little fresh air and sunshine? I'm sure it will make you feel better and I want you to be at your very best. In full possession of your faculties, at least.
NINOTCHKA: Please come to the point. What is it you want?
SWANA: I just dropped in to have a little heart-to-heart talk with you.
NINOTCHKA: We have nothing to discuss.
SWANA: Now there you are completely wrong. If we sit down for a little chat, I'm sure we won't run out of conversation and what's more it won't be dull.
NINOTCHKA: Madame, what is it you people always say, regardless of what you mean... I am delighted to have you here"? I have not reached that stage of civilization."
SWANA: That's all right... I grow on people.
NINOTCHKA: I must ask you to leave.
SWANA: Leave? That's exactly what I came here to ask you to do. Leave! I don't mean this hotel and I don't mean Paris... I mean France. There's a plane for Moscow at five-forty.
NINOTCHKA: Madame, if you...
SWANA: Don't worry. I have already made reservations. It's perfect flying weather. They assure me there's a fine tail wind which will sweep you back to Moscow in no time.
NINOTCHKA: If this is meant to be a joke it is not funny. Or do you still think you're issuing orders from your palace in Petrograd?
SWANA: My palace in Petrograd... yes, you took that away from me. You took away my czar, my country, my people, everything I had... but nothing more -- I warn you.
NINOTCHKA: People cannot be taken away, madame, neither a hundred and sixty million nor one. Not if you have their love. You hadn't. That's why you're not in Russia any longer, and that's why you came here this morning.
SWANA: Very interesting, my dear, but couldn't you write all that from Moscow? A dissertation on love on Soviet stationery -- would be an amusing paradox.
NINOTCHKA: It is not enough to be witty, madame. People grow tired of being entertained. You made that mistake before. Problems were never solved by bowing from a balcony.
SWANA: My dear, you don't know how impressive I could be. Did you ever see me in my regalia with my diadem and all my jewels?
SWANA: You can't deny we gave the people their money's worth -- almost -- eight tumbling Romanoffs -- eight!
NINOTCHKA: I must insist that you leave.
SWANA: Not before you agree to use those reservations to Moscow.
NINOTCHKA: In that case I can only say good-by.