CAL: Poor Mac. It's been a bit of a struggle. I'm sure Sally's told you.
JOE: No, what?
CAL: The movie.
JOE: Oh, she's really enjoying it. I think. Is Mac okay?
CAL: I don't know what's going on. I don't care to guess. Mac's really unhappy. She isn't there, that's all. She's no idea what she's playing, not a clue.
JOE: Who, Sally?
CAL: And, you know it isn't rocket science, this script. She can barely get the lines out. There was a scene last week - she sobbed, through every take. I know crying's easy for her but it's a fucking comedy, Joe. Something's gone. You know, that thing that was Sally - that always surprised you. It's gone. I think she's scared. And that's death.
JOE: I still think she sails above the rest. I mean not like her early films. But those were all such great directors.
CAL: Mac's a pretty great director, Joe. He's a woman's director. And nothing's happening. Course he won't fire her, because of the friendship... But it was discussed. He had to battle his studio to get her in the first place.
JOE: What?
CAL: Hey, listen, I love her. She's Sophia's best friend. I never said any of this, alright. I'll deny it on the stand... You guys are gonna have kids. That is so great. Maybe that's what this is all about. Maybe she doesn't want to do this anymore. You know adults don't do this for a living. You guys are gonna have your kids, you'll be directing -- one asshole in the family is enough. Sophia knew that intuitively. Look at Clair. Clair's a mess. Make sure she gets the epidural. Forget that natural childbirth shit. Everything's going to be what it's supposed to be. Life is but a walking shadow. A poor player who struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more..." And speaking of me
JOE: Leo?
CAL: Any thoughts on casting yet?
JOE: Leo? It was out to Jude Law. Jude passed.
CAL: Well, I can't make any promises, and of course I haven't read the script but I loved the novel...when are you shooting?
JOE: October-ish.
CAL: I have a small window of time.
JOE: Leo. Leo's twenty-eight, Cal.
CAL: Scratch the two, write in a four.
JOE: Scratch the two, write in a four.
CAL: You've got a lot of fucking gall. Thirty nine.
JOE: Five years ago, I was at the party, remember?