GABRIELA: You might think -- I thought so myself at first -- that Burgel's too insignificant to be dangerous. But that's the very reason to beware! It's the small men to watch out for -- the ones who substitute method for character.
KAFKA: Now you've fallen into his trap. When he goes to bed at night Burgel dreams of inspiring as much fear in others as they inspire in him.
GABRIELA: It's still easier for you to understand suicide, isn't it.
KAFKA: That street down there -- I always used to call it the approach road for suicides. It leads straight down to the bridge and the River.
GABRIELA: Burgel hated Eduard. And me. I'm sure he knew about us -- and I'm sure it drove him mad.
KAFKA: Burgel doesn't like anybody!
GABRIELA: He used to like me -- very much more than I liked him.
KAFKA: He's jealous, yes, but <u>that</u> jealous? He's too cautious.
GABRIELA: Of course he is -- the Castle precincts are not the safest part of the city after dark. People disappear up there regularly. If you want to lie in wait for someone, that's the place to do it.
KAFKA: Now you're saying Eduard was lured there?
GABRIELA: How often does one of our clerks have business in the house of records?
KAFKA: I've heard of it happening.
GABRIELA: And Burgel is the bringer of messages, isn't he?
KAFKA: Usually.
GABRIELA: Or what if there really <u>was</u> an error? -- I don't know what kind -- any kind that needed correcting -- and what if Burgel was responsible for it? One mistake -- even a small one in a firm like ours -- it could cost him a promotion.
KAFKA: First these nameless authorities were the root of all evil, now it's insignificant Burgel. If indeed there was a mistake -- and a minor one at that -- you're suggesting someone went to a lot of trouble over something so trivial as to not matter at all.
GABRIELA: What seems important to these people is not determined by the amount of work it entails -- you're far from understanding the authorities if you believe that.
KAFKA: Now Burgel's one of the authorities?