HOOPER: We ought to let it breathe... Whatever.
BRODY: Let's all have a drink.
BRODY: You too, sweetheart...
ELLEN: Thank you.
HOOPER: Here's to your husband, the only other rational man on the island. Day after tomorrow, I'll be gone, and he'll be the only one.
ELLEN: You're leaving?
HOOPER: Going out on the 'Aurora.'
ELLEN: Is that a boat?
HOOPER: Is it! The best-funded research expedition to ever study the shark... around the world in 18 months.
ELLEN: Like those Cousteau specials on television? I think it's for the kids, but I love them.
HOOPER: Better than Cousteau, or Compagno with computers, telemetry, Defense Department funding...
ELLEN: I saw a show with sea otters, and a big turtle... Mikey loved it. Made me promise to get him one. Will you live on the boat?
HOOPER: Yep.
ELLEN: Martin hates boats. Hates the water. On the ferry to the mainland, he sits in the car the whole way over. He's got this childhood thing, there's a clinical word for it.
BRODY: Drowning. Lemme ask you something. Is it true most attacks take place in three feet of water, around 10 feet from the beach?
HOOPER: Yeah. Like the kid on your beach. I wish I could've examined that shark they caught...
BRODY: Something else. Do most attacks go unreported?
HOOPER: About half of them. A lot of 'missing swimmers' are really shark victims.
BRODY: There's a kind of a lone shark, called, uh...
HOOPER: Rogue?
BRODY: Yeah. Rogue. Picks out an area where there's food and hangs out there as long as the food supply lasts?
HOOPER: It's called Territoriality. It's a theory.
BRODY: And before 1900, when people first starting swimming for recreation, before public bathing and resorts, there were very few shark attacks, cause sharks didn't know what they were missing?
HOOPER: You could say that.
BRODY: Why don't we have one more drink, you and I, and then we go down and cut open that old shark and see for sure what's inside him, or not.
ELLEN: Can you do that?
BRODY: I am Chief of Police. I can do anything I want. You want to come?