FATHER LAWRENCE: It strains me past the compass of my wits.
JULIET: If in thy wisdom thou canst give no help Do thou but call my resolution wise, And with this I'll help it presently!
FATHER LAWRENCE: Hold Daughter!
JULIET: Be not so long to speak I long to die.
FATHER LAWRENCE: I do spy a kind of hope, Which craves as desperate and execution as that is desperate which we would prevent. If, rather than to marry Paris, Thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself, Then it is likely thou wilt undertake a thing like death, to chide away this shame. No warmth, no breath shall testify thou livest . Each part, deprived of supple government, shall stiff and stark and cold appear, like death. Now when the bridegroom in the morning comes to rouse thee from thy bed, there art thou dead. Thou shalt be borne to that same ancient vault where all he kindred to the Capulet lie. In the meantime, against thou shalt awake, shall Romeo by my letters know our drift, and hither shall he come. And that very night shall Romeo bear thee hence to Mantua. Take thou this vial, being then in bed, and this distilling liquor drink thou off. I'll send my letters to thy lord post haste to Mantua.
JULIET: What if this mixture do not work at all? Shall I be married then tomorrow morning?
GLORIA: What, daughter are you busy? Need you my help?
JULIET: No, madam. We have culled such necessaries as our behoveful for our state tomorrow. so please you, let me now be left alone, and let the nurse this night sit up with you. for I am sure you have your hands full in all this so sudden business.
GLORIA: Geth thee to be and rest, for thou has need.
JULIET: Farewell. God knows when we shall meet again.
GLORIA: Goodnight.
JULIET: Romeo, I drink to thee.
FATHER LAWRENCE: As the custom is, in all her best array, bear her to church.
ROMEO: And all this day an unaccustomed spirit lifts me above the ground with cheerful thoughts. I dreampt my lady came and found me dead and breathed such life with kisses in my lips that I revived and was an emperor. Ah me, how sweet is love itself possessed when but love's shadow's are so rich in joy. News from Verona. How now, Balthasar?! Dost thou not bring me letters from the Priest? How doth my lady? Is my Father well? How doth my lady Juliet? For nothing can be ill if she be well.
BALTHASAR: If she is well then nothing can be ill. Her body rests in Capel's monument, and her immortal part with the angel's lives. I saw her laid low. Pardon me for bringing these ill news.
ROMEO: Then I defy you, stars! JULIET! JULIET! I will hence tonight.
BALTHASAR: Have patience!
ROMEO: Leave Me!
BALTHASAR: Your looks are pale and wild and do import some misadventure.
ROMEO: Tush, thou art deceived. Hast thou no letters to me from the priest? [Balthsasr shakes his head no.] No matter. Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight. I will hence tonight.