BURROWS: The boy your daughter was talking to didn't work at the park. We've interviewed everybody there.
JAKE: But is she, has...
BURROWS: There's no evidence of any foul play at present. I hope she's just a runaway.
JAKE: There's something wrong here. Kristen is not the type of girl to just up and leave.
BURROWS: I said I hope she's a runaway. Better that than she just disappears like so many others do. Sometimes they turn up years later, sometimes not. A lot of crimes go unreported, unknown. These are realities.
JAKE: What are you doing?
BURROWS: Two officers have been assigned to the case. I can't keep them on indefinitely, but we'll go through every lead.
MAST: Those cops, like all cops, are intelligent enough, but they are masters of de-ductive reason. That is, you ask them what three and two are they'll tell you five, but if you ask them what five is, they go blank. That's spec-u-lative reasoning, and that's where I come in.
JAKE: Well, what do they know?
MAST: Dogshit. Worse yet, they don't care.
JAKE: So then, Mr. Mast...
MAST: Andy.
JAKE: ...What do you have to offer?
MAST: Let me ask you a personal question, a painful one. The first of many. Tell me, was your daughter the kind of girl to run around, to, ah, play practical jokes, maybe?
MAST: No, I didn't think she was. Let me get the picture here. Let me guess. She was an absolutely clean girl, a model daughter, she never had rebellious or impure thoughts, she didn't fuck around...
JAKE: If I was you, Mr. Mast, I'd watch my language.
MAST: Hey, I'm a private detective, Van Dorn, you want to hire a choir boy you can go back to Grand Rapids. I've been to that scumbag town. It's full of them.
JAKE: Who's paying you?
MAST: You are.
JAKE: That's right.
MAST: As I was saying, I'll pick up the thread. There's a number of ways I can go. There's not much you can do here. Stay if you want. Maybe it'd be better if you went back home. Go through Kristen's personal stuff. Ask around, maybe she knew somebody out here. Look, I do this a lot. I work at a minimum rate of $750.00 a week. It may seem like a lot of money to you, but it ain't. You could hire cheaper.
JAKE: And better?
MAST: I suppose. But I'll tell you, Jake, I'm like a little animal. When I get my teeth into something I never let go. If your daughter's here, I'll track her down.