GILLIS: I mean it. It's no good to me anyway. Help yourself.
BETTY: Why should you do that?
GILLIS: If you get a hundred thousand for it, you buy me a box of chocolate creams. If you get an Oscar, I get the left foot.
BETTY: You know, I'd take you up on that in a minute. I'm just not good enough to do it all by myself.
GILLIS: What about all those ideas you had?
BETTY: See if they make sense. To begin with, I think you should throw out all that psychological stuff -- exploring a killer's sick mind.
GILLIS: Psychopaths sell like hotcakes.
BETTY: This story is about teachers -- their threadbare lives, their struggles. Here are people doing the most important job in the world, and they have to wprry about getting enough money to re-sole their shoes. To me it can be as exciting as any chase, any gunplay.
GILLIS: Check.
BETTY: Now I see her teaching day classes while he teaches night school. The first time they meet ...
GILLIS: Look, if you don't mind, I haven't got time to listen to the whole plot ...
BETTY: I'll make it short.
GILLIS: Sorry. It's your baby now.
BETTY: I'm not good enough to write it alone. We'll have to do it together.
GILLIS: I'm all tied up. I can't.
BETTY: Couldn't we work in the evenings? Six o'clock in the morning? This next month I'm completely at your disposal. Artie is out of town.
GILLIS: What has Artie to do with it.
BETTY: We're engaged.
GILLIS: Good for you. You've got yourself the best guy in town.
BETTY: I think so. They're on location in Arizona, shooting a Western. I'm free every evening, every week- end. If you want, we could work at your place.
GILLIS: It's just impossible.
BETTY: Nobody can be that busy.
GILLIS: Look, Betty, It can't be done. It's out.
BETTY: You're tough, all right.
GILLIS: You're on your own. Stop being chicken-hearted and write that story.
BETTY: Honest to goodness, I hate you.
GILLIS: And don't make it too dreary. How about this for a situation: she teaches daytimes. He teaches at night. Right? They don't even know each other, but they share the same room. It's cheaper that way. As a matter of fact, they sleep in the same bed -- in shifts, of oourse.
BETTY: Are you kidding? Because I think it's good.
GILLIS: So do I.
BETTY: Came on back. Let me show you where it fits in.