JEFF: No, I seriously doubt that Pony's gonna be in a limo.
BUFF: That's the rock star thing.
JEFF: No, no.
BUFF: Oh, I'll bet you he has a babe with him right out of a triple-x video. Oh, oh, Pony, come on, give it to me! Stud! Oh!
JEFF: Buff, Buff, Buff, Buff, Buff.
BUFF: Sorry.
JEFF: Jesus Christ.
BUFF: You wanna bet he's with a girl?
JEFF: No, he's not with a girl.
BUFF: Oh, right. Oh, oh my God! Pony, it's so huge!
JEFF: You know what? He probably gets bored with all that shit.
BUFF: Oh, yeah, yeah. Wait, um, how do you figure that?
JEFF: I'd get bored.
BUFF: I wouldn't. If I were in his shoes, every morning I'd get up singing, man. Do my work-out, take a shower, followed by a hearty breakfast, steak and eggs, washed down with a pot of hot coffee, six pack of Coors Lite. Then I'd order my bodyguard to go find my babe, who would appear decked out in her all-black leather Victoria Secret custom-made bodysuit. So I'd, like, have to chew off all her clothes until she was completely nude. Except she'd have these amazing dragon tattoos all over her body and pierced nipples with little gold peace signs hanging from 'em. And then she'd take out this half-ounce of blow, we'd snap out a few mondo lines, vaporize a few million brain cells, screw for about an hour, then spend the rest of the morning trashed watching Gilligan.
JEFF: That sounds so great, man. Yes. Yes. Hey, what would you do in the afternoon?
BUFF: Same, more of the same. Yep, just keep doing the same thing all the time, around and around the clock. With an occasional burger or slice of thrown in for our vitamins and energy. Then, instead of watching Gilligan, we'd watch Captain Kirk.
JEFF: That sounds so depressing.
BUFF: Oh, come on, man. Tell me you wouldn't love it!
JEFF: No, I'm not saying that I wouldn't love it.
BUFF: Ah!
JEFF: I'm saying no, I'm saying after a while it'd wear thin.
BUFF: Yeah, a long while. A long, long while.
JEFF: Watch out for that tree.
BUFF: A long, long, long, long, while.
JEFF: Okay, okay.
BUFF: A long, long, long...
JEFF: Okay.