STYLES: This is Warrant Officer Julia Osborne, the closest thing we have to an in- house investigator.
HARDY: And here you are going out of house. How's that make you feel, Jules?
OSBORNE: Hostile and uncooperative.
HARDY: Fantastic. You want to tell me what's going on?
STYLES: The official term for it is Clusterfuck". By the time Beth hit us
HARDY: It's not West, is it? Tell me it's not West.
HARDY: Ah, Christ
OSBORNE: You knew Sergeant West?
HARDY: He was our Drill here. Man's older than sand.
STYLES: A few years ago, the Army picked our good buddy as their go to non-com to trot out to the press to talk about the kinder, gentler military. He even did the standard video greeting played to all incoming Basic cadets across the country.
HARDY: Well, he's a good soldier.
HARDY: I didn't mean that as a compliment.
OSBORNE: Sergeant West's served for twenty- three years. He's the public face of the modern Army.
HARDY: And you notice I'm not in the Army anymore.
STYLES: The exercise was one of his Section Eight private sessions". Left around 2100 yesterday and were scheduled for pick up at 0630 this morning."
HARDY: And the problem is you only got three.
STYLES: No, the problem is one's dead, one's got a bullet in his arm, and one won't talk. The one who won't talk was trading live fire with the dead one as we reached the pick-up.
HARDY: I'm assuming that's what made him the dead one?
STYLES: Cadet Roberto R. Nunez. Killed right in front of me.
OSBORNE: Search parties for the others are fanning out in a ten click radius from the pickup. If they're hurt and we can get to them in time...
STYLES: I called the JAG Corps, the two cadets we retrieved are to be flown to D.C. on a transport leaving here at 1700 --
HARDY: Which gives us about five hours. Why'd you call me?
STYLES: The guy in interrogation said he'd only talk to a cop.
HARDY: And I'm the closest thing to it, right?
STYLES: Tom, bottom line: I let those kids go out there. If JAG shows up and I don't have any answers for them, my career is finished --
HARDY: I'm not gonna let that happen.