JUNO: What is it?
MARK: It's only my favorite song. It's Sonic Youth doing Superstar" by the Carpenters."
JUNO: I've heard the Carpenters before. Chick drummer and freaky dude. Not unlike the White Stripes.
MARK: You haven't heard the Carpenters like this. Listen.
MARK: Don't you remember you told me you loved me, baby...
JUNO: Hey, I like this.
MARK: This album is all Carpenters covers by alt-rock bands. It's called If I Were a Carpenter. It is God. I'll rip a copy for you before you leave.
JUNO: You don't have to do that.
MARK: It's the least I can do. What did you say your favorite band was?
JUNO: I didn't. But it's a three-way tie between the Stooges, Patti Smith and the Runaways.
MARK: Yeah, I definitely need to make you some CDs. At least while my kid is hanging out in there.
JUNO: The Wizard of Gore?
MARK: Oh yeah. It's Herschel Gordon Lewis. He's the ultimate master of horror.
JUNO: Please. Dario Argento is the ultimate master of horror.
MARK: Argento's good, but Lewis is completely demented. We're talking buckets of goo. Red corn syrup everywhere. And fake brains up the yin-yang.
JUNO: Frankly, this looks kind of stupid.
JUNO: This is even better than Suspiria. You've got decent taste in slasher movies, Mark.
MARK: Here's to dovetailing interests.
JUNO: So, have you and Vanessa thought of a name for the baby yet?
MARK: Well, sort of. Vanessa likes Madison for a girl.
JUNO: Madison? Isn't that kind of... I don't know, gay?
MARK: God, pretentious much? I guess everyone should have a mysterious name like Juno, huh?
JUNO: My dad went through this phase where he was obsessed with Greek and Roman mythology. He named me after Zeus's wife. I mean, Zeus had other lays, but I'm pretty sure Juno was his only wife. She was supposed to be really beautiful but really mean. Like Diana Ross.
MARK: That suits you.
JUNO: Uh, thanks.
MARK: You know, not many teenage girls in your situation would actually go through with this.
JUNO: I weighed my options. But after all this, I'm glad I didn't, you know, get rid of it. I want to have it. For you guys.
MARK: You're something else.
MARK: Vanessa. Shit, you better get out of here.
JUNO: Why? What the big deal?
MARK: Nothing. She just hates when I sit around watching movies and 'not contributing.'
JUNO: I'll handle this. I'm really good at diffusing mom-type rage.