VINCENT: Help yourself. Since when do you smoke?
SAM: I have, I don't know, maybe a cigarette a week.
VINCENT: A cigarette? As in one? One cigarette a week, who smokes like that?
SAM: I do.
VINCENT: Christ, I smoke a pack-and-a-half a day, and I tell myself I could be worse. It's just so damned pleasurable.
SAM: It has it's moments. Course, you get cancer and die, that's the down side.
VINCENT: There is that.
SAM: So, Vincent: why bring me along for the ride? Job like this calls for a warm body, somebody who can stand around and look threatening. A tough guy.
VINCENT: Like Larry or Swede.
SAM: Exactly. Why not bring them?
VINCENT: Let's just say I thought the conversational possibilities were limited. Of course, I might have brought Gregor, but he didn't seem like the right candidate -- for this.
SAM: Watch that one, he's an ex-spook for sure, maybe Stasi, maybe KGB. He's smart, Gregor is.
VINCENT: So is the woman.
SAM: Deirdre? Smart, yeah, and seriously goddamned dangerous.
VINCENT: I wonder if she truly left the IRA.
SAM: I've wondered that myself. None of this answers my question, though... Why bring me?
VINCENT: I wanted to see who you were.
SAM: Who am I?
VINCENT: You were once some kind of special forces. Airborne Ranger, maybe a Navy SEAL. After that you rode shotgun for the CIA in some place like El Salvador or Afghanistan, a real mercenary. Only now -- now you're like the rest of us, it's a very competitive market since the end of the cold war. There's a lot of hired guns out here, and not nearly enough work to go around.
SAM: That's right: there's not hardly enough work these days, nothing that pays the big money, anyhow. Then along comes this job, paying so much goddamned money I couldn't afford not to take it. Somebody's paying through the nose for this.
VINCENT: They certainly are. Whatever it is we're going to steal, it must be quite something.
SAM: Whatever it is it must be goddamned priceless.
VINCENT: Lovely, isn't it?
SAM: They'd have to keep something like this under lock and key in New York, and it would still get fucked up.