STANDARD: We've got six hours left.
HUNTER: Oh my God.
STANDARD: Does anybody know what happened?
ROBY: I saw it. Faust got himself jammed in the air lock door. His body held it open.
STANDARD: Can we get to him?
ROBY: No, I had to seal off a whole section. We'd lose too much of our remaining air if we opened the connecting door.
ROBY: Poor kitty; puss puss puss.
STANDARD: At least we're rid of the damn monster. It must have been the first thing sucked out of the ship.
ROBY: No such luck. I saw it running down one of the corridors.
HUNTER: Oh no! We can't fight this thing! There's only six hours of air left -- we're dead men!
STANDARD: I don't buy that. There's still time to destroy it and get ourselves in the freezers.
HUNTER: <u>How</u>?
STANDARD: It's time for drastic remedies.
ROBY: It was time for that a couple days ago.
STANDARD: That kind of remark is pointless. Now come on -- I want to hear every suggestion you can come up with, no matter how wild.
HUNTER: We can't kill it on board. It's huge now and must have tremendous amounts of that acid in its body.
ROBY: I've got an idea, but you're not going to like it.
STANDARD: Let's hear it.
ROBY: Okay. First we shut down all the cooling systems on the stardrive engines.
STANDARD: That'll blow the ship up.
ROBY: Right... but it'll take a few minutes for the engines to overheat and melt down the core. In the meantime, we get in the lifeboat and leave the ship.
HUNTER: Blow the ship up?
ROBY: And the creature with it. We can make it back to Irth in the lifeboat.
STANDARD: But the lifeboat can't accelerate to light speed.
ROBY: Doesn't matter -- we're already at light speed. And when we get back to the Colonies, they'll pick us up in the network.
HUNTER: What about all the minerals and elements in the cargo hold? That's the only reason we came out here. We'd have to abandon them all. We'd be broke.
ROBY: Our lives are more important. Anyway, we can take a small amount of the most valuable stuff with us on the lifeboat.
STANDARD: No, it won't work and I just realized why. There's only one hypersleep freezer on the lifeboat. Only one of us could survive.
ROBY: Yeah... I forgot.
STANDARD: But the idea's good, if we could just turn it around somehow.
STANDARD: If we could just get the <u>creature</u> into the lifeboat, we could launch it into space and blow it up.
HUNTER: Good! That's good!
STANDARD: We can load the lifeboat up with explosives and trigger them remotely, once the lifeboat is in space.
ROBY: I think it's going to be almost impossible to drive it up into the lifeboat.
HUNTER: We can use the flamethrower.
ROBY: It's not going to work.
STANDARD: You can't say that; I think it's a good plan.
HUNTER: The flamethrower needs more fuel.
STANDARD: Right. We've got a lot to accomplish. Let's get moving.