CHUCKIE: Suck my crank. Fuckin' sheet metal pussy. So, when are you done with those meetin's?
WILL: Week after I'm twenty-one.
CHUCKIE: Are they hookin' you up with a job?
WILL: Yeah, sit in a room and do long division for the next fifty years.
CHUCKIE: Yah, but it's better than this shit. At least you'd make some nice bank.
WILL: Yeah, be a fuckin' lab rat.
CHUCKIE: It's a way outta here.
WILL: What do I want a way outta here for? I want to live here the rest of my life. I want to be your next door neighbor. I want to take out kids to little league together up Foley Field.
CHUCKIE: Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin' next door to me, comin' over watchin' the fuckin' Patriots' games and still workin' construction, I'll fuckin' kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact. I'll fuckin' kill you.
WILL: Chuckie, what are you talkin'...
CHUCKIE: Listen, you got somethin' that none of us have.
WILL: Why is it always this? I owe it to myself? What if I don't want to?
CHUCKIE: Fuck you. You owe it to me. Tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I'll be fifty and I'll still be doin' this. And that's all right 'cause I'm gonna make a run at it. But you, you're sittin' on a winning lottery ticket and you're too much of a pussy to cash it in. And that's bullshit 'cause I'd do anything to have what you got! And so would any of these guys. It'd be a fuckin' insult to us if you're still here in twenty years.
WILL: You don't know that.
CHUCKIE: Let me tell you what I do know. Every day I come by to pick you up, and we go out drinkin' or whatever and we have a few laughs. But you know what the best part of my day is? The ten seconds before I knock on the door 'cause I let myself think I might get there, and you'd be gone. I'd knock on the door and you wouldn't be there. You just left.
LAMBEAU: This is a disaster! I brought you in here to help me with this boy, not to run him out--
SEAN: Now wait a minute--
LAMBEAU: --And confuse him--
SEAN: --Gerry--
LAMBEAU: --And here I am for the second week in a row with my professional reputation at stake--
SEAN: Hold on!
LAMBEAU: --Ready to falsify documents because you've given him license to walk away from this.
SEAN: I know what I'm doing and I know why I'm here!
LAMBEAU: Look Sean, I don't care if you have a rapport with the boy-- I don't care if you have a few laughs-- even at my expense! But don't you dare undermine what I'm trying to do here.
SEAN: Undermine?""
LAMBEAU: He has a gift and with that gift comes responsibility. And you don't understand that he's at a fragile point--
SEAN: He is at a fragile point. He's got problems--
LAMBEAU: What problems does he have, Sean, that he is better off as a janitor or in jail or hanging around with--
SEAN: Why do you think he does that, Gerry?
LAMBEAU: He can handle the work, he can handle the pressure and he's obviously handled you.
SEAN: Why is he hiding? Why is he a janitor? Why doesn't he trust anybody? Because the first thing that happened to him was that he was abandoned by the people who were supposed to love him the most!
LAMBEAU: Oh, come on, Sean--
SEAN: --And why does he hang out with his friends? Because any one of those kids would come in here and take a bat to your head if he asked them to. It's called loyalty!
LAMBEAU: Oh, that's nice--
SEAN: --And who do you think he's handling? He pushes people away before they have a chance to leave him. And for 20 years he's been alone because of that. And if you try to push him into this, it's going to be the same thing all over again. And I'm not going to let that happen to him!
LAMBEAU: Now don't do that. Don't you do that! Don't infect him with the idea that it's okay to quit. That it's okay to be a failure, because it's not okay! If you're angry at me for being successful, for being what you could have been--
SEAN: --I'm not angry at you--
LAMBEAU: --Yes you are, Sean. You resent me. And I'm not going to apologize for any success that I've had.
SEAN: --I don't have any anger at you--
LAMBEAU: Yes you do. You're angry at me for doing what you could have done. Ask yourself if you want Will to feel that way for the rest of his life, to feel like a failure.
SEAN: That's it. That's why I don't come to the goddamn reunions! Becaue I can't stand the look in your eye when you see me! You think I'm a failure! I know who I am. I'm proud of who I am. And all of you, you think I'm some kind of pity case! You with your sycophant students following you around. And you Goddamn Medal!
LAMBEAU: --Is that what this is about, Sean? The Field's Medal? Do you want me to go home and get it for you? Then will you let the boy--
SEAN: --I don't want your trophy and I don't give a shit about it! 'Cause I knew you when!! You and Jack and Tom Sanders. I knew you when you were homesick and pimply-faced and didn't know what side of the bed to piss on!
LAMBEAU: That's right! You were smarter than us then and you're smarter than us now! So don't blame me for how your life turned out. It's not my fault.
SEAN: I don't blame you! It's not about that! It's about the boy! 'Cause he's a good kid! And I won't see this happen to him-- I won't see you make him feel like a failure too!
LAMBEAU: He won't be a failure!
SEAN: If you push him into something, if you ride him--
LAMBEAU: You're wrong, Sean. I'm where I am today because I was pushed. And because I learned to push myself!
SEAN: He's not you!
WILL: I can come back.
LAMBEAU: No, that's fine, Will. I was just leaving.
WILL: Well, I'm here. So, is that my problem? I'm afraid of being abandoned? That was easy.
SEAN: Look, a lot of that stuff goes back a long way. And it's between me and him and it has nothing to do with you.
WILL: Do you want to talk about it?
SEAN: Oh, this is your file. I have to send it back to the Judge with my evaluation.
WILL: You're not going to fail me are you?
SEAN: You want to read it?
WILL: No. Have you had any experience with that?
SEAN: Twenty years of counselling you see a lot of--
WILL: --No, have you had any experience with that?
SEAN: Yes.
WILL: It sure ain't good.