NICK: Does that thing work?
ALBERT: Getting there. It's more sensitive than a joy-stick. Your video-character can respond as fast as you can. But what can I do for you?
ALEX: We're having some problems with ARCADE...
ALBERT: Yeah, who isn't.
NICK: What do you mean?
ALBERT: It's a tough game. Hard to pin that bastard down. Keeps on changing the rules.
ALEX: We vere thinking there might be tricks. You know, surprises that you'd worked into the game...
ALBERT: Sure. Every game's got 'em. I'll start with the schematics. I can print these up if you want.
ALBERT: You've got your ten levels, right? Here they are... Each level has an exit, only remember, the exits aren't always what they seem. First one's The Blood Red Sky, then you've got The Blue Desert, Tower of Ghosts, Kingdom of the Blind... On each world you have to find a golden key and you've only got so much time to do it in. If you're too late, The Screamer comes.
NICK: How do you stop The Screamer?
ALBERT: You can't. He gets you and you're dead. It's like time catching up with you, you know? Like Fate. Each level you get progressively less time to complete. First half of the game takes place in the Wild Lands. Then you reach Level 6, and that's the Sea of Darkness. There's a two-headed Boatman that'll take you across if you answer his riddle right. If you don't...
NICK: What's the riddle?
ALBERT: If I tell you, then it's no fun.
NICK: Just tell me the fucking riddle.
ALBERT: Well...it involves a paradox. You have to trick The Boatman. Now all the while, you also have to watch your strength. You can build that back up by catching FIREFLIES...the little glowing guys...
ALBERT: The next half of the game takes place in ARCADE's brain, The City of Truth. It's urban scenarios, lots of metal and concrete. Screamer comes faster here. On Level Four you can get a free life if you wait until the last possible second before exiting that world. Gotta time it right though.
ALEX: What's the question mark?
ALBERT: Level Ten. That's where you've got to unlock ARCADE's heart using the keys you've found.
ALEX: How do you do that?
ALBERT: Good question. See, that's where the fun comes in. ARCADE changes it every time. He's a machine without a soul. Once you give him a soul, he stops being a threat.
ALEX: But how can it change every time?
ALBERT: It's the game's logic core. We actually patterned it after human brainwaves. I mean, there's a personality in there. That's what makes it so incredible.
NICK: How the hell did you do that?
ALBERT: Well, we're veering into classified info here, but I'll tell you that it involved a donor. He was dead of course, so it's not like anything unethical was happening.
ALEX: Dead?
ALBERT: Well, brain-dead anyway. Coma patient. It's really not all that important.
ALEX: Maybe he's not dead.
ALBERT: He?
ALEX: The donor. Maybe he's alive inside the game.
ALBERT: And maybe you've been taking too many drugs.
NICK: Could you play ARCADE with that?
ALBERT: Well, technically yes"
NICK: Thanks, Albert. Think you could print up those schematics?
ALBERT: Sure.
NICK: Go outside, get your car, and meet me out front with the engine running. And make it quick, okay?
ALEX: What are you going to do?
NICK: Get that helmet. If we're going to play ARCADE, I want every advantage possible.