ALBRECHT: You don't have to. It's inside of you -- all the glory that was Greece -— the dancing, the singing and the white marble --
CATHY: How clover you are, Mr. Albrecht, to see all that in our simple Thea... She is quite pretty, isn't she?
ALBRECHT: This was the temple of Hades --the God of the Dead. It contained no images -- just empty space and walls of perfect symmetry.
CATHY: How disappointing! I expected it was something more romantic. A temple to the Goddess of Love, perhaps.
ALBRECHT: The Greeks thought death was beautiful -- an adventure --a journey to another world. But I have my other guests to think of -- The General will be wanting to go back to his army. If you'll excuse me --
THEA: Cathy —- how does it feel to have a father?
CATHY: What an odd question!
THEA: I mean, does one love a father because he is good and kind -—or just because he is one's father?
CATHY: Why, I love my father because - because I do. Of course, he's nice to me.
CATHY: Thea -- you're hiding something. Why do you suddenly speak of your father? You told me once you had never seen him -- didn't know him --
THEA: I do not know him, but I have seen him.
CATHY: What is it -- what are you talking about?
THEA: You have forgotten my last name?
CATHY: I have forgotten it, dear.
THEA: My last name is Pherides.
GENERAL: You are a happy man Oliver. You have but one world to live in —- the world of today. I have two worlds. I have that old dark world of peasant ignorance and superstition in which I was brought up and a new world which the army gave me —— a world of mathematics, gun ranges,logistics, tactics, strategy.
OLIVER: It doesn't seem to bother you much, General.
GENERAL: I will be glad to leave this island. It has too much of that old dark world about it. I will be glad to leave it and that girl ——
OLIVER: Thea?
GENERAL: There is something evil about her.
OLIVER: Oh, now —— now look here ——
GENERAL: I know all you are going to say —-I have been saying it to myself, but the thought will not leave my mind. She resembles my wife -—there is something about her ——the way she moves —— the way she turns her head.
OLIVER: But that should make you like her.
GENERAL: It makes me fear her.
OLIVER: I can't understand that.
GENERAL: It is not necessary to understand. We are leaving and I am thankful.
CATHY: Thea, your choice is a very simple one. Either you want to claim him as your father, or you do not.
THEA: But one must love a father.
CATHY: The General — you don't even know him.
CATHY: Come, Thea, if you're going to claim him as your father you've got to make up your mind. They'll be leaving any minute.
THEA: I don't know. As a child. I longed for a father and now —- I don't know ——