MARGO: Don't let me kill the point. Or isn't it a story for grownups?
BILL: You've heard it. About when I looked through the wrong end of a camera finder.
MARGO: Remind me to tell you about when I looked into the heart of an artichoke.
EVE: I'd like to hear it.
MARGO: Some snowy night in front of the fire... in the meantime, while we're on the subject, will you check about the hors d'oeuvres? The caterer forgot them, the varnish wasn't dry or something...
EVE: Of course.
BILL: Looks like I'm going to have a very fancy party...
MARGO: I thought you were going to be late-
BILL: When I'm guest of honor?
MARGO: I had no idea you were even here.
BILL: I ran into Eve on my way upstairs; she told me you were dressing.
MARGO: That never stopped you before.
BILL: Well, we started talking, she wanted to know all about Hollywood, she seemed so interested...
MARGO: She's a girl of so many interests.
BILL: It's a pretty rare quality these days.
MARGO: She's a girl of so many rare qualities.
BILL: So she seems.
MARGO: So you've pointed out, so often. So many qualities, so often. Her loyalty, efficiency, devotion, warmth, affection - and so young. So young and so fair...
BILL: I can't believe you're making this up - it sounds like something out of an old Clyde Fitch play...
MARGO: Clyde Fitch, thought you may not think so, was well before my time!
BILL: I've always denied the legend that you were in 'Our American Cousin' the night Lincoln was shot...
MARGO: I don't think that's funny!
BILL: Of course it's funny - this is all too laughable to be anything else. You know what I think about this - this age obsession of yours - and now this ridiculous attempt to whip yourself up into a jealous froth because I spent ten minutes with a stage-struck kid-
MARGO: Twenty minutes!
BILL: Thirty minutes, forty minutes! What of it?
MARGO: Stage-struck kid... she's a young lady - of qualities. And I'll have you know I'm fed up with both the young lady and her qualities! Studying me as if - as if I were a play or a set of blueprints! How I walk, talk, think, eat, sleep!
BILL: Now how can you take offense at a kid trying in every way to be as much like her ideal as possible!
MARGO: Stop calling her a kid! It so happens there are particular aspects of my life to which I would like to maintain sole and exclusive rights and privileges!
BILL: For instance what?
MARGO: For instance - you!
BILL: This is my cue to take you in my arms and reassure you - but I'm not going to. I'm too mad-
MARGO: - guilty.
BILL: Mad! Darling, there are certain characteristics for which you are famous - on stage and off. I love you for some of them - and in spite of others. I haven't let those become too important to me. They're part of your equipment for getting along in what is laughably called out environment - you've got to keep your teeth sharp. All right. But you will not sharpen them on me - or on Eve...
MARGO: What about her teeth? What about her fangs?
BILL: She hasn't cut them yet, and you know it! So when you start judging an idealistic dreamy-eyed kid by the barroom, Benzedrine standards of this megalomaniac society - I won't have it! Eve Harrington has never by word, look, thought or suggestion indicated anything to me but her adoration for you and her happiness at our being in love! And to intimate anything else doesn't spell jealousy to me - it spells a paranoic insecurity that you should be ashamed of!
MARGO: Cut! Print it! What happens in the next reel? Do I get dragged off screaming to the snake pit?