JAKE: No. I walked up. Don't ride elevators.
RAMADA: My secretary said you wanted to discuss a business proposition.
JAKE: Yes. I'm interested in financing an adult feature film. I was told you were the man to come to.
RAMADA: Film making can be pretty expensive...
JAKE: I've got fifty thousand dollars to invest.
RAMADA: Oh. Why is it that you want to get into film financing?
JAKE: Well, Bill -- mind if I call you Bill? Let me be frank. I've made a lot of money. I've got my own business in Detroit. Rivets. I make rivets and sell them to Fisher Body. Well, rivets, you know, can get pretty boring after a while. When my business manager told me I should shelter some money, I thought I'd try this.
RAMADA: What exactly do you have in mind?
JAKE: I thought I'd invest in a film. I want to sort of become involved in the process of making a film, meet the people who make films, learn how it's done...
RAMADA: In other words, you want to get laid?
JAKE: Not exactly...
RAMADA: It's cool. Why do you think I got in the movies? How much poon do you think you get in the car wash business? Look, fifty thousand dollars buys a lot of pussy. You can get your joint pulled by beautiful girls every night for the rest of your life for fifty thousand dollars. So why fuck with the movie business?
JAKE: It's an investment.
RAMADA: If you want to watch when we shoot a film, for fifty bucks, I let guys stand around and watch. It's a lot cheaper.
JAKE: I thought you were a businessman.
RAMADA: Don't get me wrong. A couple years ago, I woulda jumped at fifty thousand dollars possible financing. But the Lord's been good to me. I can now finance any films I choose. Big ones, small ones. Right now we're setting up a two hundred thousand dollar feature film. Live sound. I like to keep my own money in my films. That way you don't have to share the profits. There's plenty of guys in town that'll take it, though. But if I was you, Mr... what was your name again?
JAKE: Jake.
RAMADA: ...I'd just start my own business. That's what I did. Get into kid porn. That's big now. Why don't you come around the set? Meet some people. If you still want to invest, I'll ask around.
JAKE: Sounds all right.
RAMADA: Okay. Keep in touch with my secretary.