STEW: No, that's enough. I just wanted you to get the idea. Now you know. This house is haunted.
SMYTHE: No, sir!
STEW: Yes. Have you looked in the closets all over . . .?
SMYTHE: Yes, sir.
STEW: Found no skeletons?
SMYTHE: No, sir.
STEW: It's haunted just the same.
SMYTHE: Yes, sir.
STEW: Smythe, what do you do with yourself - I mean, when you're not carrying those double-strength - what do you do with yourself?
SMYTHE: Well, sir, I putter.
STEW: Smythe! I mean - when you're alone and want to amuse yourself, then what?
SMYTHE: I just putter.
STEW: Hmmm, you just putter. Do you have to have a putter to putter?
SMYTHE: Oh no, sir. I putter with me hands.
STEW: Well, isn't that nice? You just go right ahead and putter with your hands. That's all right. How do you do it?
SMYTHE: Well sir, I'll show you.
SMYTHE: That's puttering, sir.
STEW: No! Well, well, well! That's all right, if you like it. Can anybody do that?
SMYTHE: Oh no, sir. Some people are natural putterers. Others can never master it.
STEW: Oh my. You mean, some people are born and never will become putterers?
SMYTHE: Yes sir.
STEW: Oh my, wouldn't that be tragic? To know that you could never be a putterer.
SMYTHE: Yes sir.
STEW: How about me? Do you think if I concentrated and put my whole soul into it, that some day I might be a putterer?
SMYTHE: You sir? Uh-uh. You could never be a putterer. Not a good putterer, sir.
STEW: Well, if I couldn't be a good putterer, I wouldn't want to putter. But why? What makes you think I couldn't be a good putterer?
SMYTHE: Well sir, to be a putterer, one's mind must be at ease. A person with a problem could never be a putterer. For instance, sir, a fish can putter in water but not on land because he'd be out of place. An eagle can putter around a rugged mountaintop but not in a cage, because he'd be restless and unhappy. Now sir, if you will pardon me, with all due respect, sir, as a Smythe to a Smith, you are an eagle in a cage.
STEW: A bird in a gilded cage?
SMYTHE: Yes.
STEW: That's all I wanted to know!