ROB: There's something different about the sound of her voice... And what did she mean last night, she hasn't slept with him yet. Yet. What does yet" mean
BARRY: -- You're like a little squirrel of music, storing away dead little nuts of old garbage music, musical lint, old shit, shit, shit --
ROB: -- Barry, if I were to say to you I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet, what would that mean?
ROB: Just... come on, what would it mean to you? That sentence? I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet?""
BARRY: To me, it would mean that you're a liar. You saw it twice. Once with Laura -- oops -- once with me and Dick. We had that conversation about the possibilities of the guy making ammo off-screen in the Fourteenth Century.
ROB: Yeah, yeah, I know. But say I hadn't seen it and I said to you, I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet
BARRY: I'd think you were a cinematic idiot. And I'd feel sorry for you.
ROB: No, but would you think, from that one sentence. That I was going to see it?
BARRY: I'm sorry, Rob, but I'm struggling here. I don't understand any part of this conversation. You're asking me what I would think if you told me that you hadn't seen a film that you've seen. What am I supposed to say?
ROB: Just listen to me. If I said to you --
BARRY: -- I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet
ROB: Would you... would you get the impression that I wanted to see it?
BARRY: Well... you couldn't have been desperate to see it, otherwise you'd have already gone...
BARRY: ...But the word yet..." Yeah
ROB: But in your opinion, would I definitely go?
BARRY: How the fuck am I supposed to know that? You might get sick of people telling you you've really gotta go see the movie.
ROB: Why would they care?
BARRY: Because it's a brilliant film. It's funny, violent, and the soundtrack kicks fucking ass.
BARRY: I never thought I would say this, but can I go work now?
ROB: Let's pack it up. We haven't had a customer in four hours.
BARRY: Fine by me. I still want pay to 7 o'clock.
ROB: Ha.
DICK: I can't go to the club tonight, guys.
BARRY: Why?
BARRY: Who are you going to see?
DICK: Nobody.