LILY: Who says you have to know the King to be in a hole? I actually did have a real job once. When I was in high school, I worked as a candy striper.
JAKE: Sounds respectable.
LILY: Not the way I did it. I was loaded half the time. I don't know how you could change bedpans sober. I used to hang out with this guy, Glenn. He was an x-ray technician or something.
JAKE: You want to talk about an old boyfriend right now?
LILY: He wasn't my boyfriend. I had a boyfriend at the time... What was his name? Anyway, Glenn was like thirty. I was only fifteen. But he was a nice guy. Real sweet. Liked to talk. We used to get loaded on pills from the nurses station and then listen to Morrisey or some stupid shit like that.
JAKE: Yeah, the sensitive guy-thing never worked for me.
LILY: We were friends. I trusted him. I should have known it was weird. But, then again I was weird.
JAKE: You guys got busted. This is a great neck.
LILY: No, we never got busted. We were done with a shift one night, both a couple of Percocets down and I was telling Glenn about my boyfriend, about how we were thinking about doing it, you know? I was thinking about letting him be my first because I loved him. What the hell was his name?
JAKE: Glenn talked you out of it.
LILY: Sort of. I was telling him about this great love of my life who's name I don't remember, and I could see... He was getting pissed. I thought it was just because he was worried about me, but... He told me that I was stupid because my boyfriend didn't really love me.
JAKE: He was looking out for you.
LILY: Then he grabbed me and threw me down on the floor, that really cold linoleum tiled hospital floor and started ripping my uniform off. He said he was going to fuck some sense into me.""
LILY: Shit, what was that guy's name? I really liked him.
JAKE: Lily... Jesus Christ...
LILY: After Glenn was finished, he gave me a couple of valiums and I went home. The next day, I finished my shift and met him around back, like we always did. I stuck a number eight scalpel into his chest. Three or four times.
JAKE: Did, uh... Did you kill him?
LILY: I don't know. I packed up my shit and ran away. To this... So unlike you, I guess I do have something to prove, in a repressed anger sort of way.
JAKE: No. You trusted him... You were just getting square.
LILY: You know why I told you that, Jake? Because I trust you too.