SAM: Jack!!
JACK: SAM! What a surprise!
SAM: Are you officer 412/L?
JACK: Sorry about that ... Mr Helpmann told me you were coming aboard - congratulations!
SAM: Thanks. Are you officer 412/L?
JACK: For my sins. Are you settling in alright?
SAM: Yes, thanks.
JACK: Terrific. I'm really glad you dropped by. Unfortunately, I don't have any time right now I've got a queue of customers to deal with - er, why don't we have a drink tonight?
SAM: Ah ...
JACK: What?
SAM: I don't want to take up your time now, but I was hoping you could give me some information on somebody. It's a security level three matter and Information Retrieval records says to refer to you.
JACK: OK. Come back this afternoon, about four o'clock. If you give me the number of the case, I'll have the dossier here waiting. My tailor,... well worth the investment.
SAM: I've got numbers all over these - I'm not sure which is the one you want.
JACK: Layton! Oh shit!
SAM: What is it?
JACK: You clever bastard! I might have guessed. You only moved in today and you're already hot on the bloody trail.
SAM: Am I?
JACK: Please, Sam, we're going to have to be open to each other on this one. If you make a reputation with this case, it'll be at my expense.
SAM: How do you mean?
JACK: How much do you know?
SAM: Not much.
JACK: Enough though, eh?
SAM: Not really, no.
JACK: OK. OK. Let's not fence around ... This is the situation. Some idiot somewhere in the building, some insect, confused two of our clients, B58/732 and T47/215.
SAM: B58/732, that's A. Buttle isn't it?
JACK: Christ! You do know it all!
SAM: No, no, I don't. I'm just beginning Honestly. Sorry, carry on.
JACK: Well, your A. Buttle has been confused with T47/215, an A. Tuttle. I mean, it's a joke! Somebody should be shot for that. So B58/732 was pulled in by mistake.
SAM: You got the wrong man.
JACK: I did not get the wrong man. I got the right man. The wrong man was delivered to me as the right man! I accepted him, on trust, as the right man. Was I wrong? Anyway, to add to the confusion, he died on us. Which, had he been the right man, he wouldn't have done.
SAM: You killed him?
JACK: Sam, there are very rigid parameters laid down to avoid that event but Buttle's heart condition did not appear on Tuttle's file. Don't think I'm dismissing this business, Sam. I've lost a week's sleep over it already.
SAM: I'm sure you have
JACK: There are some real bastards in this department who don't mind breaking a few eggs to make an omelette, but thank God there are the new boys like me who want to maintain decent civilized standards of terrorist eradication. We've got the upper hand for the moment, but they're waiting for us to slip up, and a little slip- up like this is just the chance they're looking for.
SAM: So how ...?
JACK: What I've got to do now is pick up Tuttle, interrogate him at the same voltage as Buttle, to the same meter reading to the last penny, and juggle the books in electrical banking.
SAM: What has Tuttle done?
JACK: We suspect him of freelance subversion.
SAM: He's a freelance subversive?
JACK: He's a compulsive heating engineer. A maverick ex-Central Service repair man with a grudge against society. Now, fortunately, we're nearly out of the wood, I think. At least we will be when I get this Layton woman under arrest.
SAM: What's she done?
JACK: You didn't know as much about this business as you pretended to, did you?
SAM: Er ... no.
JACK: Very smart.
SAM: Er ... but I would've found out anyway.
JACK: Yes. I'm impressed.
SAM: Tell me about Layton.
JACK: She witnessed the Tuttle arrest - the Buttle arrest - and since then she's been making wild allegations, obviously trying to exploit the situation - she's working for somebody, and she's not working for us.
SAM: A terrorist?