MARION: Goddamn it. I gotta have some kinda life!
HEARST: There's no call for that language-
MARION: There certainly is I There certainly is! Aw, to hell with you!
WELLES: That poor woman.
CAROLE LOMBARD: She knew what she was signing on for After all, she took the money.
WELLES: Mank! You scoundrel! What took you so long?!
MANK: Orson, please ... it's too bright
WELLES: Here you are, up with the birds for once, you vampire!
MANK: Okay, boy wonder, what?
WELLES: Listen ... I've got it! It came to me like a thief in the night! Pure inspiration! Total magnificence!
MANK: Oh for Christ's sake-
WELLES: I know who we're going to get I The great American biography! A journey into the soul of the beast.
MANK: This better be good
WELLES: Image a man that has shaped his time. A titanic figure of limitless influence. Think about empire. A man with an empire at his feet. A man, like a baron, living in a palace, a glorious palace on a hill, and controlling the permutations of everyone beneath him. Feudal.
MANK: Oh Christ...
WELLES: Image the possibilities as this man controls the public perception of the nation through his--
MANK: Oh Christ
WELLES: Yes.
MANK: Please don't say this.
WELLES: Mank-
MANK: Don't whisper it. Don't even think it
WELLES: How long have we spent casting our minds about the world when the answer to our prayers was right here under our noses -- every single day in the newspapers and on the radio -- waiting for us in that ridiculous castle! Waiting for--!
MANK: Orson. Stop. Just stop
WELLES: Now remember he's a public figure who sought out that publicity so legally he can't stop us from--
MANK: Listen to you. You child! Men like him don't bother with things like legality. They don't have to. You know why, boy-o? Power. Power like you couldn't even begin to imagine.
MANK: Howard Hughes, he would just kill us. Hearst he would kill us and fuck everything we ever loved.
WELLES: We're doing Hearst.
MANK: You may think you know what you're talking about, kid, but believe me, you don't. You're talking about going into a battle you can never win on a battlefield so far above things like movies and Hollywood that Hearst won't even have to glance down when he crushes you. When he flicks you away with one finger. I'm talking about money and influence and evil beyond your capacity to imagine Hell.
WELLES: So speaks the court jester.
MANK: Fuck you
WELLES: I expected more from you.
MANK: Sorry to disappoint.
WELLES: How does it feel, Mank? Going up to the palace and making all the lords and ladies laugh as you tell your little stories and beg for crumbs at the table? How does it feel being the ugly little monkey they keep to amuse themselves--?!