HARDY: You shot Childs and Nunez.
DUNBAR: They would have killed us both. You want me to write a confession, I'll write a confession.
HARDY: You saved Kendall's life --
DUNBAR: But not Pike's.
OSBORNE: Why didn't you tell us all this in the first place?
DUNBAR: Would you have believed me?
OSBORNE: Where's the cabin?
DUNBAR: Don't know on a map. West told us it was there, we just found it. Maybe the hurricane took it away.
HARDY: Raymond, for you to have any chance of coming out of this, we need to locate the other bodies and examine them to corroborate your testimony. Otherwise this is just another story --
DUNBAR: Mr. Hardy, I joined the army for college money. I didn't ask for any of this -- I tried to do the right thing out there and people got killed. You say finding those bodies'll help me, then go find them. I don't want to die.
OSBORNE: Talk it through: Childs, Mueller, and Nunez know they're going out on the regular Tuesday Night drill, hurricane or no hurricane, so they plan it: Kill West, pin it on Pike.
HARDY: And they're smart about it. They know when you commit a crime you know is going to be investigated, you need a fall guy and for that to work, you have to have a witness.
OSBORNE: Dunbar.
HARDY: Exactly, someone who's not involved, who's word can't be questioned. You only let them see what you want them to see, you make them believe, so when the time comes, they've totally bought into your version of events.
OSBORNE: They believe the innocent are guilty and the guilty are innocent.
HARDY: And if they're asked, that's what they'll tell the, world.
OSBORNE: So it's a good plan but it goes wrong; Mueller flips out and shoots their fall guy, which means they have to bring Dunbar and Kendall into the cover story --
HARDY: Kendall maybe would have agreed, but the hurricane buttfucks the cabin --
OSBORNE: Buttfucks the cabin?
HARDY: And all hell breaks loose. A lot of Good guys shoot a lot of bad guys and whiz, bang, zoom, happy ending.
OSBORNE: So why, after Dunbar drags Kendall out from under a house, does the Senator's son try and get us to put his savior in the gas chamber?
HARDY: That bugs you too?
OSBORNE: Little bit.
HARDY: Let's go talk to Bill...