CARR: Have you contacted the British Home and the Royal Hospital?
TREVES: Ah, no sir. I had planned to see them in the morning.
CARR: Good! How is the patient?
TREVES: He's doing very well. In fact that's why I came to see you. I think that if I were to present Mr. Merrick to the hospital committee, then they would have a chance to see for themselves not only the extraordinary nature of the disease, but of the man as well. If the committee had a chance to speak with him, hear him say a few words for himself, I'm sure they would see him as a patient, rather than as a violation of the rules.
CARR: A few words? I thought he was imbecile?
TREVES: Well sir, perhaps I should explain...
CARR: I really don't think that's necessary Treves. I'm quite sure the committee will be able to make an equitable decision on the merits of the case, such as they are.
TREVES: I don't agree. No one can make a reasonable decision about this man's future without at least meeting him. No doctor would presume to diagnose a patient he had never met.
CARR: No, Treves, it's out of the question. Now if it was up to me, I'd say Certainly
TREVES: Then will you meet him, as a representative of the committee.
CARR: Mr. Treves, it's out of the question. I want to hear as soon as possible what the other hospitals can do. I'm sorry.
BYTES: I want my man back.
TREVES: Just a moment, how did you get in here?
BYTES: Never mind that, I want my man!
TREVES: He's still very sick. Please come downstairs with me. I'll explain the situation.
BYTES: DON'T... Don't muck me about. You've had plenty of time to fix him up, and he's leaving with me, NOW. Do you understand me? Now, Mr. Treves. We had a bargain!
TREVES: You misunderstood. This man suffered a severe fall, if you take my meaning. He's my patient now and I must do what...
BYTES: Pull the other one, why don't you! We made a deal!
TREVES: I know what you've done to him and he's never going back to that.
BYTES: He's a freak! That's how they live. We're partners, him and I, business partners. You're willfully deprivin' me of my livlihood!
TREVES: All you do is profit from another man's misery!
BYTES: You think you're better 'n me? YOU wanted the freak to show all your doctor chums and make a name for yourself, you guv. So I gave him to you. On trust, in the name of science! And now I want him back.
TREVES: You don't own this man!
BYTES: I want him back!
TREVES: So you can beat him? So you can starve him? A dog in the street would fare better with you!
BYTES: I've got my rights, damn you, and I'm going to the authorities!