JANE: How'd it go?
AARON: You didn't see it or speak to anybody?
JANE: No.
AARON: Then it went well.
JANE: Did it really go well?
AARON: Define your terms.
JANE: Do you feel good about it?
AARON: No.
JANE: Do others feel that you did well?
AARON: No.
JANE: Then what was good about it?
AARON: I lost six pounds...
JANE: Aaron, will you tell me?
AARON: It was great...writing my little first rate copy, sitting on my jacket, punching my one thought. But I had this historic attack of flop sweat so they'll never let me another again. Oh, I lost one of your shoulder pads -- how was your evening anyway?
JANE: What do you mean, flop sweat? -- you're making too much out of it...I'll bet you were the only one aware of it...
AARON: People phoned in.
JANE: Stop kidding. I want to know what happened.
AARON: I'm not kidding.
JANE: There were complaining phone calls because you were sweating?
AARON: No, nice ones worried that I was having a heart attack.
JANE: If all that happened, how come you're so chipper?
AARON: I don't know. At a certain point it was so off the chart bad -- it got funny. My central nervous system was telling me something. Jane -- sweat running down my face -- makeup falling into my eyes -- people turning this fusillade of blow dryers on me -- all so I could read introductions to other people who were covering stories which is what I like to do anyway. And I'm chipper because you finally showed up. I thought I'd cook for us. Tequila and eggs sound good?
JANE: I have to be somewhere.
JANE: I told what's his name -- Tom -- that I'd meet him.
AARON: Call him -- I mean it can wait, right?
JANE: I don't know. I may be in love with him.
AARON: No!!!!!
AARON: Don't go.
JANE: This is important to me.
AARON: Yeah. Well...I think it is important for you too. Sit down.
JANE: What?
AARON: Let me think a second. It's tough.
AARON: Aaach...Jane... Let's take the part that has nothing to do with me. Let's let me be your most trusted friend, the one that gets to say awful things to you. You know?
JANE: Yes, I guess. Yes.
AARON: You can't end up with Tom because it goes totally against everything you're about.
JANE: Yeah -- being a basket case.
AARON: I know you care about him. I've never seen you like this about anyone, so please don't take it wrong when I tell you that I believe that Tom, while a very nice guy, is the Devil.
JANE: This isn't friendship.
AARON: What do you think the Devil is going to look like if he's around? Nobody is going to be taken in if he has a long, red, pointy tail. No. I'm semi-serious here. He will look attractive and he will be nice and helpful and he will get a job where he influences a great God-fearing nation and he will never do an evil thing...he will just bit by little bit lower standards where they are important. Just coax along flash over substance... Just a tiny bit. And he will talk about all of us really being salesmen. And he'll get all the great women.
JANE: I think you're the Devil.
AARON: No. You know that I'm not.
JANE: How?
AARON: Because we have the kind of relationship where if I were the Devil, you'd be the only one I told.
JANE: You were quick enough to get Tom's help when...
AARON: Yes, yes. I know. Right. And if it had gone well for me tonight, maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all this...I grant you everything but give me this...he does personify everything you've been fighting against...And I'm in love with you. How do you like that? -- I buried the lead.
AARON: I've got to not say that aloud; it takes too much out of me.
JANE: Sit down, stop.