BOBBY: Are there snakes out here?
GRACE: They hear you comin'. They won't bother you. Just don't sneak up on 'em.
BOBBY: Doesn't the isolation bother you?
GRACE: Yeah, but I like the sun. I grew up on a reservation. The sun, the desert; they like a religion to us. Jake's the same way. He loves the desert. I guess we're alike that way. That's about the only way.
BOBBY: You love him?
GRACE: No.
BOBBY: Did you ever?
GRACE: Depends on what you call love. I grew up on a reservation. A patch of desert in the middle of nowhere. That's where they stick Indians, Bobby. That's where they leave us to die. My brother killed himself when he was 19 cause he couldn't take it anymore. There's no hope there... Jake was my ticket out. Mom and me.
BOBBY: Is that why you're with him?
GRACE: I let him think he was courtin' me, but I reeled him in like a fish on a line. I wanted him. I wanted what he could give me, and I would've done anything to get him. Is that love?
BOBBY: I'm guessing no.
GRACE: Yeah, I guess you're right.
BOBBY: I take it things didn't much work out the way you planned.
GRACE: I'm still here, aren't I? See this?
GRACE: All this nothing? It doesn't get to Jake like it gets to me. He says he don't mind being nothing but a big fish in a small pond. More like a little fish in a dried up watering hole.
BOBBY: You could leave him.
GRACE: I don't know how.
BOBBY: Walk away.
GRACE: It's not that easy. Maybe you can take chances; maybe you can wander around like some stray wherever you please. I can't. I don't want to be alone. I need to know I'm going to be taken care of.
BOBBY: You need a meal ticket is what you mean. Some guy you can latch onto just long enough for him to get you out of here.
GRACE: Is that so bad? It's not like I wouldn't try to make him happy. For awhile, anyway. I mean, I would ... do things for him. I guess I'm no good that way. I guess I tried to sucker you along like that. Do you hate me for it? I wouldn't blame you if you did. But maybe it's like you said: You just got to do whatever it takes to get out.