BUDDY: Just for a second. Please, Rose, what's the harm?
ROSE: Buddy, you don't realize it but what you're doing isn't nice.
BUDDY: Aw, come on, Rose, I want to see what the nipple on it is like.
ROSE: You don' t need to know that. It's none of your business.
BUDDY: Aw, be a good sport, Rose. You like me, don't you? I like you a lot.
ROSE: Well, are you satisfied now? Can we just lie and talk, huh?
BUDDY: Hmmph. It has a nipple, all right.
ROSE: 'Course it does.
BUDDY: First I couldn't feel it, but now I feel it easily, it's like a little acorn.
ROSE: All right, that's enough. You're just a child and wouldn't understand it, but that type of thing can stir a girl up. Now lie back and we'll talk.
BUDDY: That was very interesting. Thank you, Rose.
ROSE: Don't mention it.
BUDDY: It was softer'n I thought, that was my main impression. You know, if you hit a girl there it would hurt her a lot.
ROSE: Who would want to do such a thing as that?
BUDDY: Well, some fiend might.
ROSE: You know, Buddy, sometimes I can't figure you out at all. You can be very nice, but like your mother said there's an evil streak in you.
BUDDY: There's an evil streak in everybody, Rose.
ROSE: There ain't none in your Daddy. You know, what happened has just made me love him all the more. I not only love him, I respect him, I admire him.
BUDDY: Rose, I have a serious favor to ask you.
ROSE: Most men wouldn't do what he done. If they can get a girl they go right ahead and get her -- I guess to hell they do, just like a dern rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves. They're a bunch of monkeys. I like 'em, but they're a bunch of monkeys.
BUDDY: Rose, since you're here in bed with me and everything and I've already touched your titty...
ROSE: Why, Buddy, shut your mouth! What an awful thing to say, and where did you get any such idea as that, anyhow?
BUDDY: I'm curious to see what it's like. I'm very curious, Rose.
ROSE: Well, now that is just too bad! Curiosity killed the cat.
BUDDY: Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back. Can I?
ROSE: No! You ought to be ashamed of yourself astin' such a nasty things a child your age!
BUDDY: Can't I touch it a little, Rose -- not a lot, just a little?
ROSE: Of course you can't! I'm... I'm shocked at you, Buddy, real shocked! Now you be quiet or I'm going back to my own bed!
BUDDY: Please, Rose. I'm curious, that's all, I have a natural curiosity, it's only human. You're my friend, aren't you? Don't you like me? I like you, Rose, a lot -- in fact, I love you.
ROSE: Well, you're sweet, but you don't really love me.
BUDDY: Yes, I do. Please, Rose, be a good sport.
ROSE: Buddy, you're just a child.
BUDDY: I'm thirteen. And I have a natural curiosity. It's only nature, Rose, that's all. Now what's wrong with nature, huh?
ROSE: Well, nothin'.
MOTHER: What's the matter, hon? Is anything wrong?
DADDY: No, darlin'. Just that damnable insomnia in reverse. I sleep like a baby for an hour then I'm wide awake. You go back to sleep.