MAX: We got separated right away. I never knew how many made it.
LOGAN: How well do you remember the lab?
MAX: I remember fine. I just didn't understand what was going on. They never told us anything except what to do. It took me a long time afterwards to figure things out.
LOGAN: How much do you know?
MAX: I know they made me. Even got the label on my neck to prove it.
LOGAN: The technical term for you is chimera"..."
MAX: Yeah...a made-up creature. Like in mythology...with the head of a lion, the body of a goat and the tail of...
LOGAN: A girl.
MAX: Your basic hodge-podge.
LOGAN: Hardly...
MAX: Christmas is a snap when you got no parents or relatives, just a bunch of gene sequences from probably twenty different people.
LOGAN: Like extra virgin olive oil, the best of the best.
MAX: You said you could help.
LOGAN: I need to find this technician, or anyone else who knows about Project Manticore. They would've used surrogate mothers to carry you after the in-vitro work... If I can track down one of them.
MAX: What's in it for you?
LOGAN: Your help.
MAX: I already don't like the sound of this.
LOGAN: The woman you met, Lauren. She supervised workers removing cortodiazapine from gel caps by hand and replacing it with powdered sugar. The real drug was shipped out of the country. The placebos were distributed to County VA Hospital and six veterans' clinics in the area.
MAX: That's low, but this effects me how exactly?
LOGAN: She's prepared to testify that she was instructed to do this by one of Edgar Sonrisa's managers. You know who Sonrisa is?
MAX: Yeah, I catch your hacks. He's Satan's lap dog, or something.
LOGAN: So, you know the lengths he'll go to keep her from going public... I'm turning Lauren over to Canadian law enforcement tomorrow. They'll put her in witness protection, but if you're with her the risk of her safety goes way down.
MAX: I didn't make it this far by attracting a lot of attention.
LOGAN: She's put her life on the line, and her faith in me.
MAX: They want me...bad. Or at least they don't want me grabbed up by the Chinese or whoever. Best case, I wind up back in that facility. More likely, it's a long drive out in the country, if you know what I mean.
MAX: They've lost track of me and I plan to keep it that way.
LOGAN: You're a soldier, Max. That's what you were put here for. But soldiers need a mission otherwise they tear themselves up.
MAX: That's deep. But before you lecture me about the meaning of life maybe you oughta get one...ta ta.
INGA: Where'd you clip this?
MAX: I didn't. It was a present from a guy.
INGA: Must think you're pretty special laying this on you.
MAX: Thought so. Turned out he wanted me for something else though.
INGA: Same old story. Not interested.
MAX: Thought I'd let you have first crack... Later.
INGA: What're you looking for?
MAX: A grand.
INGA: Which means I gotta fence it for two. Who's got that kinda scrilla lying around, these being the worst of the times.
MAX: I ain't mad at you...
INGA: I'll give you seventy-five bucks for it.
MAX: Later.
INGA: I shouldn't do this. But I got a client lookin' to score some fire power. Maybe you'll keep your eyes open for me.
MAX: I don't get involved with guns.
INGA: I'll make it worth your while.
MAX: It's a rule.
MAX: You're light a deuce.
INGA: Am I?
INGA: So Max, what do you do with all your money?
MAX: I got overhead...