LUTHOR: This is California. The richest, most populous state in America. And growing like a sonofagun.
SUPERMAN: I don't need a geography lesson, Luthor.
LUTHOR: No, Superman, of course not. You do get around, don't you.
LUTHOR: It's just that -- I spent a fortune on these things! And all for naught! What a waste --
SUPERMAN: Of time, Luthor.
LUTHOR: Right, right. Where was I? Ah, yes --
LUTHOR: At the San Andreas Fault. Maybe you've heard of it.
SUPERMAN: Sure. It's the joining together of two land masses pushed together eight million years ago. The fault line itself is unstable and always shifting, which is the reason you get earthquakes in the California area from time to time.
LUTHOR: Couldn't have said it better myself. Now all this -- -- west of the Fault is the most expensive real estate in the world. Los Angeles. San Diego. San Francisco. And here -- -- is just hundreds and hundreds of miles of cheap desert land. Land that happens to be owned by Lex Luthor Enterprises. Well... ...call me a fool, but ...it did occur to me that if a conventional five hundred megaton bomb were to explode at exactly the proper stress point -- -- that would trigger the upheaval that would cause the San Andreas Fault to 'do its thing.' Ah, it would've been so nice, y'know...
SUPERMAN: Nice! Most of California would have been destroyed. Millions of people would've been killed! The West Coast as we know it would have --
LUTHOR: -- Dropped into the sea! Bye-bye California! Hello, new West Coast! Gold Coast! My Coast. And now...well... I left my heart in San Francisco...
SUPERMAN: It would never have worked, Luthor. You are a dreamer -- a sick, twisted dreamer.
LUTHOR: Maybe I should get help.
SUPERMAN: It wouldn't hurt. You can't go on living in fantasies. Did you really think you could get hold of a nuclear bomb? And drop it? Why, our Strategic Defense boys would have --
LUTHOR: You're right, you're right, Superman. There were wrinkles to iron out. But, well... ...there is this new rocket, the XK 101.
SUPERMAN: The XK 101. Luthor, that operates on radio waves. And with our fail-safe system, only the President himself can push that button.
LUTHOR: I know. I know. I never promised myself a rose garden.