ANDERTON: What?
IRIS: Most of the time, all three Precognitives will see an event in the same way. But once in a while, one of them will see things differently than the other two.
ANDERTON: Jesus Christ -- why didn't I know about this?
IRIS: Because these Minority Reports are destroyed the instant they occur.
ANDERTON: Why?
IRIS: Obviously, for Precrime to function, there can't be any suggestion of fallibility. After all, what good is a Justice system that instills doubt? It may be reasonable, but it's still doubt.
ANDERTON: You're saying that I've halo'd innocent people?
IRIS: I'm saying that every so often those accused of a precrime might, just might, have an alternate future.
ANDERTON: Does Burgess know about this? About the Minority Report?
IRIS: I used to joke with Lamar that we were the mother and father of Precrime. Well, in my experience, parents often see their children as they want them to be, not as they are.
ANDERTON: Answer my question. Did Lamar Burgess know about the Minority Report?
IRIS: Yes, of course, he knew, but at the time, he felt -- we both felt their existence was... an insignificant variable.
ANDERTON: Insignificant to you maybe, but what about those people I put away with alternate futures? My God, if the country knew there was a chance they might not --
IRIS: The system would collapse.
ANDERTON: I believe in that system...
IRIS: Do you? Really?
ANDERTON: You want to bring it down.
IRIS: But you will bring it down if you kill Leo Crow. Why, that will be the most spectacular public display of how Precrime... didn't work.
ANDERTON: I'm not gonna kill anybody.
IRIS: Hold that thought.
ANDERTON: Why should I trust you?
IRIS: You shouldn't. You shouldn't trust anyone... certainly not the Attorney General who wants it all for himself. Not the young federal agent who wants your job. Not even the old man who just wants to hang onto what he's created. Don't trust anyone. Just find the Minority Report.
ANDERTON: You said they're destroyed.
IRIS: I said the record is destroyed. The original report exists for all time. I designed the system so that whenever a report occurred, it would be stored in a safe place -- but not declared.
ANDERTON: What safe place is that?
IRIS: The safest place of all.
ANDERTON: Where?
IRIS: Inside the Precog who predicted it. All you have to do is download it.
ANDERTON: That's all, huh? Just walk right into Precrime, go into the Temple, somehow tap into the Precogs, and then download this Minority Report...
IRIS: If... you have one.
ANDERTON: -- and then walk out.
IRIS: Actually, I think you'll have to run out, but yes, that's what you have to do.
ANDERTON: You're insane or you think I am.
ANDERTON: I'll get EYEscanned a dozen times before I get within ten miles of Precrime. They'll pick me up...
IRIS: Sometimes in order to see the light, you have to risk the dark.