ROLFE: What about Margie?
WADE: What about her?
ROLFE: Well, do you still plan to get married?
WADE: Yeah. She'll probably quit her job and stay out here with Pop. We can't leave him alone here, he'll set the damn place on fire. With Jill here a lot, it'll be good to have Margie around. Things are going to change in that department, by the way. I got a custody lawyer in Concord. I'm gonna see him tomorrow. All hell's gonna break loose, but it's worth it.
WADE: I want to let the gas run out. I don't want the bastard driving drunk, and he's always drunk now. After, we'll hide the keys.
ROLFE: Anything new about the shooting? Twombley?
WADE: I guess it was an accident, like everybody thinks.
ROLFE: Want to know what I think happened?
WADE: Find them everywhere.
ROLFE: I think your first response to the Twombley shooting was the correct one.
WADE: Which is?
ROLFE: That it wasn't an accident.
WADE: Then who shot him?
ROLFE: Well, your friend, I think. Jack Hewitt.
WADE: Motive. You gotta have a motive.
ROLFE: Money.
WADE: Who'd pay him that kind of money? Not the mob. They got their own guys. Specialists.
ROLFE: They wouldn't deal with a guy like Jack. Who else benefits if Twombley is suddenly dead?
WADE: I don't know. You tell me.
ROLFE: Okay. It's likely there are people in the union who don't want Twombley to testify. They probably include his son-in-law who's vice-president and will probably be the next president. I read that in the papers. What's his name, Mel Gordon?
WADE: Yeah, the guy with the BMW I told you about. I did, didn't I?
ROLFE: Here's my theory. Twombley, unaware of illegal union loans or whatever, starts nosing around cause of the investigation and finds out. Finds out his son-in-law is involved.
WADE: So Mel Gordon wouldn't want a professional hit. That'd make the feds dig deeper. He wants an accident.
ROLFE: A hunting accident is perfect.
WADE: Shit, around here, you shoot somebody in the woods, you say it was an accident, you get fined fifty bucks and your hunting license lifted. Jack's probably saying the guy shot himself cause he ain't got his deer yet and don't want his license pulled.
WADE: It's too neat. Things ain't that neat. It makes me mad. That somebody can pay to kill somebody, his own father-in-law, and not be punished for it. Don't that piss you off?
ROLFE: Not particularly.
WADE: Right's right, goddamnit! Don't you care what's right?
ROLFE: I care about what happened. The truth. I'm a student of history, remember?
ROLFE: I was thinking about that story you told me, about Pop and chopping the firewood out of the ice and after.
WADE: Yeah.
ROLFE: I hate to disappoint you, but I don't think it happened.
WADE: Of course it happened. Why would I lie about it?
ROLFE: It may have happened, but not the way you said.
WADE: You think I wouldn't remember a thing like that?
ROLFE: It wasn't me. I wasn't there, but I heard about it. When I heard about it, it was about Elbourne.
WADE: We'd have to go digging in Vietnam to ask him.
ROLFE: And Elbourne and Mom took you to the doctor and told him you fell from the hay loft.
WADE: Well, I never heard that one.
ROLFE: I remember clearly cause when I heard I became real careful around Pop. I was a careful child and I became a careful adult, but at least I wasn't afflicted by that man's violence.
WADE: That's what you think.