KLAATU: You have faith, Professor Barnhardt
BARNHARDT: It isn't faith that makes good science, Mr. Klaatu. Its curiosity. Sit down, please. I have several thousand questions to ask you.
KLAATU: I would like to explain something of my mission here.
BARNHARDT: That was my first question.
KLAATU: It was my intention to discuss this officially -- with all the nations of the Earth -- but I was not allowed the Opportunity. I have come to realize since that your mutual fears and suspicions are merely the normal reactions of a primitive society. We know from scientific observation that you have discovered a rudimentary kind of atomic energy. We also know that you are experimenting with rockets.
BARNHARDT: Yes -- that is true.
KLAATU: In the hands of a mature civilization, these would not be considered weapons of aggression. But in the hands of your people-- We've observed your aggressive tendencies, and we don't trust you with such power.
BARNHARDT: If you mean that you are afraid of us--
KLAATU: We want to be sure you don't make -- let us say -- an unfortunate mistake. We know the potentiality of these developments and we are disturbed to find them in the hands of children... You see, we've had atomic energy for five thousand of your years. We discarded instruments like this many centuries ago. So long as you were limited to fighting among yourselves -- with your primitive tanks and planes -- we were unconcerned. But soon you will apply atomic energy to space ships -- and then you become a threat to the peace and security of other planets. That, of course, we cannot tolerate.
BARNHARDT: These other planets -- do they have peace and security?
KLAATU: We had our atomic wars -- thousands of years ago. After that we fought with bows and arrows. Then, slowly, we learned that fighting is no solution -- that aggression leads to chaos.
BARNHARDT: We scientists understand this. Even we primitive scientists. What exactly is the nature of your mission, Mr. Klaatu?
KLAATU: I came here to warn you that, by threatening danger, your planet faces danger -- very grave danger. I am prepared, however, to offer a solution.
BARNHARDT: Would you care to be more specific?
KLAATU: What I have to say must be said to all concerned. It is too important to be entrusted to any individual.
BARNHARDT: I gather that your efforts on the official level were not entirely successful.
KLAATU: I come to you as a last resort -- and I confess that my patience is wearing thin. Must I take drastic action in order to get a hearing?
BARNHARDT: What -- what sort of action do you mean?
KLAATU: Violent action -- since that seems to be the only thing you people understand. Leveling the island of Manhattan, perhaps -- or dropping the Rock of Gibraltar into the sea.
BARNHARDT: Would you be willing to meet with the group of scientists I am calling together?. Perhaps you could explain your mission to them, and they in turn could present it to their various peoples.
KLAATU: That's what I came to see you about.
BARNHARDT: It is not enough to have men of science. We scientists are too easily ignored -- or misunderstood. We must get important men from every field. Educators -- philosophers -- church leaders -- men of vision and imagination -- the finest minds in the world.
KLAATU: I leave that in your hands.
BARNHARDT: You'd have no objection to revealing yourself at this meeting?
KLAATU: No -- not at all.
BARNHARDT: What about your personal safety in the meantime? What about the Army -- and the police?
KLAATU: My name is Carpenter and I'm a very earthy character living in a respectable boarding house.
BARNHARDT: I'm afraid I can't offer you any real protection. I have no influence in cases of inter-planetary conspiracy.
KLAATU: I'm sure I'll be quite safe until the meeting.
BARNHARDT: One thing, Mr. Klaatu. Suppose this group should reject your proposals. What is the alternative?
KLAATU: I'm afraid you have no alternative. In such, a case the planet Earth would have to be-- --eliminated.
BARNHARDT: Such power exists?
KLAATU: I assure you such power exists.
BARNHARDT: The people who came to the meeting must be made to realize this. They must understand what is at stake. You mentioned a demonstration of force--
KLAATU: Yes.
BARNHARDT: Would such, a demonstration be possible before the meeting?
KLAATU: Yes -- of course.
BARNHARDT: Something that would dramatize for them and for their people the seriousness of the situation. Something that would affect the entire planet.
KLAATU: That can easily be arranged.
BARNHARDT: I wouldn't want you to harm anybody -- or destroy anything.
KLAATU: Why don't you leave it to me? I'll think of something.
BARNHARDT: Maybe a little demonstration.
KLAATU: Something dramatic -- but not destructive. It's quite an interesting problem. Would day after tomorrow be all right? Say about noon?