DENBY: Then, after the first number, I tell the one about the Scotchman trying to open a Pullman window--the Scotchman says to the window--Gee you're tight."-- and the window says--"You loosen up a bit and so will I."--Good?--And then I do the one-- Oh--you don't like it
NED: Chad--Lother's on the boat, and I'm worried sick about Sally--
DENBY: Oh!--So that's it. Does she know he's on board?
NED: No--but I'm going to keep my eye on--
SALLY: Am I a member of this club?
DENBY: You're the President. Come in! Your brother was just telling me a few jokes I can use on the radio--
SALLY: Are you paying any attention to his jokes?--the first thing you know, you'll be taking piano lessons from Venus de Milo-- Get out of here.
DENBY: Everything O.K.?
SALLY: Just what the doctor ordered.
SALLY: Looks like your old workshop back on 42nd Street.
DENBY: Like it?
SALLY: Swell--You've got Times Square right here--all but the noises--
DENBY: Yep--spending lots of time aboard--you see, Sally, I sold this Transatlantic idea to the shipping company.
SALLY: And you've put it over--haven't you?
DENBY: Why not? I give 'em a great show--and you know-- We're doing capacity, Sally--and all <U>Nice</U> people--
SALLY: You never fail at anything, do you, Chad?
DENBY: No--not much--excepting--
SALLY: Still got my picture, I see--I was pretty dumb then, wasn't I, Chad?
DENBY: No--Inexperienced-- A red-headed kid--homemade clothes--Broadway was Paradise--and a slot at the Automat was a Banquet.
SALLY: I came to tell you what a swell guy I think you are to do this--
DENBY: Do what--
SALLY: You made it possible for us to get away at a few hours' notice--you never asked why, but I guess you know.
DENBY: News travels fast on Broadway--you had to get away from a rat--
SALLY: It wasn't only that--Ned was in a jam.
DENBY: I get it--Lee Lother have a hand in that, too?
SALLY: I was so crazy about him--anything he did or said was O.K. by me. I introduced him to people--even after I knew his stock promoting was phoney and the card games were crooked. It didn't seem to matter--I didn't care-- --until he roped Ned in. Some confidence game--and the kid left his fingerprints on a drinking glass.
DENBY: I felt pretty low, Sally, when I heard you were running around with a racketeer--
SALLY: Women have a curious taste for knickknacks. When I found out about Ned--tried to make a break--Lee wouldn't stand for it and--well--here I am!
DENBY: Stay on the other side of the pond for a couple of months--you'll soon forget all about it.
SALLY: Chad Denby broadcasting-- --the nicest man I ever knew--
DENBY: But not nice enough to marry--eh?
SALLY: Come on, now--you've forgotten all about that.
DENBY: I'll never love anybody else.
SALLY: Women are such fools!--Why do so many of us pass up <U>right</U> guys?
DENBY: Guess they're dull--nothing for you to reform.