SHELDRAKE: Baxter?
BUD: Yes, sir.
SHELDRAKE: I was sort of wondering what you looked like. Sit down.
BUD: Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.
SHELDRAKE: Been hearing some very nice things about you -- here's a report from Mr. Dobisch -- loyal, cooperative, resourceful --
BUD: Mr. Dobisch said that?
SHELDRAKE: And Mr. Kirkeby tells me that several nights a week you work late at the office -- without overtime.
BUD: Well, you know how it is -- things pile up.
SHELDRAKE: Mr. Vanderhof, in Public Relations, and Mr. Eichelberger, in Mortgage and Loan -- they'd both like to have you transferred to their departments.
BUD: That's very flattering.
SHELDRAKE: Tell me, Baxter -- just what is it that makes you so popular?
BUD: I don't know.
SHELDRAKE: Think.
BUD: Would you mind repeating the question?
SHELDRAKE: Look, Baxter, I'm not stupid. I know everything that goes on in this building -- in every department -- on every floor -- every day of the year.
BUD: You do?
SHELDRAKE: In 1957, we had an employee here, name of Fowler. He was very popular, too. Turned out he was running a bookie joint right in the Actuarial Department tying up the switchboard, figuring the odds on our I.B.M. machines -- so the day before the Kentucky Derby, I called in the Vice Squad and we raided the thirteenth floor.
BUD: The Vice Squad?
SHELDRAKE: That's right, Baxter.
BUD: What -- what's that got to do with me? I'm not running any bookie joint.
SHELDRAKE: What kind of joint are you running?
BUD: Sir?
SHELDRAKE: There's a certain key floating around the office -- from Kirkeby to Vanderhof to Eichelberger to Dobisch -- it's the key to a certain apartment -- and you know who that apartment belongs to?
BUD: Who?
SHELDRAKE: Loyal, cooperative, resourceful C. C. Baxter.
BUD: Oh.
SHELDRAKE: Are you going to deny it?
BUD: No, sir. I'm not going to deny it. But if you'd just let me explain --
SHELDRAKE: You better.
BUD: Well, about six months ago -- I was going to night school, taking this course in Advanced Accounting -- and one of the guys in our department -- he lives in Jersey -- he was going to a banquet at the Biltmore -- his wife was meeting him in town, and he needed someplace to change into a tuxedo -- so I gave him the key and word must have gotten around -- because the next thing I knew, all sorts of guys were suddenly going to banquets -- and when you give the key to one guy, you can't say no to another and the whole thing got out of hand -- pardon me.
SHELDRAKE: Baxter, an insurance company is founded on public trust. Any employee who conducts himself in a manner unbecoming -- How many charter members are there in this little club of yours?
BUD: Just those four -- out of a total of 31,259 -- so actually, we can be very proud of our personnel -- percentage-wise.
SHELDRAKE: That's not the point. Four rotten apples in a barrel -- no matter how large the barrel -- you realize that if this ever leaked out --
BUD: Oh, it won't. Believe me. And it's not going to happen again. From now on, nobody is going to use my apartment --
SHELDRAKE: Where is your apartment?
BUD: West 67th Street. You have no idea what I've been going through -- with the neighbors and the landlady and the liquor and the key --
SHELDRAKE: How do you work it with the key?
BUD: Well, usually I slip it to them in the office and they leave it under the mat -- but never again -- I can promise you that --