BUD: Hello again, I been holding these drinks for us for the last three weeks.
DARIEN: Excuse me.
BUD: Grand Marnier. A romantic and tragic drink.
DARIEN: Oh yes, I remember you.
BUD: Destiny took us apart, but I knew it would bring us back together.
DARIEN: Aha. Poet or philosopher?
BUD: Stock broker. As in: never have so few done so little for so much. So what do you see in this?
DARIEN: I'd give anything to have this in my house, even for a week.
BUD: ...few thousand dollars down the drain if you ask me.
DARIEN: Oh really? Well, I guess you can kiss that career as an art appraiser goodbye, because we paid over four hundred thousand for it at the contemporary picture sale last June.
BUD: You could have a great beach house for that.
DARIEN: Sure you could, in Wildwood, New Jersey. If you sold this, you could have a pretty nice penthouse on Fifth. But you wouldn't have much left over for decoration.
BUD: Boy, I thought Gordon was a tough businessman, but somebody's really taking him to the cleaners here.
DARIEN: Not really. I'd say that Gordon is one of the most astute collectors around. He has a great eye and he only buys the best. Like this rug for instance, a silk Tabriz, the finest of its kind. The day after he bought it in London, a dealer representing the Saudi Royal Family offered him twice what he paid. It absolutely makes the room. See how this little bit of celadon in the border is picked up in the cushions oh the sofa... although... I don't know if I would have used that tea dipped linen for the upholstery - too dingy. And it's a sacrilege having that Pre-Columbian pot in the center of the coffee table. Some dope might use it as an ashtray.
BUD: I gather you're a decorator.
DARIEN: You got it, a great spender of other people's money.
BUD: Well, if you're that good, you could probably do wonders at my place.
DARIEN: Where is it?
BUD: Upper West Side.
DARIEN: Oh really. Home of the exposed brick wall and the houseplant.
BUD: Oh it's just a rental. I'm moving to the East Side soon. I've got a couple of deals brewing with Gordon. but that's just conversation... what about real things? Like dinner. The two of us. Friday. Cafe. Santo Domingo.
DARIEN: What if I have a previous engagement?
BUD: Break it.
DARIEN: I guess this must be destiny alright. My first yuppie apartment and... my first yuppie.
BUD: You may call me a yuppie... It's Mister Yuppie to you.
BUD: So. See you Friday.
DARIEN: You really do believe in destiny?
BUD: Only if I want something bad enough.