RONNY: What's the matter?
LORETTA: How can you ask me that?
RONNY: You're making me feel guilty again.
LORETTA: You are guilty. I'm guilty.
RONNY: Of what? Only God can point the finger, Loretta.
LORETTA: I know what I know.
RONNY: And what do you know? You tell me my life? I'll tell you yours. I'm a wolf? You run to the wolf in me, that don't make you no lamb! You're gonna marry my brother? Why you wanna sell your life short? Playing it safe is just about the most dangerous thing a woman like you could do. You waited for the right man the first time, why didn't you wait for the right man again?
LORETTA: He didn't come!
RONNY: I'm here!
LORETTA: You're late!
RONNY: We're here.
LORETTA: This is your place.
RONNY: That's right.
LORETTA: This is where we're going!
RONNY: Yeah.
LORETTA: The deal was if I came to the Opera with you you'd leave me alone forever.
LORETTA: I went with you. Now I'm gonna marry Johnny and you're gonna leave me alone. Right? A person can see where they've messed up in their life, and they can change how they do things, and they can change their Luck. Maybe my nature does draw me to you, but I don't haveta go with that. I can take hold of myself and say yes to some things and no to something that's just gonna ruin everything! I can do that. Otherwise, what is this stupid life that God gave us for what? Ronny? Are you listening to me?
RONNY: Yeah.
LORETTA: I'm really afraid.
RONNY: Why?
LORETTA: I'm afraid of who I am.
RONNY: I was.
LORETTA: And you're not now?
LORETTA: Why not?
RONNY: I don't know. Everything seems like nothing now against that I want you in my bed. I don't care if I burn in hell. I don't care if you burn in hell. The Past and Future is a joke to me now. I see that they're nothing, I see they ain't here. The only thing that's here is you. And me. I want you to come upstairs. Now. I tried to take everything last night, like you told me, but I couldn't. I couldn't take everything in a hundred years. It's the way we are. We compound each other.
LORETTA: Let me go home.
RONNY: No.
LORETTA: Let me go home.
RONNY: No.
LORETTA: I'm freezing to death.
RONNY: Come upstairs. I don't care why you come. No, that's not what I mean. Loretta, I love you. Not like they told you love is and I didn't know this either. But love don't make things nice, it ruins everything, it breaks your heart, it makes things a mess. We're not here to make things perfect. Snowflakes are perfect. The stars are perfect. Not us. We are here to ruin ourselves and break our hearts and love the wrong people and die! The storybooks are bullshit. Come upstairs with me, baby! Don't try to live your life out to somebody else's idea of sweet happiness. Don't try to live on milk and cookies when what you want is meat! Red meat just like me! It's wolves run with wolves and nothing else! You're a wolf just like me! Come upstairs with me and get in my bed! Come on! Come on! Come on!