LEO: That was quite a show you gave them today. We shoulda sold tickets.
PETE: I'm not sorry for what I said.
LEO: No, of course not, why should you be sorry? You're the new Peter Appleton. You exercised your rights as a solid citizen, first amendment, freedom of speech, all that. Very noble.
LEO: Cigarette?
PETE: No thanks.
LEO: When'd you quit smoking?
PETE: Luke didn't smoke.
LEO: Oh, I see. But you're not Luke. You're Peter Appleton, the picture writer.
PETE: Not any more.
LEO: Why not?
PETE: Leo, you were in there, you saw what I did. You think they're gonna let me write pictures? Hell, they're probably gonna throw my ass in jail.
LEO: Not at all.
PETE: Besides, I don't even know if I want to write anymore.
LEO: What, you're going to go back to that hick town and run the projector and marry the doctor's daughter?
LEO: Peter, I'm an agent. I buy lunches and get deals made for guys like you. That's what I do. You're a writer. You write pictures. That's what you do. And trust me, you'll be back doing it again tomorrow morning.
PETE: What do you mean?
LEO: Kid, you gave them what they wanted. This committee, it feeds on names. The more names, the better. But for some high-profile witnesses, like yourself, any name will do.
PETE: Leo, I didn't give them the names. I wouldn't do that.
LEO: What, all of a sudden, Lucille Angstrom" isn't a name?"
PETE: Her name was right there in front of them. They gave it to me, I didn't give it to them.
LEO: Well, that's not what they think.
PETE: Leo, she was... she was a girl I knew in college...
LEO: You should keep track of your old school chums. Turns out she eventually joined the communist party. On top of which, she's Lucy Angstrom Hirschfeld now, and she happens to be a writer for Studio One" on CBS."
PETE: Oh god, oh, god, no, I...
LEO: So, our lawyers had a talk with the Committee's lawyers. That Elvin Clyde fella won't be too happy about it, but we cut a deal. They cleared you -- and they're gonna thank you publicly for your testimony purging yourself.
PETE: Thank me publicly? For what? For ruining this woman's life?
LEO: Climb down off your cross. They already knew about her. She was subpoenaed six months ago! Who the hell do you think named you?