ELLIE: So. Is this kosher fraternizing with the enemy like this?
JOSS: Some of my best friends are scientists.
ELLIE: I was referring to the selectees mingling with the selectors.
JOSS: Some of my best friends are scientists. They're saying the machine is alive.
ELLIE: Not exactly. It has organic qualities, but we don't really understand how they're integrated with the mechanical systems.
JOSS: Maybe you're creating a monster.
ELLIE: I don't think so.
JOSS: Why?
ELLIE: It's too... elegant. The degree of economy is extraordinary; it's really the next logical step... Even on Earth technology has always aspired to a condition of nature. D.N.A. outclasses any computer we can come up with; the human body is the most exquisitely designed machine imaginable.
JOSS: In other words, God is one hell of an engineer.
ELLIE: In other words.
JOSS: Relativity. Explain this to me one more time... even if you traveled near the speed of light, when you came back --
ELLIE: If you came back.
JOSS: If you came back... you'd only be four years older -- but over 50 years would have passed on Earth.
ELLIE: Something like that.
JOSS: And everybody you care about would be dead and buried.
ELLIE: If you came back. If you survived at all. Which it's pretty certain you wouldn't.
JOSS: You're willing to die for this.
ELLIE: It's what my whole life's been... aimed at; the only thing that's given it a sense of purpose.
ELLIE: I read your book.
JOSS: Really.
ELLIE: Losing Faith: The Search For Meaning In the Age of Reason. Catchy.
JOSS: What'd you think?
ELLIE: I'm more interested in the story behind the story... How a young man goes from living on the streets of South Boston to being the best- selling media figure rubbing elbows with the President.
JOSS: I won't deny I was ambitious. When I had my... experience... I wanted to tell my story to as many people as possible. I'm the first to admit that process included making some compromises. You didn't answer my question.
ELLIE: I thought it was well-written. Heart-felt. And a little bit naive... But that's just the enemy's perspective.
JOSS: I don't consider you the enemy, Ellie. I'm not 'out to get' technology. I only ask the question: Does it have to have all the answers? I look out there and I see so much emptiness... People are so starved for meaning, and it's something they just don't seem to be getting from science.
ELLIE: Did you ever stop to think that maybe that isn't science's fault, but meaning's?
JOSS: I don't follow.
ELLIE: Maybe the reason people are having trouble finding meaning isn't because science has obscured it... maybe it's just revealed it isn't there.
JOSS: Do you really believe your life is meaningless?
ELLIE: I don't know. But as a scientist I have to consider that possibility.
JOSS: And yet you're willing to die for this cause, the one thing that's given your life a sense of purpose. Don't you see the contradiction here -- ?
ELLIE: It's getting late...
JOSS: What are you so afraid of, Ellie?