BURNS: Was it my fault? Did I know that coal mine was going to have another cave-in? I meant to be with you on our honeymoon, Hildy -- honest I did.
HILDY: All I know is that instead of two weeks in Atlantic City with my bridegroom, I spent two weeks in a coal mine with John Kruptzky -- age sixty-three -- getting food and air out of a tube! You don't deny that. Do you?
BURNS: Deny it! I'm proud of it! We beat the whole country on that story.
HILDY: Well, suppose we did? That isn't what I got married for. What's the good of -- Look, Walter, I came up here to tell you that you'll have to stop phoning me a dozen times a day -- sending twenty telegrams -- all the rest of it, because I'm --
BURNS: Let's not fight, Hildy. Tell you what. You come back to work on the paper and if we find we can't get along in a friendly way, we'll get married again.
HILDY: What?!!
BURNS: I haven't any hard feelings.
HILDY: Walter, you're wonderful in a loathesome sort of way. Now, would you mind keeping quiet long enough for me to tell you what I came up here for?
BURNS: Sure, come on. We'll have some lunch and you can tell me everything.
HILDY: I have a lunch date. I just want --
BURNS: You can break it, can't you?
HILDY: No, I can't.
BURNS: Sure you can. Come on.
HILDY: Don't tell me what to do! We're divorced -- I'm a free woman. You're not my husband and you're not my boss! And what's more, you're not going to be my boss.
BURNS: What do you mean by that?
HILDY: Just what I said. That's what I --
BURNS: You mean you're not coming back to work here?
HILDY: That's the first time you've been right today. That's what I --
BURNS: You've had a better offer, eh?
HILDY: You bet I've got a better offer.
BURNS: Well, go on and take it. Work for somebody else! That's the gratitude I get for --
HILDY: I know, Walter, but I --
BURNS: What were you when you came here five years ago? A little college girl from a School of Journalism! I took a little doll-faced mugg --
HILDY: You wouldn't have taken me if I hadn't been doll-faced!
BURNS: Why should I? I thought it would be a novelty to have a face around here a man could look at without shuddering.
HILDY: Listen, Walter --
BURNS: I made a great reporter out of you, Hildy, but you won't be half as good on any other paper, and you know it. You need me and I need you -- and the paper needs both of us.
HILDY: Well, the paper'll have to learn to do without me. And so will you. It just didn't work out, Walter.
BURNS: It would have worked if you'd been satisfied with just being editor and reporter. But no! You had to marry me and spoil everything.
HILDY: I wasn't satisfied! I suppose I proposed to you!
BURNS: Well, you practically did! Making goo-goo eyes at me for two years till I broke down. And I still claim I was tight the night I proposed. If you'd been a gentleman you'd have forgotten all about it. But not you!
HILDY: You -- you --