MICHAEL: This doubles my investment.
ROTH: Still no word of your courier? We'll find him. But at least this will satisfy our friends here. You've been invited to the New Year reception at the Presidential Home. I understand your brother is here as well; I hope he'll come.
MICHAEL: Six million dollars in cash is a high price for a piece of a country in the middle of a revolution.
ROTH: You're a careful kid, and that's good. But look. An international dispatch on the wire service. American journalism, not propaganda. The government troops have all but eliminated the rebels. All but their radio station.
MICHAEL: I've read it; I'm pleased that the government is doing so well. As a heavy investor, I'm pleased. How did the doctor find you?
ROTH: Terrible. I'd give twice this amount to take a piss without it hurting.
MICHAEL: Who had Frankie Pantangeli killed?
ROTH: Why...the Rosato Brothers.
MICHAEL: I know that; but who gave the go ahead.
MICHAEL: I know it wasn't me...so that leaves you.
ROTH: There was this kid that I grew up with; he was a couple years younger than me, and sort of looked up to me, you know. We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street. Things were good and we made the most of it. During prohibition, we ran molasses up to Canada and made a fortune; your father too. I guess as much as anyone, I loved him and trusted him. Later on he had an idea to make a city out of a desert stop-over for G.I.'s on the way to the West Coast. That kid's name was Moe Greene, and the city he invented was Las Vegas. This was a great man; a man with vision and guts; and there isn't even a plaque or a signpost or a statue of him in that town. Someone put a bullet through his eye; no one knows who gave the order. When I heard about it I wasn't angry. I knew Moe; I knew he was headstrong, and talking loud, and saying stupid things. So when he turned up dead, I let it go, and said to myself: this is the business we've chosen. I never asked, who gave the go ahead because it had nothing to do with business.