ARMITAGE: I'll think you'll find everything in working order. Molly's just having a little fun.
CASE: I don't call this fun, pal. You're playing God with my body.
ARMITAGE: You're a substance abuser, Case. Your pancreas was shot. Wouldn't have lasted out the year. We did you a favour and liberated you from a dangerous dependency in the bargain.
CASE: Thanks, but I was enjoying that dependency.
ARMITAGE: Good, because you've got a new one.
ARMITAGE: There are fifteen toxin sacs bonded to the lining of your main arteries. They're dissolving, Case... slowly, but they're definitely dissolving. You have just long enough to do the job.
CASE: You son of a bitch...
MOLLY: Easy...
ARMITAGE: Play it straight with me and you've got nothing to worry about. When it's over, I inject you with the antitoxin.
CASE: Why'd you do it, Armitage?
ARMITAGE: The disturbance in cyberspace... It's an A.I.
CASE: Right. And no one would take on an A.I.... If they had a choice.
MOLLY: What's an A.I.
ARMITAGE: An Artificial Intelligence. A computer system that's developed the capacity for sentient thought. They're dangerous and totally unpredictable.
CASE: First sign of free will, Sense/Net usually slags 'em.
ARMITAGE: This one's different. No one can trace it. It's out there somewhere in the matrix and it's growing stronger... infecting other computer systems like a virus.
CASE: Anything rated higher than a P.C.'s got a hard-wired suicide switch. It'll self- destruct.
ARMITAGE: It hasn't yet.
CASE: I've heard about rogue A.I.'s, but there's only one guy who actually went up against one.
ARMITAGE: Dixie McCoy
CASE: Right. Best cowboy that ever punched deck. The old man taught me most of what I know.
ARMITAGE: I've arranged for him to work with us.
CASE: That's gonna be tough because Dixie McCoy's dead. The A.I. flatlined him.
ARMITAGE: I know. You ever work with ghosts, Case?
CASE: What are you talking about?
ARMITAGE: Sense/Net taped a full spectrum personality construct on McCoy six months before his death. Everything Dixie was -- everything Dixie still knows exists as a digitised construct. Of course a tape can get misplaced in a library the size of Sense/Net's.
CASE: Working with a dead man. Shit, I've done about everything else.
ARMITAGE: You'll be ready for a trial run in two days. If your splices hold, you'll use McCoy to trace the A.I.'s coordinates.
CASE: And then?
ARMITAGE: Then we rendezvous with the final member of our team. For now, that's all you need to know.
CASE: It's just that sometimes I wonder what team I'm playin' on.