FOLEY: Boy, it stunk in there.
KAREN: I believe it. You've ruined a nine- hundred-dollar suit my dad gave me.
FOLEY: Yeah, went real nice with that twelve gauge, too. Tell me, why in the world would someone like you ever become a federal marshall?
KAREN: The idea of going after guys like you appealed to me.
FOLEY: Guys like me, huh. Well, listen, even though I've been celibate lately, I'm not gonna force myself on you. I've never done that in my life.
KAREN: You wouldn't have time anyway. We come to a roadblock, they'll run the car, find out in five seconds who it belongs to.
FOLEY: If they get set up in time, which I doubt. And even if they do they'll be looking for a buncha little Latin fellas, not a big black guy driving a Ford.
KAREN: Must be quite a pal, risk his own ass like this.
FOLEY: Who, Buddy? Yeah. He's a good guy. Back when we jailed together, he'd call his sister every week without fail. She's a born-again Christian, does bookkeeping for a televangelist. Buddy calls her up, confesses his sins, tells her about whatever bank he happened to rob.
KAREN: Buddy. That's his given name?
FOLEY: One I gave him, yeah. Fuck...
KAREN: So, what's <u>your</u> name? It'll be in the paper tomorrow anyway.
FOLEY: Jack Foley. You've probably heard of me.
KAREN: Why, are you famous?
FOLEY: Time I was convicted in California? FBI told me I'd robbed more banks than anyone in the computer.
KAREN: How many was that?
FOLEY: Tell you the truth, I don't know. I started when I was eighteen, driving for my Uncle Cully and his partner, Gus. They go into a bank this one time in Slidell, Gus jumps the counter to get the tellers and breaks his leg. All three of us ended up in Angola.
KAREN: That's funny.
FOLEY: I thought so, too.
KAREN: It was me, I woulda left ol' Gus on the floor.
FOLEY: I believe you would have. Another fall, I did seven years at Lompoc. And I don't mean the place next door where some of Nixon's people went.
KAREN: I know the difference. You were in Lompoc USP, the federal penitentiary. I've delivered people there. So basically you've spent half your life in prison.
FOLEY: Basically. Yeah. If I go back now, I do a full thirty years, no time off. Can you imagine looking at that?
KAREN: I don't have to. I don't rob banks.
FOLEY: You don't seem all that scared.
KAREN: Of course I am.
FOLEY: You don't act like it.
KAREN: What do you want me to do? Scream? I don't think it would help much. I'm just gonna sit back, take it easy, and wait for you to screw up.
FOLEY: Jesus, you sound like my ex-wife.
KAREN: You were married? All those falls, I'm surprised you had time.
FOLEY: It was just a year, give or take a few days. I mean, it's not like we didn't get along or anything. We had fun, we just didn't have that... that thing, you know? That spark, you know what I mean? You gotta have that.
KAREN: Uh-huh.
FOLEY: We still talk, though.
KAREN: Sure.
KAREN: You know, this isn't gonna end well, these things never do.
FOLEY: Yeah, well, if it turns out I get shot like a dog, it'll be in the street, not off a goddamn fence.
KAREN: You must see yourself as some kind of Clyde Barrow.
FOLEY: Oh, you mean of Bonnie and Clyde? Hm. You ever see pictures of him, the way he wore his hat? You could tell he had that don't-give-a-shit air about him.
KAREN: I don't recall his hat, but I've seen pictures of him lying dead, shot by Texas Rangers. Did you know he didn't have his shoes on?
FOLEY: Is that right?
KAREN: They put a hundred and eighty-seven bullet holes in Clyde, Bonnie Parker and the car they were driving. Bonnie was eating a sandwich.
FOLEY: You're full of interesting facts, aren't you?
KAREN: It was May, 1934, near Gibsland, Louisiana.
FOLEY: That part in the movie where they get shot? Warren Beatty and... I can't think of her name.
KAREN: Faye Dunaway.
FOLEY: Yeah, I liked her in that movie about TV...
KAREN: <i>Network</i>. Yeah, she was good.
FOLEY: And the guy saying he wasn't gonna take any more shit from anybody...
KAREN: Peter Finch.
FOLEY: Yeah, right. Anyway, that scene where Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway get shot? I remember thinking at the time it wouldn't be a bad way to go, if you have to.
KAREN: Bleeding on a country road.
FOLEY: It wasn't pretty after, no, but if you were in that car -- eating a sandwich -- you wouldn't have known what hit you.
FOLEY: You're sure easy to talk to. I wonder -- say we met under different circumstances and got to talking, say you were in a bar and I came up to you -- I wonder what would happen.
KAREN: Nothing.
FOLEY: I mean if you didn't know who I was.
KAREN: You'd probably tell me.
FOLEY: I'm just saying I think if we met under different circumstances...
KAREN: You have to be kidding.
FOLEY: Another one Faye Dunaway was in I liked, <i>Three Days of the Condor</i>.
KAREN: With Robert Redford, when he was young.
FOLEY: Yeah...
KAREN: I never thought it made sense, though, the way they got together so quick.
FOLEY: Really.
KAREN: I mean, romantically.
FOLEY: Uh-huh. Well, but if --