JOE: This is her roommate. Daphne can't talk right now. Is it anything urgent?
OSGOOD: Well, it is to me. Will you give her a message? I'd like her to have a little supper with me on my yacht after the show tonight.
JOE: Got it. Supper - yacht - after the show - I'll tell her. Your yacht?
OSGOOD: The New Caledonia. That's the name of it. The Old Caledonia went down during a wild party off Cape Hatteras. But tell her not to worry - this is going to be a quiet little midnight snack - just the two of us.
JOE: Just the two of you? What about the crew?
OSGOOD: Oh, that's all taken care of. I'm giving them shore leave. We'll have a little cold pheasant - and champagne - and I checked with the Coast Guard - there'll be a full moon tonight - oh, and tell her I got a new batch of Rudy Vallee records -
JOE: That's good thinking. Daphne's a push-over for him.
JERRY: I'm a push-over for whom? What is it? Who's on the phone?
JOE: Yes, Mr. Fielding - you'll pick her up after the show in your motorboat - goodbye - what's that you said? Oh - zowie! I'll give her the message.
JERRY: What message? What motorboat?
JOE: You got it made, kid. Fielding wants you to have a little cold pheasant with him on his yacht -
JERRY: Oh, he does!
JOE: Just the three of you on that great big boat - you and him and Rudy Vallee.
JERRY: Fat chance! You call him right back and tell him I'm not going.
JOE: Of course, you're not. I'm going.
JERRY: You're going to be on the boat with that dirty old man?
JOE: No. I'm going to be on that boat with Sugar.
JERRY: And where's he going to be?
JOE: He's going to be ashore with you.
JERRY: With ME?
JOE: That's right.
JERRY: Oh, no! Not tonight, Josephine!
JOE: Daphne - your boy friend is waving at you.
JERRY: You can both go take a flying jump.
JOE: Remember - he's your date for tonight. So smile.
JOE: Come on, you can do better than that. Give him teeth - the whole personality.
JERRY: Why do I let you talk me into these things? Why?
JOE: Because we're pals - buddies - the two musketeers.
JERRY: Don't give me the musketeers! How'm I going to keep the guy ashore?
JOE: Tell him you get seasick on a yacht. Play miniature golf with him.
JERRY: Oh, no. I'm not getting caught in a miniature sand trap with that guy.
BELLHOP: Which of you dolls is Daphne?
JOE: Bull fiddle.
BELLHOP: It's from Satchel Mouth at Table Seven. This is from me to you, doll.
JOE: Beat it, Buster.
BELLHOP: Never mind leaving your door open - I got a passkey.
JERRY: What are you doing with my flowers?
JOE: I'm just borrowing them. You'll get them back tomorrow.
SUGAR: I guess he's not going to show up - it's give minutes to one - you suppose he forgot?
JOE: Well, you know how those millionaires are. These came for you.
SUGAR: For me? It's Shell Oil.
JERRY: No!
SUGAR: Yes. He wants me to have supper with him - on his yacht - he's going to pick me up at the pier.
JERRY: No!
SUGAR: Yes.
JOE: You heard her - yes.
SUGAR: Oh, Josephine - just imagine - me, Sugar Kowalczyk, from Sandusky, Ohio, on a millionaire's yacht. If my mother could only see me now -