RAY: Excuse us a minute?
FATHER: Sure. Sure.
JIM: Someone should put poison in her epsom salts.
RAY: Grandma?
JIM: Get lost.
RAY: Hang loose, boy. I'm warning you.
JIM: Wash up and go home.
RAY: Big tough character. You don't kid me, pal. How come you're not wearing your boots?
RAY: Too bad you didn't connect. You could have gone to Juvenile Hall. That's what you want, isn't it?
JIM: No.
RAY: Sure it is. You want to bug us till we have to lock you up. Why?
JIM: Leave me alone.
RAY: No.
JIM: I don't know why--!
RAY: Go on--don't give me that. Someone giving you hard looks?
JIM: I just get so-- Boy, sometimes the temperature goes way up. RAY Okay. Okay. Let it out.
RAY: You feel like you want to blow your wheels right now?
JIM: All the time! I don't know what gets into me--but I keep looking for trouble and I always--I swear you better lock me up. I'm going to smash somebody--I know it.
RAY: Try the desk.
RAY: That why you moved from the last town? 'Cause you were in trouble? You can talk about it if you want to--I know about it anyway. Routine check.
JIM: And they think they are protecting my by moving.
RAY: You were getting a good start in the wrong direction back there. Why did you do it?
JIM: Mess that kid up?
JIM: He called me chicken.
RAY: And your folks didn't understand?
JIM: They never do.
RAY: So then you moved?
JIM: They think I'll make friends if we move. Just move and everything'll be roses and sunshine.
RAY: But you don't think that's a solution.
RAY: Things pretty tough for you at home?
JIM: She eats him alive and he takes it.
JIM: What a zoo!
RAY: What?
JIM: A zoo. He always wants to be my pal, you know? But how can I give him anything when he's--I mean I love him and I don't want to hurt him--but I don't know what to do anymore except maybe die.
RAY: Pretty mixed up?
JIM: If he could--
RAY: If he could" what? You mean your father?"
JIM: I mean if he had the guts to knock Mom cold once I bet she'd be happy and I bet she'd stop picking. They make mush out of him. Just mush. One thing I know is I never want to be like him.
RAY: Chicken?
JIM: I bet you see right through me, don't you?
JIM: How can anyone grow up in this circus?
RAY: You got me, Jim--but they do. Want some water?
JIM: Boy--if I had one day when I didn't have to be all confused and ashamed of everything--or I felt I belonged some place.
RAY: Here. Look, will you do something for me? If the pot starts boiling again, will you come and see me before you get yourself in a jam? Even if you just want to talk--come in and shoot the breeze. It's easier sometimes than talking to your folks.
JIM: Okay--
RAY: Any time--day or night. You calmed down enough to go back now?
JIM: You serious?
JIM: I'm sorry.
MOTHER: All right, darling.