GEKKO: Money never sleeps pal. When I came in in '69, they traded six hours a day, now the clock don't stop, London's deregulated, the Orient is hungrier than us. Just let the money circle the world, sport, buying and selling, and if you're smart it comes back paying. I just made $800,000 in Hong Kong gold. It's been wired to you -- play with it. You done good, but you gotta keep doing good. I showed you how the game works, now school's out.
BUD: Mr. Gekko, I'm there for you 110%.
GEKKO: You don't understand. I want to be surprised...astonish me, sport, new info, don't care where or how you get it, just get it... My wife tells me you put a move on Darien. Here's some inside info for you. That Euroflash GQ guy she's going with's got big bucks but he's putting her feet to sleep. Exit visas are imminent. So don't lose your place in line. Oh, jeez, I wish you could see this. The lights coming up over the water. I've never seen a painting that captures the beauty of the ocean at this moment. ...an old Russian proverb - a fisherman always sees another fisherman from afar." I like you sport
BUD: ...Gordon.
GEKKO: Yeah, I'm gonna make you rich, Bud Fox. I'm gonna make you rich enough you can afford a girl like Darien. Remember, power is the best aphrodisiac. This is your wake-up call. Go to work.
ROGER: Fox, Bud D. is this deja vu or has it really been a year. You're not hitting me up for NYU are you?
BUD: Well we're thinking of putting up a statue of you in the subway. I hear you're moving up in the world. An associate already. Not bad. How's Margie?
ROGER: Can't complain. Got a house in Oyster Bay. Market treating you good? Still seeing that sexy French gal?
BUD: Nah, she asked the wrong question.
ROGER: What was that?
BUD: What are you thinking?"...that was it. The hours are hell
ROGER: So, does this guy" have a tip for an honest lawyer?"
BUD: Yeah, check out Teldar Paper, it's still not over.
ROGER: Okay.
BUD: What about you, I hear you guys are handling the Fairchild Foods merger and it may not be going through. Any surprises I haven't read about in the Wall Street Journal?
ROGER: Come on Buddy, you wouldn't want to got me disbarred now would you?
BUD: Who's listening? It's just one college buddy talking to another.
ROGER: Yeah, right...
BUD: Relax, Roger, everybody's doing it but you don't know, you don't know.
ROGER: ...and if I did, what's in it for moi?
BUD: More money than you ever dreamed, Roger. And the thing is no one gets hurt...how bout a beer?
ROGER: Too much to do...but I'll walk you out.