EDDIE: Okay?
BERT: Sit down.
EDDIE: What's the limit?
PLAYER: Half and a dollar.
EDDIE: Gimme ten bucks.
PLAYER: Ten dollars.
EDDIE: Make it twenty.
BERT: Cut.
EDDIE: Deal.
EDDIE: Bourbon. J. T. S. Brown.
BERT: Two.
BERT: I'm buyin'.
EDDIE: Thought you only drank milk.
BERT: Only when I work.
EDDIE: Yeah? Why?
BERT: I like it. It's good for you. Besides, you start drinking whisky gambling and it gives you an excuse for losing. That's something you don't need -- an excuse for losing. How did you make out in the poker game?
EDDIE: I lost twenty bucks.
BERT: Poker's not your game.
EDDIE: What is?
BERT: Pool.
EDDIE: You being cute?
BERT: I don't think there's a pool player alive shoots better pool than I saw you shoot the other night at Ames. You got talent.
EDDIE: So I got talent. So what beat me?
BERT: Character.
EDDIE: Yeah. Sure, sure.
BERT: You're damned right I'm sure. Everybody's got talent. I got talent. You think you can play big-money straight pool, or poker, for forty straight hours on nothing but talent? You think they call Minnesota Fats the best in the country just 'cause he's got talent? Nah. Minnesota Fats's got more character in one finger than you got in your whole skinny body.
EDDIE: I got drunk.
BERT: He drank as much whisky as you did.
EDDIE: Maybe he knows how to drink.
BERT: You bet he knows how. You think that's a talent too, huh? Knowin' how to drink whisky? You think Minnesota Fats was born knowin' how to drink?
EDDIE: Okay, okay... What do I do now, lie down on the floor and, uh, bow from the ankles? What do I do, go home?
BERT: That's your problem.
EDDIE: So I stay. Stay until I hustle up enough to play Fats again. Maybe by that time I'll develop myself some character.
BERT: Maybe by that time you'll die of old age. How much do you think you'll, uh, need?
EDDIE: A thousand.
BERT: No, three thousand at least. He'll start you off at five hundred a game -- he'll beat the pants off you. That's the way he plays when he comes up against a man who knows the way the game is. He'll beat you flat four or five games -- maybe more, depending on how, uh... steady your nerves are. But he might -- he just might be a little scared of you, and that could change things. But I wouldn't count on it.
EDDIE: How do you know? Huh? When nobody knows that much?
BERT: See that big car parked out by the fireplug on the way in? Well, that's mine. I like that car. But I get a new one every year because I make it my business to know what guys like you and Minnesota Fats are gonna do. I made enough off of you the other night to pay for it twice over.
EDDIE: In that case, you owe me another drink.
BERT: Eddie, is it all right if I get personal?
EDDIE: Whaddya been so far?
BERT: Eddie, you're a born loser.
EDDIE: What's that supposed to mean?
BERT: First time in ten years I ever saw Minnesota Fats hooked, really hooked. But you let him off.
EDDIE: I told you. I got drunk.
BERT: Sure, you got drunk. That's the best excuse in the world for losing. No trouble losing when you got a good excuse. And winning! That can be heavy on your back too. Like a monkey. You drop that load too when you got an excuse. All you gotta do is learn to feel sorry for yourself. It's one of the best indoor sports: feeling sorry for yourself -- a sport enjoyed by all, especially the born losers.
EDDIE: Thanks for the drink.
BERT: Wait a minute. Maybe I can help you.
EDDIE: To do what?
BERT: Get the three thousand. Play Minnesota Fats again.
EDDIE: Why?
BERT: Ten reasons. Maybe fifteen. And also there's something in it for me.
EDDIE: Oh yeah, I figured that. How much?
BERT: Seventy-five per cent.
EDDIE: For who?
BERT: For me.
EDDIE: That's a -- that's a pretty big slice. Who do you think you are, General Motors?
BERT: How much you think you're worth these days? I'm puttin' up the money, I'm puttin' up the time. For that I get seventy-five per cent return on my money -- if you win.
EDDIE: You think I can lose?
BERT: I never saw you do anything else.
EDDIE: You saw me beat Minnesota Fats for eighteen thousand dollars.
BERT: Look, you wanna hustle pool, don't you? This game isn't like football. Nobody pays you for yardage. When you hustle you keep score real simple. The end of the game you count up your money. That's how you find out who's best. That's the only way.
EDDIE: Why back me then? Why not back yourself? Go find yourself a big fat poker game and get rich. You know all the angles.
BERT: I'm already rich. But I like action. That's one thing I think you're good for is action. Besides, like I say... you got talent.
EDDIE: Yeah, you already told me that. You cut that slice down to bite-size and maybe we can talk.
BERT: No, we don't talk. I don't make bad bets. Seventy-five, twenty-five. That's it.
EDDIE: Kiss off.
BERT: Hey, wait. What are you gonna do about the money?
EDDIE: There are places. I'll scuffle around.
BERT: Word's out on you, Eddie. You walk in the wrong kind of place and they'll eat you alive.
EDDIE: Now, when did you adopt me?
BERT: I don't know when it was.
EDDIE: Hi.
YOUNG MAN: Hi.