ROB: You did that deliberately. You knew all along I'd like them. It was a trick.
LAURA: I tricked you into meeting some people you'd think were great. I thought it would be fun to introduce you to someone with a Tina Turner album and then see whether you still felt the same way.
LAURA: I called Dan Koretzky because he --
ROB: Has Drag City Records, I know, I know. You told Dan Koretzky about this?
LAURA: Yeah, and he said it's a good way to break out a record. Especially for what he said, and I quote, would be a highly anticipated event
ROB: WHAT?
LAURA: Just local, of course.
ROB: And the triumphant return of DJ Rob Gordon?" "Triumphant?" "Return?""
LAURA: I had that idea when I was living with Ian and it was such a good idea that I was annoyed we weren't together anymore. It might even be why I came back.
ROB: You had no right. Supposing I was doing something that couldn't be cancelled?
LAURA: What do you ever do that can't be cancelled?
ROB: That's not the point. I mean, what if the single isn't done in time?
LAURA: Barry said its done.
ROB: Barry? Barry knows about this?
LAURA: Yeah. His band is playing a set.
ROB: Like fuck you are.
BARRY: Laura said we could. If we helped out with the posters and stuff. And we did. And we are.
ROB: I'll give you 10% of the door if you don't play.
BARRY: We're getting that anyway.
ROB: What is she doing? Okay, 20%.
BARRY: No. We need the gig.
ROB: 110%. That's my final offer. I'm not kidding. That's how much it means to me not to hear you play.
BARRY: We're not as bad as you think, Rob.
ROB: You couldn't be. Look, Barry. There's going to be people from Laura's work there, people who own dogs and babies and Tina Turner albums. How are you going to cope with them?
BARRY: We're not called Barrytown anymore, by the by. They got sick of the Barry/Barrytown thing. We're called SDM. Sonic Death Monkey.
ROB: Sonic Death Monkey.
BARRY: What do you think? Dick likes it.
ROB: Barry, you're over thirty years old. You owe it to yourself and your friends and to your parents not to sing in a group called Sonic Death Monkey.
BARRY: I owe it to myself to go right to the edge, Rob, and this group does exactly that. Over the edge, in fact.
ROB: You'll be going over the fucking edge if you come anywhere near me next Friday night.
BARRY: That's what we want. Reaction. And if Laura's bourgeois lawyer friends can't take it, then fuck 'em. Let 'em riot, we can handle it. We'll be ready.
LAURA: They'll go on early. Nobody will even be there yet and I told them they can't play for more than a half hour.
ROB: It's no joke. I'm responsible for what happens, you know. Embarrassment aside, there's a lot of money and effort in this, at least by my standards. I have to put down a deposit for the room. I have to pay the pressing plant for the records, sleeve them, sticker them --
LAURA: We took care of that.