VAUGHAN: Are you sure it's safe to let him around that guy?
LINDA: Frank's just crazy about him. He likes the way he talks. He helped him carry home the clean laundry.
VAUGHAN: He's been in the state hospital a long time, something must be wrong with him.
LINDA: He's retarded's all. You know he's always after a father figure and Lord knows Doyle ain't a good one with his mean ass.
VAUGHAN: What about me?
LINDA: I don't think he sees you as a guy guy.
VAUGHAN: Karl is a guy guy?
FRANK: This is what I call my secret place 'cause I come out here when I feel like bein' by myself. I used to come here with Karen Cross. She's kind of like my girlfriend, or used to be. She says she likes Jerry Maroney now. But I'm gonna get her back 'cause I love her. We used to come here and hold hands and talk and read books to each other with a flashlight. She didn't want to have anything to do with me in front of other people 'cause I don't have any money. Well, mama and me, I mean. She seemed to like me a whole lot when we were out here though. She said she loved me, too. Out here. Settin' right on that stump you're on. See, her daddy's a dentist so they're rich. So's Jerry Maroney's daddy. He owns the ice plant. Was your folks well off?
KARL: Naw. Didn't have too much. Enough to scrape by on, I reckon.
FRANK: They still around, your folks?
KARL: My mother's dead. My daddy's s'posed to be around still. He don't want to have nothin' to do with me though.
FRANK: How do you know?
KARL: He never did want to. I figure he ain't changed his mind much.
FRANK: How did your mama die?
KARL: You don't need to know all of that. You're just a boy. You need to think about good thoughts while you're still a boy. They'll be plenty of time for the other.
FRANK: I've had a lot of bad thoughts since my daddy died. Sometimes I wish I was still real little and he was still here. My mama's real good, but I wish I had both of 'em. When we went to Memphis one time in the car, it was rainin' so hard we couldn't see the road. But I wadn't scared because I thought as long as daddy was drivin' nothin' could happen to us. I feel that way about mama now. Mama has a boyfriend now. His name is Doyle Hargraves. He works construction so he makes a pretty good livin'. He still don't help mama out with any money though. He ain't no good. He's mean to her. He don't like me at all. Mama says it's because he's jealous I belong to my daddy instead of him. He stays with us all night sometimes, but he's got his own house. Somebody told me it's so he can still have other girlfriends. I like it on the nights when he ain't at our house. I'm not so nervous then.
KARL: How come her to keep bein' girlfriends and all with him if he's mean to her?
FRANK: She says it's for the times when he's good to her. She's lonely since daddy died. She said sometimes she don't know why. He threatened to kill her if she ever left him. My daddy would kill him if he was here and somebody was mean to mama. Vaughan, he's real good to mama. Vaughan that you met. But he's not able to do anything to Doyle, he's funny you know. Not funny ha, ha, funny queer. He likes to go with men instead of women. That makes him not to be able to fight too good. He sure is nice though. He's from St. Louis. People who are queer can get along better in a big town. He got transferred here to work. But mama said the real reason he left is 'cause his daddy hated him. For bein' the way he is. I wish he liked to go with women. I'd rather him be mama's boyfriend than Doyle.
FRANK: Karl. You know when I said daddy got hit by a train.
KARL: Yeah, I remember you a-tellin' me that.
FRANK: It ain't the truth. He shot hisself with a shotgun on purpose.
KARL: Why did he do that, reckon.
FRANK: 'Cause he didn't have enough money to take care of us the way he wanted to. That's what the letter said. He got laid off from work and had to just work odd jobs. I thought he took care of us fine. Karl, did you really kill somebody?
KARL: Yeah, I did.
FRANK: Who did you kill?
KARL: Two people.
FRANK: Were they bad people?
KARL: I thought they was.
FRANK: Maybe they needed it.
KARL: I growed up and got taught it ain't right to kill nobody.
FRANK: It's okay if you're lookin' out for yourself. If it's self-defense. Was it self-defense?