SAM: But surely, I mean, perhaps she just happened to live above the Buttles, and ...
JACK: Look after that suit, eh. Barbara chose it for me.
SAM: Right. Er, you're not going to keep calling her Barbara, are you?
JACK: Barbara's a perfectly good name, isn't it?
SAM: Look, about the Layton woman - maybe she's just trying to help the Buttle family.
JACK: Why?
SAM: Why? Hell, not for any reason ...
JACK: {baffled) I don't follow you.
SAM: Out of kindness.
JACK: Kindness? What's the purpose behind this line of enquiry?
SAM: So what are you going to do about her?
JACK: Get her out of circulation - I've put her on the detention list.
SAM: You mean you're going to invite her in so that she can spill the beans inside the department?
JACK: Well, I ... Good point. What do you suggest?
SAM: Let me try to get to her. I'll deactivate her.
JACK: What does that mean? I don't want to be involved in anything unsavoury.
SAM: Trust me. You do trust me, don't you?
JACK: Of course. We went to school together. You're my oldest friend.
SAM: And you're mine.
JACK: You're the only person I can trust.
SAM: Then we'd better keep this business just between the two of us.
JACK: Right! Just between as and the Security Forces.
SAM: They weren't at school with us.
JACK: But, I've already put her on the search and detain list.
SAM: Take her off the list.
JACK: There's no procedure for that until she's been arrested.
SAM: Say it was a mistake.
JACK: We don't make mistakes.
SAM: Well, I'd better get out there and try to get to her before security does. Let me borrow her dossier for a while.
JACK: Er ... alright. For Christ's sake don't lose it. Here, you'd better sign for it.
SAM: Thanks, Jack. I'll be in touch.
JACK: Do you know what you're doing.
SAM: Trust me.
JACK: Sam ... we're proud to have you at Information Retrieval. Merry Xmas.
JILL: But you've stamped this form before! Why won't you stamp it now?
PORTER: You've just said yourself, Miss, we've already stamped it. Why should we stamp it twice?