MOTHER: What happened, darling. We were so worried. I was going to take a sleeping pill, but I wouldn't till I knew you were home.
JIM: I have to talk to someone, Mom. I have to talk to you both. And Dad this time you got to give me an answer.
FATHER: Go ahead.
JIM: I'm in terrible trouble.--You know that big high bluff near Miller- town Junction?
FATHER: Sure--there was a bad accident there. They showed the pictures on T.V.
JIM: I was in it.
MOTHER: How!
JIM: It doesn't matter how. I was driving a stolen car--
MOTHER: Do you enjoy doing this to me or what--
JIM: Mom--I'm not--
MOTHER: And you wanted him to make a list!
FATHER: Will you let him tell it!
JIM: She never wants to hear. She doesn't care!
MOTHER: I guess when I nearly died giving birth to you--that shows how much I don't care!
FATHER: Just relax, please relax!
JIM: I told you Dad, it was a question of honor. They called me chicken-- you know, chicken! I had to go or I would never have been able to face any of those kids again. So I got in one of these cars and a boy called Buzz got in the other. We had to drive fast and jump before the cars went over the edge of the bluff. I got out okay but Buzz didn't. He was killed.
MOTHER: Good Lord!
JIM: I can't keep it to myself anymore--
FATHER: Well, just get it off your chest, son.
JIM: That's not what I mean. I've never done anything right. I've been going around with my head in a sling for years...I don't want to drag you into this but I can't help it. I don't think I can prove anything by going around pretending I'm tough any more, so maybe you look like one thing but you still feel like another.
FATHER: You're absolutely right!
JIM: Are you listening to me? You're involved in this! I want to go to the police and tell them I was mixed up in this thing tonight?
FATHER: You what?
MOTHER: No!
FATHER: Did anyone see you there? I mean did they get your license number or anything?
JIM: I don't think so--
FATHER: Well--
MOTHER: What about the other boys--Do you think they'll go to the police?
JIM: What's that got to do with it?
MOTHER: Why should you be the only one.
FATHER: Look Jim. Far be it from me to tell you what to do, but there's--
MOTHER: Are you going to preach now? Are we going to have a sermon?
FATHER: I'm just explaining what you mean! You can't be an idealist all your life! Nobody thanks you for sticking your neck out!
MOTHER: That's right!
JIM: Except yourself!
FATHER: Will you wait a minute?
JIM: You don't want me to go.
MOTHER: No! I don't want you to go to the police! There were other people and why should you be the only one involved!
JIM: But I am involved! We're all involved, Mom! A boy was killed! I don't see how we can get out of that by pretending it didn't happen!
FATHER: You know you did wrong. That's the main thing, isn't it?
JIM: No! It's nothing! Just nothing! You always told me to tell the truth. You think you can just turn that off?
MOTHER: He's not saying that! He's saying don't volunteer!
JIM: Just tell a little white lie?
FATHER: You'll learn as you get a little older, Jim.
JIM: I don't want to learn that!
MOTHER: Well, it doesn't matter anyhow-- because we're moving.
JIM: No! You're not tearing me loose any more.
MOTHER: Do I have to spell it out?
JIM: You're not going to use me as an excuse again, Mom. Every time you can't face yourself you want to move and you say it's because of me or the neighborhood or some other phony excuse. Now I want to do one thing right and I'm not letting you run away. Dad?
FATHER: Son--this is all happening so fast--
JIM: You better give me something, Dad. You better give me something Mom?
MOTHER: Jimmy, you're very young--and a foolish decision now could wreck your whole life.
JIM: Dad--answer her--aren't you going to stand up for me?