SEAN: So you might be working for Uncle Sam.
WILL: I don't know.
SEAN: Gerry says the meeting went well.
WILL: I guess.
SEAN: What did you think?
WILL: What did I think?
SEAN: Do you think you're alone?
WILL: What?
SEAN: Do you have a soul-mate?
WILL: Define that.
SEAN: Someone who challenges you in every way. Who takes you places, opens things up for you. A soul-mate.
WILL: Yeah.
SEAN: They're all dead.
WILL: Not to me, they're not.
SEAN: But you can't give back to them, Will.
WILL: Not without a heater and some serious smelling salts, no...
SEAN: That's what I'm saying, Will. You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you're seeing are the negative things that might happen ten miles down the road.
WILL: Oh, what? You're going to take the professor's side on this?
SEAN: Don't give me you line of shit.
WILL: I didn't want the job.
SEAN: It's not about that job. I'm not saying you should work for the government. But, you could do anything you want. And there are people who work their whole lives layin' brick so their kids have a chance at the kind of opportunity you have. What do you want to do?
WILL: I didn't ask for this.
SEAN: Nobody gets what they ask for, Will. That's a cop-out.
WILL: Why is it a cop-out? I don't see anythin' wrong with layin' brick, that's somebody's home I'm buildin'. Or fixin' somebody's car, somebody's gonna get to work the next day 'cause of me. There's honor in that.
SEAN: You're right, Will. Any man who takes a forty minute train ride so those college kids can come in in the morning and their floors will be clean and their trash cans will be empty is an honorable man.
WILL: What?
SEAN: If you won't answer my questions, you're wasting my time.
WILL: What?
SEAN: I been there. I played my hand.
WILL: That's right. And you fuckin' lost! And some people would have the sack to lose a big hand like that and still come back and ante up again!
SEAN: Look at me. What do you want to do?