SKETCHY: So you're straight on how this is gonna go down.
MAX: You set up on Lydia. When she's on her way over to the apartment you give me the heads up. I answer the door and pretend to be Natalie.
SKETCHY: She tells you how I've been--
MAX: --a philandering pig.
SKETCHY: But you explain that you're a compassionate and understanding person who can find it in your heart to forgive me.
MAX: Or, I dissolve into an angry, hysterical wreck who never wants to see your lying ass again, which is probably what would really happen.
SKETCHY: I just don't want Natalie to ever find out. She deserves better.
MAX: How'd you get her out of town?
SKETCHY: Convinced her she needed to visit her mom in San Mateo.
MAX: And we're sure Lydia's gonna make her move?
SKETCHY: She came by the apartment once already. Fortunately, I'd disconnected the doorbell as a precaution... Lydia's not gonna back off until she gets her pound of flesh.
MAX: I'll give it my best shot.
SKETCHY: Max, what did I do to deserve a friend like you?
MAX: You don't.
NORMAL: Fourteen-thirteen Market. Get a signature, then take it to this address... By the way, that guy who was in here sniffing after you yesterday called twice already.
MAX: Tell him I took the day off 'cause I wasn't feeling so hot.
NORMAL: What about this?
MAX: I'm taking the rest of the day off 'cause I'm not feeling so hot.
MAX: Who is it?
LYDIA: A friend of your fiance's.
MAX: What do you want?
LYDIA: To set the record straight about where he was the other night when he said he was working late.
MAX: Who are you?
LYDIA: My name's Lydia. And it seems you and I have a lot in common.
MAX: You said you knew where my fiance was the other night.
LYDIA: With me, where he's been after work, three, sometimes four nights a week for the last two months... We have what you might call an intimate relationship.
MAX: How do I know you're telling the truth?
LYDIA: He been sleeping in a T-shirt lately? That's so you won't see the fingernail marks on his back. Bet you didn't know your boyfriend finds a little pain exciting. He didn't either...at first.
MAX: Look, I don't know what you want--
LYDIA: I thought it was important for you to know the facts.
MAX: And so should you. Sketchy told me I could expect a visit from you. I know all about how you threatened him. That if he didn't break it off with me, you'd save him the trouble.
LYDIA: Oh?
MAX: Well, it's over between you and him. We're getting married next month.
LYDIA: How sweet. Standing by your man, even after what he did. You're a very understanding person.
MAX: Big part of loving someone's being able to forgive them.
LYDIA: You're also a fool.
MAX: I think you should go now.
LYDIA: Not before we get something straight you prissy little bitch. I decide when I'm done with your boyfriend. Not him, and certainly not you. Unless maybe you want to find out just how sharp these nails really are.
MAX: This is not a place you wanna go.
LYDIA: Let go of my hand.