LIZ: Hello.
FISHER: Hi.
LIZ: Hi. Are you calling from jail?
FISHER: Not yet.
LIZ: Well, the night is young. Did you straighten out the chair situation?
FISHER: I'm working on it, I've made three calls. I can't stop thinking about how much I love you.
LIZ: That's sweet.
FISHER: Well I do.
LIZ: Well you should.
FISHER: What are you doing?
LIZ: Just a bit of organizing.
FISHER: Nesting?
LIZ: Yeah. Nesting.
FISHER: I'm mad at you.
LIZ: Go have fun. Not too much.
FISHER: I'll see you tomorrow...
BOYD: I don't hate women.
MICHEAL: You hate women.
BOYD: False.
MICHEAL: True.
BOYD: Not true.
MICHEAL: You have a King fantasy.
BOYD: I am a lover. In Africa, you can stay king as long as you can service your women every night.
MICHEAL: And what happens when you can't?
BOYD: New king.
ADAM: No. No. No. It's what my father said to me. He said it and he meant it... He said to me...He said, Adam, he said...He told me and I heard him... he said... Hell he said so many Goddamn things I can't remember everything he said for Christsake.
FISHER: Right! That's exactly what I'm saying. My father said, first of all, I'm your father not your friend. I'm your father.
ADAM: Are you solid with that?
FISHER: No. I think it's fucked.
ADAM: Then fuck what your father said, cause I'm gonna tell you right now...You'll know what it's all about, why you got married and why you love her when you wake up at three in the morning, and the streetlight's coming through the window and it's just catching a corner of her face, like a sleeping angel. And her hair smells sweet and she's your's. She's all your's. Do you see where I'm going here?
BOYD: If I'm the king of Israel, I say to myself, King, I say to myself, King... Take a good look around. What do I see?
MICHEAL: Israel doesn't have a King.
BOYD: Then what do they have?
MICHEAL: They have a president. A Benjamin Yahoo something.
BOYD: I say to myself, look at the map. Look what's all around you. People who wish bad bad things for you and your people. For thousands of years the Jews are fighting everybody. It used to be they'd throw rocks, then the iron revolution and they would attack with spears. Then the gunpowder revolution. Now they're shooting fire power back and forth, all day bullets flying, babies getting shot.
MICHEAL: What's your point?
BOYD: Now if I'm the King of Israel and all these sand niggers are armed to the gills and you know it's just a matter of time ...right? Am I right?
MICHEAL: The Israelis can protect themselves. They got the Mossad thing happening. Mossad's for real, man. They scalp babies.
BOYD: There's my point exactly.
MICHEAL: What? What's your point?
BOYD: Take Mexico.
MICHEAL: What?
BOYD: Lock up the chickens, dig up the holy dirt, pack up the wailing crying wall thing they bang their heads on all day long, stick it all on a big fucking tug boat. The whole country picks up and takes Mexico.
FISHER: The bucks gonna stop right here. If my son doesn't know the six New England states, if he has trouble with geography, I won't stick it in his face. I'll help the little guy. I'll put him in the car and take him out there. I'll take him to Maine for a big Lobster dinner, go skiing in Vermont, hot dogs at Yankee Stadium...I won't stare him down.
ADAM: Don't ever stare him down.
FISHER: I won't do it.
ADAM: Don't eyeball your kids.
BOYD: The Mexicans would love it. They're dying for a little order down there. They need direction.
MICHEAL: They need leadership.
BOYD: That's what I'm saying. Let the Israelis straighten it up. They got plenty of room down there, number one. Plus, and this is just a plus, they kind of look alike - the Jews and the Mexicans. So I think on a whole your average Joe Mexican is gonna have less of a problem getting his head around the whole assimilation thing. Am I right?
ADAM: I tell mine that they're little men. I tell them they're strong. They make me feel joy. I let 'em know. So they really know that I need them just as much. You know. Just as much man. And you know, you're their godfather...
FISHER: I know and I'm honored...
ADAM: If anything ever happens to me...
FISHER: I know...
ADAM: Y'see? That's the real point here. That's what I'm driving for, when the big storm comes and knocks down all the forests and the rocks fall down and the leave's are bare. What's left? The little trees, the little fellas that the storm didn't see. The tiny little...
MOORE: The stripper's here.
ADAM: Excellent.