INTERVIEWER: Of course, there hasn't been anything to compare with this - the first time an intruder has been a former cast member--
CHRISTOF: --a dead one at that.
INTERVIEWER: --and certainly the first time that an intruder has been rewarded with a starring role. I really must congratulate you on writing Kirk back in. A master stroke.
CHRISTOF: Since Kirk started this whole crisis in Truman's life, I came to the conclusion that he was the only one who could end it.
INTERVIEWER: I understand he's hardly had a life of his own since he left the show. How did you convince him--was it the opportunity to be close to Truman again?
CHRISTOF: That and a fat, new contract.
INTERVIEWER: How <i>do</i> you intend to explain his twenty- two year absence?
CHRISTOF: Amnesia.
INTERVIEWER: Of course.
INTERVIEWER: Let's talk ratings. Truman" has always enjoyed top ten status but the huge surge over the last few days--how do you hope to sustain that audience now that Truman appears to have reconciled himself?"
CHRISTOF: As you know ratings have never been our primary goal. I imagine we'll lose those voyeurs only interested in witnessing Truman's latest torment. However, I'm certain that our core audience will remain loyal.
INTERVIEWER: But recent events have been so dramatic, it does raise the perennial question. What keeps us watching this one man twenty-four hours a day - eating, sleeping, working, sitting for hours in contemplation?
CHRISTOF: It has to be the reality.
CHRISTOF: We've become tired of watching actors give us phony emotions, bored with pyrotechnics and special effects. While the world he inhabits is counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself. No scripts, no cue cards. It's not always Shakespeare but it's genuine. That's how he can support an entire channel.
INTERVIEWER: A window onto the human condition?
CHRISTOF: I prefer to think of it as a mirror.
CHRISTOF: Not only does he give us a glimpse of the truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves.
INTERVIEWER: But how do you account for the popularity of those eight hours a day when Truman sleeps?
CHRISTOF: We find many viewers leave him on all night for comfort. Haven't you ever watched your child or your lover sleep?
INTERVIEWER: Let's go to some of those viewers' calls.