BUD: Tennis racquet? Oh, I remember -- I was cooking myself an Italian dinner. I used it to strain the spaghetti. FRAN Why not?
BUD: As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook -- but I'm a lousy housekeeper.
FRAN: Yes, you are, When I was straightening up the couch, you know what I found? Six hairpins, a lipstick, a pair of false eyelashes, and a swizzle stick from the Stork Club.
BUD: It's just that I'm the kind of guy who can't say no -- I don't mean to girls -- I mean --
FRAN: You mean to someone like Mr. Sheldrake.
BUD: I guess so.
FRAN: I know so. He's a taker.
BUD: A what?
FRAN: Some people take, some people get took -- and they know they're getting took -- and there's nothing they can do about it.
BUD: I wouldn't say that -- What would you like to have for diner? There's onion soup and canned asparagus --
FRAN: I really ought to be getting home. My family will be flipping by now.
BUD: You can't leave yet. The doctor says it takes forty-eight hours to get the stuff out of your system.
FRAN: I wonder how long it takes to get someone you're stuck on out of your system? If they'd only invent some kind of a pump for that --
BUD: I know how you feel, Miss Kubelik. You think it's the end of the world -- but it's not, really. I went through exactly the same thing myself.
FRAN: You did?
BUD: Well, maybe not exactly -- I tried to do it with a gun.
FRAN: Over a girl?
BUD: Worse than that -- she was the wife of my best friend -- and I was mad for her. But I knew it was hopeless -- so I decided to end it all. I went to a pawnshop and bought a forty-five automatic and drove up to Eden Park -- do you know Cincinnati?
FRAN: No, I don't.
BUD: Anyway, I parked the car and loaded the gun -- well, you read in the papers all the time that people shoot themselves, but believe me, it's not that easy -- I mean, how do you do it? -- here, or here, or here -- -- you know where I finally shot myself?
FRAN: Where?
BUD: Here.
FRAN: In the knee?
BUD: Uh-huh. While I was sitting there, trying to make my mind up, a cop stuck his head in the car, because I was illegally parked -- so I started to hide the gun under the seat and it went off -- pow!
FRAN: That's terrible.
BUD: Yeah. Took me a year before I could bend my knee -- but I got over the girl in three weeks. She still lives in Cincinnati, has four kids, gained twenty pounds -- she sends me a fruit cake every Christmas.
FRAN: Are you just making that up to make me feel better?
BUD: Of course not. Here's the fruit cake. And you want to see my knee?
FRAN: No, thanks. The fellows in the office may get the wrong idea how I found out.
BUD: So let 'em. Look, I'm going to cook dinner for us. We'll have the fruit cake for dessert. You just sit there and rest. You've done enough for one day.
FRAN: Yes, nurse.