CARL: ... looks like you grown another inch... but you don't look so hot, getting bags under your eyes, starting to look old like me.
BUD: Ah, I had a tough day. Some jerk D.K'd me and I gotta cover his loss.
CARL: Speak English will ya.
BUD: D.K. -- didn't know -- who I was when the options he bought took a bath. He reneged on me.
CARL: I told you not to go into that racket. You could've been a doctor or a lawyer,
BUD: Coulda been a contender.
CARL: you coulda stayed at Bluestar and been a supervisor in instead of going customer relations by now, 'stead of going off and bein' a salesman.
BUD: Look Dad, I'm not a salesman. How many times I gotta tell you I'm an account executive, and pretty soon I'm going to the investment banking side of the firm.
CARL: You get on the phone and ask strangers for their money, right? You're a salesman.
BUD: Dad, it takes time. You gotta build a customer list. I'm doing it. I could make more money in one year as a broker than five years at the airline.
CARL: I don't get it, you get a scholarship to NYU, you get 35,000 the first year, and 50 last year, where the hell is it?
BUD: 50 K don't get you to first base in the Big Apple, Dad, not any more. I pay 40% in taxes, I got a rent of 15,000, I got school loans, car loans, food, park my car costs me 3 bills a month, I need good suits, that's $500 a pop, shoes...
CARL: So come home and live rent free, 'stead of that cockroach palace you live in. $50,000 Jesus Christ, the world is off its rocker. I made $37,000 last year and you...
BUD: It's Queens, Dad and a 5% mortgage and you rent the top room--I gotta live in Manhattan to be a player, Dad. There's no nobility in poverty anymore, y'know. One day you're going to be proud of me, you'll see...
CARL: It's yourself you've got to be proud of, Huckleberry, how much ya need?
BUD: Can you spare three hundred? Pay you back next month, promise.
CARL: ...Got a 100 on me, you...
BUD: Not in here Dad... please. Later.
CARL: ... it adds up Buddy, 300 here, 200 there. Your brother never... ...well, I always said money is something you need in case you don't die tomorrow...
BUD: How's Mom?
CARL: ...same, pain in the ass, god bless her, talks too much... gonna take her to Florida next month... west coast, near Tampa, like to get out for good, but can't afford it.
BUD: ...Work okay?
CARL: ...this drug testing is driving my guys nuts. I got flagged for my blood pressure pills. The only good news is, we just met with the comptroller over some union stuff...'member that crash last summer? and the investigation? Well, the FAA is gonna rule it was a manufacturing flaw in the door latch mechanism. I kept telling 'em it wasn't maintenance, it was those goddamn greedy manufacturers out in Cincinnati. And I was right.
BUD: That's great Dad.
CARL: Damn right, it gets us out from under suspension. We'll get those new routes to Pittsburgh and Boston and the equipment we need. We're gonna compete with the big boys now.
BUD: Hey to Bluestar, as your broker all I can advise is hold on to that stock Dad...
BUD: You sure about this FAA announcement?
CARL: About what?
BUD: The FAA announcement.
CARL: Sure I'm sure. Buddy, you got that mischievous look in your eyes. You used to smile just like that when you were a baby sleeping, just like that.