RANDAL: You know what else I noticed in Jedi?
DANTE: There's more?
RANDAL: So they build another Death Star, right?
DANTE: Yeah.
RANDAL: Now the first one they built was completed and fully operational before the Rebels destroyed it.
DANTE: Luke blew it up. Give credit where it's due.
RANDAL: And the second one was still being built when they blew it up.
DANTE: Compliments of Lando Calrissian.
RANDAL: Something just never sat right with me the second time they destroyed it. I could never put my finger on it-something just wasn't right.
DANTE: And you figured it out?
RANDAL: Well, the thing is, the first Death Star was manned by the Imperial army- storm troopers, dignitaries-the only people onboard were Imperials.
DANTE: Basically.
RANDAL: So when they blew it up, no prob. Evil is punished.
DANTE: And the second time around...?
RANDAL: The second time around, it wasn't even finished yet. They were still under construction.
DANTE: So?
RANDAL: A construction job of that magnitude would require a helluva lot more manpower than the Imperial army had to offer. I'll bet there were independent contractors working on that thing: plumbers, aluminum siders, roofers.
DANTE: Not just Imperials, is what you're getting at.
RANDAL: Exactly. In order to get it built quickly and quietly they'd hire anybody who could do the job. Do you think the average storm trooper knows how to install a toilet main? All they know is killing and white uniforms.
DANTE: All right, so even if independent contractors are working on the Death Star, why are you uneasy with its destruction?
RANDAL: All those innocent contractors hired to do a job were killed- casualties of a war they had nothing to do with. All right, look-you're a roofer, and some juicy government contract comes your way; you got the wife and kids and the two-story in suburbia-this is a government contract, which means all sorts of benefits. All of a sudden these left-wing militants blast you with lasers and wipe out everyone within a three-mile radius. You didn't ask for that. You have no personal politics. You're just trying to scrape out a living.