NELSON: I thought you said you could handle him.
LENORE: I'm doing fine. Theo wants to deal.
THEO: Tell them I'm keeping what's left. I earned it. I probably killed some poor bastard for it.
LENORE: He seems to think he's entitled to it all.
THEO: Not all. They already have a third. The question is how much of that are they willing to give to get you back?
LENORE: You won't shoot me. That's not your style.
THEO: We might hit a bump and the gun might go off. Ever see that Tarantino movie -- where Travolta blew that guy away in the back seat -- purely by accident?
LENORE: Do you have to point that?
THEO: Absolutely. And Topanga Canyon has a hell of a lot of potholes if I recall.
LENORE: He seems to be headed for Topanga.
THEO: I'm not trying to lose them. Nor am I exceeding any speed limits.
LENORE: The one thing you don't want is to attract the police.
THEO: Granted, the cops are not an alternative. Certainly not with one of their own still locked in my trunk.
LENORE: I don't hear him moving around anymore.
THEO: Those shots your associates got off may not have done him too much good. That's on their head. All I did I was put him there.
LENORE: A typical fuck-up.
THEO: What's that supposed to me?
LENORE: I knew you were a loser the first night I laid eyes on you.
THEO: You, I would've noticed.
LENORE: Oh no, you were too busy trying to keep some Croatian from slapping the shit out of his girlfriend. She showed her gratitude by almost taking your eye out with her spiked heel.
THEO: You were at the Emerald that night?
LENORE: Naturally you didn't learn your lesson.
THEO: I guess I ought to stop seeing woman as victims.
LENORE: I think it was my tone of voice more than anything else that sold you. And when you thought I was being kicked around, I wish I could've seen your face.
THEO: You're enjoying this too much.
THEO: Now you're starting to sound like a victim again.
LENORE: You could've hit me.
THEO: Only in the leg or the thigh. You'd live but you just wouldn't wear shorts.
LENORE: You wouldn't --
THEO: Yes I would. Not kill you. But blow off a few toes, absolutely. I'm entitled to that as retribution. It'll help you to remember me in years to come -- every time you put on stockings. They must have prosthetic toes by now -- with little nails on them you can polish --
LENORE: Stop talking like that!
THEO: Then scream for me. A repeat performance. Let me see how easy you can turn it on. Scream! I want to hear you scream for me!
NELSON: What's he doing? Answer me!
THEO: Better reassure him.
LENORE: I'm still okay.
THEO: Inform him the fee is seventy-five large for your return. All parts intact.
LENORE: He wants 75 back.
THEO: Plus names, addresses and I.D. for the lot of you. We're in this together and I need to know who my partners are. In case I ever need to roll over on somebody.
LENORE: Did you hear that?
THEO: Let me talk to him. Hold the phone to my ear -- but don't nudge me.
THEO: Who am I talking to?
NELSON: Call me Nels.""
THEO: Okay Nels, you can always keep what you've got and haul ass leaving the lovely lady for me to worry about. I'll bet she can be friendly when it's in her best interests.
NELSON: If you're looking for a quickie all you've got to do is ask.
THEO: I think I've already had a quickie." Thank you."