ALEX: Very kind of you, sir. Thank you very much.
DOLIN: I understand that you had a rather unfortunate encounter with the Police tonight.
ALEX: Yes, sir. I suppose you might call it that, sir.
DOLIN: Hahaha, and how are you feeling now?
ALEX: Much better, thank you, sir.
DOLIN: Feel like talking to us. Answering a few questions?
ALEX: Fine, sir, fine.
DOLIN: Well, as I've said, we've heard about you. We are interested in your case. We want to help you.
ALEX: Thank you very much, sir.
DOLIN: But first we'd like to find out a few things about you.
ALEX: What would you like to know, sir?
DOLIN: Well, shall we get down to it?
ALEX: Yes, sir. Rubinstein takes out a notebook.
RUBINSTEIN: The newspapers mentioned that in addition to your being conditioned against acts of sex and violence, you've inadvertently been conditioned against music.
ALEX: Well, er, I think that was something that they hadn't planned for, you see, Missus, I'm very fond of music and always have been, especially Beethoven, Ludwig van... Beethoven. B... E... E... He leans over and looks at her writing in notebook.
RUBINSTEIN: It's alright, thank you.
ALEX: And it just so happened that while they were showing me a particularly bad film, of like a concentration camp, the background music was playing Beethoven.
RUBINSTEIN: So now you have the same reaction to music as you do to sex and violence?
ALEX: Oh well, it's... it's not all music you see, Missus. It's just the 9th.
RUBINSTEIN: You mean Beethoven's 9th Symphony?
ALEX: That's right. Er... I can't listen to the 9th any more at all. When I hear the 9th, I get like this funny feeling.
RUBINSTEIN: When you say this funny feeling, you mean the state of mind brought on by the treatment they gave you?
ALEX: That is correct, sir. And then all I can think about is like trying to snuff it.
RUBINSTEIN: I beg your pardon?
ALEX: Snuff it, sir... um... death, I mean, missus... Er... I just want to die peacefully like with no... pain.
RUBINSTEIN: Do you feel that way now?
ALEX: Um... oh no, sir, not exactly, I still feel very miserable, very much down in spirits.
RUBINSTEIN: Do you still feel suicidal?
ALEX: Um... well, put it this way... I feel very low in myself. I can't see much in the future, and I feel that any second something terrible is going to happen to me. He pitches forward, face into the plate of spaghetti.
RUBINSTEIN: Well done, Frank. Julian, get the car, will you please?