MARGO: What - again?
EVE: I could watch you play that last scene a thousand times and cry every time-
MARGO: Performance number one thousand of this one - if I play it that long - will take place in a well-padded booby hatch...
EVE: I must say you can certainly tell Mr. Sampson's been gone a month.
MARGO: You certainly can. Especially if you're me between now and tomorrow morning...
EVE: I mean the performance. Except for you, you'd think he'd never even directed it - it's disgraceful the way they change everything around...
MARGO: Well, teacher's away and actors will be actors...
EVE: During your second act scene with your father, Roger Ferraday's supposed to stay way upstage at the arch. He's been coming closer down every night...
MARGO: When he gets too close, I'll spit in his eye.
MARGO: You bought the new girdles a size smaller. I can feel it.
BIRDIE: Something maybe grew a size bigger.
MARGO: When we get home you're going to get into one of those girdles and act for two and half hours.
BIRDIE: I couldn't get into the girdle in two an' a half hours...
EVE: You haven't noticed my latest bit of interior decorating...
MARGO: Well, you've done so much... what's new?
EVE: The curtains. I made them myself.
MARGO: They are lovely. Aren't they lovely, Birdie?
BIRDIE: Adorable. We now got everything a dressing room needs except a basketball hoop.
MARGO: Just because you can't even work a zipper. It was very thoughtful, Eve, and I appreciate it-
EVE: While you're cleaning up, I'll take this to the wardrobe mistress-
MARGO: Don't bother. Mrs. Brown'll be along for it in a minute.
EVE: No trouble at all.
BIRDIE: If I may so bold as to say something - did you ever hear the word union"?"
MARGO: Behind in your dues? How much?
BIRDIE: I haven't got a union. I'm slave labor.
MARGO: Well?
BIRDIE: But the wardrobe women have got one. And next to a tenor, a wardrobe woman is the touchiest thing in show business-
MARGO: Oh-oh.
BIRDIE: She's got two things to do - carry clothes an' press 'em wrong - an' just let anybody else muscle in...