DIRECTOR: What can I do for you, Mr. Welles?
WELLES: Call me Tom.
DIRECTOR: Alright, Tom.
WELLES: What I'd like, very simply, is access to your archive. And, now I understand this isn't something you normally do for private citizens...
DIRECTOR: There are reasons for the way we do things here.
WELLES: Absolutely. Of course I'll abide by whatever decision you make, but I'd appreciate if you'll hear me out...
WELLES: Few days ago, I was contacted by a couple living in Philadelphia, a doctor and his wife. What happened was they picked up a young girl hitchhiking off 81, which heads into Philadelphia, started up a conversation with this girl, she looked homeless, seemed about eighteen maybe. They convinced her to let them buy her a meal in the city. Nice kid, mature, didn't have much to say, but they got a sense she's a runaway, so all through dinner the doctor's working on her, trying to convince her that at the very least she should pick up a telephone. Not surprisingly, she ate her food, excused herself... That's the last they saw her. The reason they came to me for help, the reason I'm coming to you, is we had a friend of mine in the department work up a sketch... They want to see if I can I.D. this girl, somehow pass along a message to let the parents know the kid's alive, doing alright.
DIRECTOR: Why not go to the N.C.I.C. or N.C.M.E.C.?
WELLES: I figured you share information.
DIRECTOR: We do.
WELLES: For whatever reasons I thought you might be more receptive.
DIRECTOR: Why don't they come to me?
WELLES: This doctor and wife, they're nice people, but they don't want to get too involved. They're not trying to have the parents come looking for the girl either. You and I both know sometimes, not often, but sometimes there's real reasons why a kid'll run. Molestation, whatever. Besides that, the girl's probably eighteen, so she's legal.
DIRECTOR: I'm not so sure about this.
WELLES: They're putting themselves in place of this kid's parents and thinking they'd want to hear their girl's okay, even if that's all they hear.
DIRECTOR: I can give you my card, if your clients want to call me...
WELLES: They were pretty clear they didn't want this coming back on them.
DIRECTOR: Well, that's all I can do. Sorry.