LETTY: I couldn't really say anything because of that fraternizing rule.
DR. EMLEE: Well, Letty, this does present a liability issue for the hospital.
LETTY: I'm a grown woman, Dr. Emlee. I can take care of myself.
DR. EMLEE: What about Michael? Do you know the extent of his...
LETTY: I know Michael's a schizophrenic, and Mrs. Hallstrom's manic- depressive, and John Lockyer has episodes of psychosis, and I heard a rumor that you suffer from delusions of grandeur.
DR. EMLEE: Go ahead and put the guard back up, Letty. But you need to know what you're dealing with.
LETTY: I don't need a lecture. I care about Michael.
DR. EMLEE: Then that's even more reason to listen. Look, schizophrenics tend to withdraw from reality. They experience emotional disturbances that result in personality changes.
LETTY: Look, I know he's almost through with treatment here. And, he's on medication.
DR. EMLEE: Drugs can help suppress symptoms. But lots of patients stop taking them when they're on their own because the side effects are so harsh. And, Michael's condition is often worsened by periods of stress. He's been in and out of...
LETTY: I don't want to hear anymore.
LETTY: First you tell me to do what I want to, then you tell me to stop.
DR. EMLEE: All I want you to do is think about what's best for you. Really think about it.
MICHAEL: A daisy for the lady.
LETTY: The lady knows this is a dandelion.
MICHAEL: A rose is a rose.
LETTY: Thanks. Where've you been all day?
MICHAEL: Back-to-back sessions with the shrink.
MICHAEL: I'm not allowed to see you anymore.
LETTY: Really? Me too.
MICHAEL: I had to sneak by the guards to get here. They say you're highly unstable, have a depressive personality, and may hold back my own recovery.
LETTY: Wow. I'm bad news.
MICHAEL: What's my rap?
LETTY: Schizophrenic recidivism marked by hallucinations and paranoid delusions.
MICHAEL: Really, though. My thoughts go haywire sometimes.
LETTY: What are the delusions like?
MICHAEL: Shocking, huh?
LETTY: Sure. But I took out a whole grocery store.
MICHAEL: I wish I could have seen that.
LETTY: I'm starting to think that everyone's crazy to some extent.
MICHAEL: My Grandma Rosa says that some trees get planted in rich top soil, and they grow right up to the sun, tall and straight. Other trees, they start as seeds in the crevices between rocks so they have to twist and bend to reach the light. But even though they end up crooked, they're still trees, just like the straight ones.
MICHAEL: Why in the world did you let me start talking in metaphors? That's no way for us to break up.
LETTY: Break up? They wish.