MR. WHITE: Because this guy's a fucking psycho. And if you think Joe's pissed at us, that ain't nothing compared to how pissed off I am at him, for puttin' me in the same room as this bastard.
MR. BLONDE: You see what I been puttin' up with? As soon as I walk through the door I'm hit with this shit. I tell 'm what you told me about us stayin' put and Mr. White whips out his gun, sticks it in my face, and starts screaming You motherfucker
MR. WHITE: He's the reason the place turned into a shooting gallery. What are you, a silent partner? Fuckin' tell him.
MR. PINK: He seems all right now, but he went crazy in the store.
MR. WHITE: This is what he was doin'.
MR. BLONDE: I told 'em not to touch the alarm. They touched it. I blew 'em full of holes. If they hadn't done what I told 'em not it, they'd still be alive.
MR. WHITE: That's your excuse for going on a kill crazy rampage?
MR. BLONDE: I don't like alarms.
EDDIE: What does it matter who stays with the cop? We ain't lettin' him go. Not after he's seen everybody. You should've never took him outta your trunk in the first place.
MR. PINK: We were trying to find out what he knew about the set up.
EDDIE: There is no fuckin' set up! Look, this is the news. Blondie, you stay here and take care of them two. White and Pink come with me, 'cuz if Joe gets here and sees all those fucking cars parked out front, he's going to be as mad at me as he is at you.
MR. BLONDE: Alone at last.
MR. BLONDE: Now where were we?
COP: I told you I don't know anything about any fucking set up. I've only been on the force eight months, nobody tells me anything! I don't know anything! You can torture me if you want -
MR. BLONDE: Thanks, don't mind if I do.
COP: Your boss even said there wasn't a set up.
MR. BLONDE: First off, I don't have a boss. Are you clear about that?
MR. BLONDE: I asked you a question. Are you clear about that?
COP: Yes.
MR. BLONDE: Now I'm not gonna bullshit you. I don't really care about what you know or don't know. I'm gonna torture you for awhile regardless. Not to get information, but because torturing a cop amuses me. There's nothing you can say, I've heard it all before. There's nothing you can do. Except pray for a quick death, which you ain't gonna get.