THEO: I'm not doing too well. What's the matter?
LENORE: I heard someone pulling in behind the house. I heard Rachel screaming and then she stopped all of a sudden. I don't know what they did to her.
THEO: Which means you can't be more than five or ten minutes from here.
LENORE: Even if you found us -- what then?
THEO: I'm cutting across to Bundy to Brentwood. That bank is our best bet. If anybody shows up I could follow them.
LENORE: Jack will negotiate with them. He'll identify the right key and give them the information they need to gain access and they'll let Rachel go.
THEO: Not a chance.
LENORE: Don't say that.
THEO: Do you know what's in that box?
LENORE: I'm not supposed to -- but I do. Millions in cash and bearer bonds.
THEO: They'll recognize it's not your husband.
LENORE: Jack was only at that branch once when he took the box years ago.
THEO: They've still got to be able to sign his name.
LENORE: It's not hard to do. I do it all the time.
THEO: I'm pretty good at signatures myself.
LENORE: Oh my God. I heard her scream again. What are they doing to her? Why can't I do anything to stop them?
THEO: You're doing what you can. Why's all this money stashed?
LENORE: To hide it from the I.R.S.
THEO: How come everybody turns out to be a crook?
LENORE: Don't talk. Don't talk!
THEO: What's going on?
LENORE: The front door slammed. Someone went out. There's a different car starting.
THEO: I might still get there first. The lights are with me. How would I identify the guy who shows up at the bank?
LENORE: If it's the tall man -- he had one of those hair transplants. Tufts, you know. It still hasn't grown fully in. The other one is from the islands. Braided hair -- very dark.
THEO: It won't be him.
LENORE: Theo, I want you to know, you're probably the most decent man I've ever met.
THEO: Yeah, sure that's me. Ask anybody.
LENORE: But I guess we haven't really met -- have we?
THEO: I've got a lot of respect for you too. For the way you feel about your family.
LENORE: Jack hasn't loved me for years. And now I'm afraid she's turning out to be like him. So cold and distant. I've let him make her like that.
THEO: Why tell me this?
LENORE: Because you're probably the last person I'll ever talk to.
THEO: You can't give up.
LENORE: When they first started questioning Jack -- he answered them in that tone he usually reserves for me. And they began beating him. And I watched. And I didn't feel anything ... What kind of a person am I?