DUNWITTY: The material you've been creating is too white bread. White people with black faces. The Huxtable's, Cosby, revolutionary. But that's dead. We can't go down that road again.
DELACROIX: I don't agree. The Negro middle class does exist, and it's rich material for a dramatic series or sitcom.
DUNWITTY: I'm telling you it's not.
DUNWITTY: The middle class black family moves into a white suburban enclave. The middle class black family moves into a small Southern town that is run by the KKK. The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter. The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter. The middle class single black mother raises her teenage son. And so on and so forth. It's too clean, too antiseptic...
DELACROIX: ...to white? I still feel all of my scripts would make good shows.
DUNWITTY: Delacroix, wake up, brother man. The reason why they didn't get picked up was because nobody - and I mean NOBODY - niggers and crackers alike wants to see that junk.
DELACROIX: I've never been given a fair shot.
DUNWITTY: You got your head stuck up your ass with your Harvard education and your pretentious ways. Brother man, I'm blacker than you. I'm keepin' it real and you're frontin', trying to be white.
DELACROIX: I'm an oreo, a sell out? Because I don't aspire to do HOMEBOYS FROM OUT OF SPACE, SECRET DIARY OF DESMOND PFEIFFER, A PJ's or some as you might put it, some nigger" show? I'm a Tom? I'm whiter than white and you're blacker than black? Is that what you think?"
DUNWITTY: That's exactly what I think. I want you to create something that people want to see. Let's be honest, the majority of the people in the country are deaf, dumb and blind and I'm including 35 million African-Americans. You know and I know niggers" set the trend
DELACROIX: I'm not sure if I can deliver what you want.
DUNWITTY: You will or you'll be back at BET so quick you'll never know what hit you. I need a mid-season replacement and pronto. It will be on the fast track.
DELACROIX: What is it you want from me? Some plantation follies? Some sitcom that takes place on a watermelon patch? Some show that follows four nigger generations of junkies and crackheads? You want me to go back to the ante bellum days?
DUNWITTY: Yes! Yes! Yes! I want a show that will make headlines, that will have millions and millions of households tuned in, glued to their televisions every week. I want advertisers dying to buy on this show. I'm gonna squeeze this show out of you if it kills you.
MANRAY: I'm starvin' like Marvin.
CHEEBA: My world famous, famous world Arroz con pollo will be ready very soon.
MANRAY: Hurry up, I wanna watch HBO.
CHEEBA: Did we get our bill yet?