JAKE: I'm curious about something. I'm wondering just how it is you happen to know where the bedroom's at.
JOHN: Wh . . . what are you talking about?
JAKE: This morning when I came in on you and Grace, you swore you hadn't so much as been near the bedroom. Now you make straight for it.
JOHN: Come on, Jake--
JAKE: Don't Jake me, boy! It's a big house. Odd that you would know your way, except maybe you've been in the bedroom before. Maybe with Grace to keep you company.
JOHN: Nothing happened with me and Grace this morning.
JAKE: Then maybe this afternoon. When I sent you to kill my wife you ended up sexing her instead.
JOHN: Christ, Jake, please--
JAKE: Is that what happened? Did you even make it out to the desert, or did you just ply the afternoon between my sheets?
JOHN: You're not talking sense.
JAKE: Sense? If I had any sense I would have killed you this morning and been done with it.
JOHN: What are you . . . you can't . . . you can't kill me.
JAKE: A drifter, a loner, a trouble maker like you? Just passing through town, need money so he busts in on an, old man. Only this old man's got himself an automatic, and he knows how to use it. A man's got to protect his home. His wife. You're dead, boy, and your own mother wouldn't convict me.
JOHN: What difference does it make if I slept with her. You don't care about Grace.
JAKE: You're right. I don't give a damn about her. But to fuck a man's wife behind his back? That just makes a fool out of him. I don't like being made a fool of.
JOHN: I don't blame you. What man would? I admit it, okay? I came back here and I made it with Grace. But if you kill me you're making a big mistake.
JAKE: Not from where I stand.
JOHN: It's not me you have to worry about. It's her. She wants you dead, Jake. She wants you dead and she wants your money.
JAKE: What are you babbling about?
JOHN: Think about it. How do you think I got in here? Did you hear any glass break? Did you hear a door splinter? How did the evening end? After you went to bed did she linger a bit? Maybe just long enough to leave the back door unlocked? Is that what happened?
JAKE: You'd tell me anything to save your pathetic life.
JOHN: You know what kind of woman Grace is. You know how badly she wants to get the fuck out of Sierra. What makes you think when you were planning on killing her she wasn't doing the same for you? What's she to you, Jake; a woman who would have you dead? Let me kill her. All I want is two-hundred dollars to get out of here with.
JAKE: Two-hundred dollars.
JOHN: Two-hundred dollars . . . that's how I put a price on murder.