LOMBARD: I’m calling about the puppies.
FRIEDMAN: Have we done business before?
LOMBARD: I saw the ad at George’s. I’m passing through town and I’m in a hurry.
FRIEDMAN: May I have your phone number?
LOMBARD: Why?
FRIEDMAN: This is a bad line.
FRIEDMAN: What sort of puppy are you looking for?
LOMBARD: What sort have you got?
FRIEDMAN: Pups. Bitches. From three to twelve months. Trained and untrained ones. White and brown ones. You understand?
LOMBARD: Yeah.
FRIEDMAN: We also provide 24-hour after-sale service. Were the puppy to fall sick or accidently die, we would unburden you, you understand?
LOMBARD: Yes... Good, good...
FRIEDMAN: So, what are you looking for?
LOMBARD: What about an untrained pup, white...
FRIEDMAN: How much of a hurry are you in?
LOMBARD: Tomorrow?
FRIEDMAN: I’m afraid the only pups currently available at such notice are brown and trained. But they are all very cheerful and have been thoroughly checked for diseases...
LOMBARD: I see. How much?
FRIEDMAN: Fifteen for a straight delivery. Twenty with the provision of a safe place. Visitors tend to find the second option more convenient.
LOMBARD: ... Fine. I’ll go for the safe place.
FRIEDMAN: Have the money ready by 11am. We’ll call you.
DEBORAH: I won’t comment on the time but you’ll understand if I don’t tell you to sit down. Now, spare me the apology and get to the point, will you, Mr Lombard.
LOMBARD: I’m afraid I have bad news, Mr De Moraes. I have reason to believe your brother’s in trouble.
DEBORAH: For your information, Mr Lombard, trouble is possibly the one thing Leon is capable of getting into all by himself. Though I doubt he will not ultimately fail even at that.
LOMBARD: I don’t know. He seems to delight in so much sisterly love, he might become determined.
DEBORAH: Oh-oh! Touché, Mr Lombard! But tell me, what would you know about sisterly love, eh? No. Don’t. You might get confused speaking of things you don’t understand and we need you clear- headed, at least until you’ve done what we are paying you for.
LOMBARD: Now you are confusing me, Mrs De Moraes.
DEBORAH: Can it be that easy?
LOMBARD: Can it be that you want your brother found?
DEBORAH: Anything is possible.
LOMBARD: I found this at your brother’s.
DEBORAH: Disney! How inter...
LOMBARD: It’s a snuff movie. Prime paedophile material. I’m told it retails at around £4,000. I see you don’t require a definition.
DEBORAH: You... You found that at Leon’s?
LOMBARD: There’s more. Your brother also purchased a young boy for £15,000.
LOMBARD: You seem surprised. Could it be you don’t think that badly of him after all? You needn’t worry. It seems his motives were pure. From what I can make out he bought the boy to rescue him from further abuse.
DEBORAH: What... What are you talking about?
LOMBARD: Your brother got mixed up with child procurers and tried to make this world a better place, Mrs De Moraes. And having rescued one little life he unwisely set out to repeat the exercise. You don’t mess around with child procurers. Right now my guess is he’s either on the run, held captive, or dead. I understand your misgivings, Mrs De Moraes. But I’ve seen the boy and made telephone contact with the man Leon bought him from. If anyone knows what happened to your brother it will be that man. Which leads me to why I’m here at such a late hour. I need £20,000, in cash, by 11 this morning.
DEBORAH: Excuse me?
LOMBARD: I need the money to smooth my way, you understand? Now, have you got that sort of cash here or do we need to meet in the morning?
LOMBARD: I will of course do my best to hang onto it.
DEBORAH: Where is it? He. The boy you said my brother bought! Where is he?
LOMBARD: I can’t tell you that yet. But he’s being well looked after.
DEBORAH: Oh no. You’ll have to do better than that, Mr Lombard.
LOMBARD: Look, Mrs De Moraes, however much of a let down it might be, your brother’s not back to his old weekend tricks! Impressionable as he is, he probably grew tired of healthy girls in grisly poses, tried moving on to bigger things, came upon more than he’d bargained for and somehow fancied he could take on the real world. Which he no doubt chanced upon on his way to that thing now sitting on your table... Have a look at it, Mrs De Moraes. I told you I had bad news...