KILLAINE: Mrs. West is a very emotional woman.
BETTY: I don't know her.. or particularly want to.
KILLAINE: You probably know the type. You find them in hotels and resorts all over the world. They always have clothes, and money, and usually have had three or four husbands. They dress and enamel themselves with great care. They worry a great deal about those little lines at the corner of the eyes.. And they demonstrate their incompetence at the art of living bet getting mixed up with people like Larry Mitchell. Tell me about yourself, Miss Mayfield.
BETTY: I was born in New York City. I grew up. And here I am.
KILLAINE: I'll have to know a little more than that.
BETTY: I'm sorry, that's all there is.
KILLAINE: Miss Mayfield, the humor of the situation escapes me. Within 24 hours I shall know officially whether Mitchell was murdered. Privately, I'm quite sure of it now. It happened in your room, and you came to Vancouver with him.. At any rate, he made your hotel reservation.. And you arrived together. Here in this room he behaved nastily to you, and you said something to him which might be taken as a threat. A few hours later he was found dead on your balcony. Would it be too much too suggest that all these circumstances taken together are a little suspicious?
KILLAINE: Please answer my question.
BETTY: You didn't ask a question. You made a speech.
KILLAINE: That's an evasion and you know it.
BETTY: It is?
MARGO: What are you doing here?
CLARENDON: I don't think you locked your door.
MARGO: What do you want?
CLARENDON: See how easy it is? Perhaps Miss Mayfield left her door unlocked. Or if she didn't, there's a passkey on every floor in the linen room. The head porter has a passkey. The bell captain has a passkey. The hotel's full of passkeys.
MARGO: Passkey?
CLARENDON: Or--since one is a well-known and respected guest--one could go to the desk in the lobby and say Miss Mayfield seems to have lost her room key--have you another"? They always have another."
MARGO: Don't be a fool. I loved him. He wasn't worth it, but I loved him.
CLARENDON: And now that he's safe from all other women, you can go on loving him.
MARGO: You nasty, sardonic--
CLARENDON: Sardonic, if you will my dear. Bust nasty. You lied about the gun.
CLARENDON: I'm a very observant man. You had something in your bag this afternoon, Something that causes you to hold it in a particular way. Something that made a particular sound when you put it down on the bar. You went out with Mitchell. None of us ever saw him again.
MARGO: That's not enough.
CLARENDON: I saw your face this evening when the detective showed you the gun. You lied. It was obvious.
MARGO: He saw my face too.
CLARENDON: So he did--but he hasn't told you what he saw. I have.
MARGO: They'll arrest that girl. Everything points to her.
CLARENDON: Convenient, isn't it?
MARGO: One of these days, you're going to wake up in the middle of the night and find that you've cut your throat.
CLARENDON: How clumsy. I'd never forgive myself. Good night my dear.
MARGO: You could have got in that room, just as you got in here. How do I know you didn't kill Larry?
CLARENDON: With what motive?
MARGO: Nastiness. You're nasty with words. Why wouldn't you be nasty with deeds once in a while? You hated him--and I know why.
CLARENDON: He was very easy to hate. If you'll look in your mirror, when you are in a better temper- you'll know why.