PAUL: So you lost the job. Is that what you're telling me? He just up and fired you?
RASHID: It was more complicated than that. There was a reason.
PAUL: Well?
RASHID: It wasn't my fault.
PAUL: If you don't tell me what happened, how do you expect me to know that? I need facts, not opinions.
RASHID: The water was dripping, see... I turned it off, but it was still dripping, and then Auggie had to go out, and so I left the back room ... And later on ... well, later on ... when Auggie came back ... the whole place was flooded. His Cuban cigars got all messed up ... You know, soaked through ... just when he was about to sell them ... to these rich guys in suits....
PAUL: Cuban cigars. You mean he had some hanky-panky going with those guys?
RASHID: I suppose so. He never told me about it.
PAUL: No wonder he was angry.
RASHID: He was out five thousand bucks, he said.... He kept saying it over and over.... Five thousand bucks down the drain.... He wouldn't stop.... Five thousand bucks, five thousand bucks.... He was like out of his mind with those five thousand bucks....
PAUL: Here's what you're going to do. You're going to open up your backpack, take out your bag of money, count out five thousand dollars, and hand it over to Auggie.
RASHID: What are you talking about? You can't be serious.
PAUL: I'm serious, all right. You've got to square it with Auggie. Since you won't give the money back to the Creeper, you can use it to make things right with Auggie. That's probably better anyway. Better to keep your friends than to worry about your enemies.
RASHID: I'm not going to do it.
PAUL: You'll do it, all right. You fuck up, you've got to undo the damage. That's how it works, buster. If you don't do it, I'm going to throw you out of here. Do you understand me? If you don't pay Auggie what you owe him. I'm finished with you.
RASHID: I pay Auggie, and I've got nothing. Eight hundred bucks and a ticket to Shit City.
PAUL: Don't worry about it. You've got friends now, remember? Just behave yourself, and everything will work out.
PAUL: The kid's sorry, Auggie.
AUGGIE: Yeah, well, I'm sorry too. It took me three years to save up those five thousand bucks, and now I'm broke. I can't hardly pay for this beer. Not to speak of having my credibility destroyed. Do you understand what I'm saying? My credibility. So yeah, I'm sorry, too. About as sorry as I've ever been in my whole fucking life.
PAUL: He's got something to tell you, Auggie.
AUGGIE: If he's got something to tell me, why don't he tell it to me himself?
RASHID: It's for you.
AUGGIE: For me? And what am I supposed to do with a paper bag?
RASHID: Open it.
AUGGIE: What is this, some kind of joke?
RASHID: No, it's five thousand dollars.
AUGGIE: Shit. I don't want your money, you little twerp. It's probably stolen anyway.
RASHID: What do you care where it comes from? It's yours.
AUGGIE: And why the hell would you give me money?
RASHID: So I can get my job back.
AUGGIE: Your job? You've got five thousand bucks. What do you want a piece-of-shit job like that for?
RASHID: To look at the dirty magazines. I can see all the naked women I want, and it doesn't cost me a cent.
AUGGIE: You're a dumb, whacked-out little fuck, do you know that?
PAUL: Don't be an ass, Auggie. He's trying to make it up to you, can't you see that?
AUGGIE: He's crazy.
PAUL: No, he's not. You are.
AUGGIE: You're right. I just wasn't sure you knew.
PAUL: It's written all over you like a neon sign. Now say something nice to Rashid to make him feel better.
AUGGIE: Fuck you, kid.
RASHID: Fuck you, too, you white son-of-a-bitch.
PAUL: Good. I'm glad that's settled!