AUGGIE: Christ, Ruby, it's been so long. I figured you were dead.
RUBY: Eighteen and a half years.
AUGGIE: Is that all? I thought it was about three hundred.
RUBY: You're looking good, Auggie.
AUGGIE: No I'm not. I look like shit. And so do you, Ruby. You look just awful. What's with the patch, anyway? What'd you do with that old blue marble -- hock it for a bottle of gin?
RUBY: I don't want to talk about it. If you really want to know. I lost it. And I'm not sorry I did. That eye was cursed, Auggie, and it never gave me nothing but grief.
AUGGIE: And you think it looks better to go around dressed up like Captain Hook?
RUBY: You always were a son-of-a-bitch, weren't you? A little weasel with a quick, dirty mouth.
AUGGIE: At least I've stayed true to myself. Which is more than I can say about some people.
RUBY: I've got something to talk to you about, and the least you can do is listen. You owe me that much. I drove all the way from Pittsburgh to see you, and I'm not going until you've heard me out.
AUGGIE: Talk away, lady of my dreams. I'm all ears.
RUBY: This is private, Auggie. Just between you and I.
AUGGIE: You heard her, pipsqueak. The lady and I have private business to discuss. Go outside and stand in front of the door. If anyone tries to come in, tell 'em we're closed. You got that?
JIMMY: Sure, Auggie, I got it. The store's closed. And when do I tell them it's open?
AUGGIE: When I tell you it's open. It's open when I tell you it's open!
JIMMY: Okay, Auggie, I got it. You don't have to yell.
AUGGIE: All right, sugar, what's on your mind?
RUBY: Don't look at me like that. Auggie. It gives me the creeps.
AUGGIE: Like what?
RUBY: Like what you're doing. I'm not going to eat you up. I need your help, and if you keep staring at me like that. I might start screaming.
AUGGIE: Help, huh? And I don't suppose this help has anything to do with money, does it?
RUBY: Don't rush me, okay? You're jumping to conclusions before I've even said anything. And besides, it's not for me. It's for our daughter.
AUGGIE: Our daughter? Is that what you said? Our daughter? I mean, you might have a daughter, but I sure as hell don't. And even if I did -- which I don't -- she wouldn't be our daughter.
RUBY: Her name is Felicity, and she just turned eighteen. She ran away from Pittsburgh last year, and now she's living in some shit-hole here in Brooklyn with a guy named Chico. Strung out on crack, four months pregnant. I can't bear to think about that baby. Our grandchild, Auggie. Just think of it. Our grandchild.
AUGGIE: Stop it, already. Just stop all this crap right now. Was that your idea to call her Felicity?
RUBY: It means happiness.""
AUGGIE: I know what it means. That still don't make it a good name.
RUBY: I don't know who else to turn to, Auggie.
AUGGIE: You've suckered me before, darling, remember? Why should I believe you now?
RUBY: Why would I lie to you, Auggie? You think it was easy to come here and walk into this place? Why would I do it if I didn't have to?
AUGGIE: That's what you told me when I shoplifted that necklace for you. You remember, baby, don't you? The judge gave me a choice: either go to the can or enlist. So, instead of going to college, I wind up in the navy for four years, I watch men lose their arms and legs, I nearly get my head blown off, and you, sweet Ruby McNutt, you run off and marry that asshole, Bill.
RUBY: You didn't write to me for more than a year. What was I supposed to think?
AUGGIE: Yeah, well, I lost my pen. By the time I got a new one, I was clean out of paper.
RUBY: It was over with Bill before you ever came home. Maybe you don't remember it now, but you were pretty hot to see me back then.
AUGGIE: You weren't so lukewarm yourself. At least at first.
RUBY: It fizzled, baby. That's the way it goes. But we had our times, didn't we? It wasn't all bad.
AUGGIE: A couple of moments, I'll grant you that. A second or two snatched from the jaws of eternity.
RUBY: And that's how Felicity came into the picture. During one of those two seconds.
AUGGIE: You're conning me, sweetheart. I ain't responsible for no baby.
RUBY: Then why do you think I married Frank? I was already pregnant, and I didn't have much time. Say what you like, but at least he gave my kid a name.
AUGGIE: Good old Frank. And how is fat Mr. Grease Monkey these days?
RUBY: Who the hell knows? He dropped out of sight fifteen years ago.
AUGGIE: Fifteen years ago? It won't wash, pumpkin. No mother waits fifteen years to tell a man he's a father. I wasn't born yesterday, you know.
RUBY: I thought I could handle it. I didn't want to bug you. I thought I could handle it on my own, but I couldn't. She's in real bad, Auggie.
AUGGIE: Nice try, old girl. I'd like to help you out. You know, for old time's sake. But all my spare cash is tied up in a business venture, and I haven't collected my profits yet. Too bad. You caught me at the wrong time.
RUBY: You're a cold-hearted bastard, aren't you? How'd you ever get so mean, Auggie?
AUGGIE: I know you think I'm lying to you, but I'm not. Every word I told you is the God's honest truth.