REBECCA: Frank!
DULANEY: I'll have you out in a few hours.
DULANEY: Lookin' to make the papers, John?
CARDENAS: Marsh left her close to three million dollars in his will. That's motive. She admits to being there the night of his death. That's opportunity -- and her fingerprints are on the nasal spray bottle.
DULANEY: You can't show intent.
DULANEY: Can you?
CARDENAS: Take your pole out of the water, Frank. The fish ain't biting today.
DULANEY: You're bluffing. John, it's me, remember? I've known you since your name was Juan Carlos.
DULANEY: C'mon -- think about it. If she was going to kill Marsh why leave the nasal spray bottle there for the police to find?
CARDENAS: She planned this. She wanted us to find the nasal spray.
DULANEY: Why would she want that?
CARDENAS: Because she's clever. Because she knows that even if we didn't find it we'd have suspicions as to why a man in Marsh's condition would use cocaine.
DULANEY: Suspicions maybe -- but suspicions aren't enough for a conviction.
CARDENAS: The M.E.'s report stated that Marsh's nasal membranes showed no sign of prior cocaine use. Without the nasal spray we would have still treated it as a poisoning. We would have looked for motive and the trail would have still led back to her.
DULANEY: I don't buy it and neither will a jury.
CARDENAS: We're going all the way on this one, Frank. Tell your client she has until the prelim to cop a plea for murder two -- fifteen to twenty five.
DULANEY: I'll tell her but she won't take it.
CARDENAS: Then she's not as smart as I thought she was. You've seen her in the depositions. Tell me you don't have any doubts?
DULANEY: She's innocent.
CARDENAS: Aren't they all?
DULANEY: Yeah. Well -- we'll let the blindfolded lady with the scales decide that.
DULANEY: I want you to know right now that the trial's going to be nasty. Your sex life is going to be dragged through the mud. They're going to say that you enticed Marsh -- led him down a dark path.
REBECCA: Andrew hardly needed leading. He was a very passionate man. He was eager to explore. I gave him what he wanted. We fulfilled each others needs.
DULANEY: This is a very small town -- people here have very straight views on sex.
REBECCA: I'm used to being on the outside looking in. The same men who will publicly profess their moral outrage for my sexual tastes are the same ones who privately rest their sweaty little hands on my legs and talk about weekend trips together.
DULANEY: Those same men will be sitting on the jury.
REBECCA: I am who I am. I can't deny it, anymore than you can deny who you are. I like sex different -- I like it wild. That's not a crime. I loved Andrew. We made love together. We made it differently, but we still made love. It was our way. It was private -- and now the whole world wants to look in through the pretense of justice. If I was some middle-aged divorcee who screwed him once a week do you think this would be happening to me?
REBECCA: Have you ever seen animals make love, Mr. Dulaney? They have such passion -- such savage emotion. They struggle, and snarl, and claw, but neither hurts the other. Not really.
DULANEY: No pain, no gain?
REBECCA: Something like that.
DULANEY: We're not animals.