MARIETTA: I'll hire a hit man if you don't want to help me stop this thing. I'll call Marcello Santos.
JOHNNIE: Now, Marietta, I am goin' to help you. And don't be gettin' carried away. You don't want to be bringin' Santos and his people into it.
MARIETTA: You're just jealous of Santos cause he's sweet on me.
JOHNNIE: Darlin', you ain't seein' Santos again, are ya?
MARIETTA: Oh, Johnnie Farragut... Don't you trust your very own Marietta?
JOHNNIE: Sorry, sweetheart. Bein' in love with you like I am brings out that ugly jealous side.
MARIETTA: Well stop worryin' about me and start worryin' about how you're gonna get that Lula back here and away from that murderer.
JOHNNIE: Sailor ain't a murderer. You got to get off that kick. And far's I can tell, Sailor was entire clean prior to that involvin' Lula. Even there he was protectin' her. You oughta be thankin' him for that. That Bob Ray Lemon they say was comin' after the both of 'em. Why am I tellin' you this, you was around that night. You ought to know just exactly what happened. Sailor just got a little too forceful is all... You remember that night...
MARIETTA: Maybe I was there, but I didn't see anythin'. All I know's that trash killed a man with his bare hands. Hands which are now prob'ly all over my baby!
JOHNNIE: Marietta, settle down now darlin'... I want what's best for her, too - like I said, I'll do what I can to bring her home.
LULA: Sailor, you are somethin' else, honey... When I was fifteen, Mama told me that pretty soon I'd be startin' to think about sex, and I should talk to her before I did anything about it.
SAILOR: But honey, I thought you told me your Uncle Pooch raped you when you was thirteen.
LULA: That's true. Uncle Pooch wasn't really an uncle. He was a business partner of my daddy's? And my mama never knew nothin' about me and him - that's for damn sure. His real name was somethin' kind of European, like Pucinski. But everyone just called him Pooch. He came around the house sometimes when Daddy was away. I always figured he was sweet on mama, so when he cornered me one afternoon, I was surprised more'n a little.
SAILOR: How'd it happen, peanut? He just pull out the old toad and let it croak?
LULA: You're terrible crude sometimes, Sailor, you know?
SAILOR: I can't hardly understand you when you talk with one of them Mores in your mouth.
LULA: I said you can be too crude sometimes? I don't think I care for it.
SAILOR: Sorry, sugar. Go on and tell me how old Pooch done the deed.
LULA: Well, mama was at the Busy Bee havin' her hair dyed? And I was alone in the house.
LULA: Uncle Pooch came in the side door through the porch, you know? Where I was makin' a jelly and banana sandwich? I remember I had my hair in curlers cause I was goin' that night with Vicki and Cherry Ann, the DeSoto sisters. Uncle Pooch must have known nobody but me was home, cause he came right in and put both his hands on my butt and sorta shoved me up against the counter.
SAILOR: Didn't he say somethin'?