PARRISH: All in all, what Bill wants to do is build the golden bridge to Drew with no hard feelings.
QUINCE: You think Drew will go for it?
PARRISH: Quince, I've got confidence in you.
QUINCE: Sir, I'll deliver the package.
PARRISH: Thanks.
JOE: Not at all.
PARRISH: What the hell do you care?
JOE: I was just asking, Bill.
PARRISH: You 'want to know', I'll tell you. You're looking at a man who tonight is not about to walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, he's galloping into it. And the same time, the business he built with his own hands and his own head is being commandeered by a couple of cheap pirates. And, oh yes, I almost forgot, my daughter's fallen in love with Death.
JOE: -- And I'm in love with your daughter.
PARRISH: Say again?
JOE: I'm in love with your daughter, and I'm taking her with me tonight.
PARRISH: You're what?
JOE: I think you heard me, Bill.
PARRISH: You're not taking Susan anywhere. And what the hell does that mean anyway?
JOE: I'm sorry, Bill --
PARRISH: Susan is my daughter, she has a wonderful life ahead of her and you're going to deprive her of it and you're telling me you're sorry? Well, I'm sorry, apology not accepted.
JOE: I love her, Bill. She is all that I ever wanted, and I've never wanted for anything because I've never wanted anything before, if you can understand.
PARRISH: How perfect for you -- to take whatever you want because it pleases you. It's not love --
JOE: Then what is it?
PARRISH: Some aimless infatuation in which, for the moment, you feel like in- dulging. It's missing everything that matters.
JOE: Which is what?
PARRISH: Trust, responsibility, taking the weight, for your choices and feel- ings and spending the rest of your life living up to them. And above all, not hurting the object of your love.
JOE: So that's what love is?
PARRISH: Multiply it by infinity and take it to the death of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
JOE: Those were my words, Bill.
PARRISH: Well, they're mine now.
JOE: Susan wants to come. She says she's in love with me.
PARRISH: With you?! Who is 'you'? Did you tell her who you are?
JOE: No.
PARRISH: Does she know where she's going?
JOE: I don't like what you're saying.
PARRISH: I don't expect you to.
JOE: Are you threatening me?
PARRISH: I certainly hope so -- I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life.