PETER: May I help you?
MAYA: Peter Kelson?
PETER: Yes... and you are?
MAYA: I saw you on television yesterday. You were brilliant.
PETER: Thank you. Do you work in the building? You coming from the party?
MAYA: You said that malignant narcissism was not evil.
PETER: Not pure evil. That's correct.
MAYA: And also that...
PETER: Listen, I'm sorry, but I'm running late.
MAYA: That there is no such thing as evil with a capital E.""
PETER: Not the most popular opinion, but yes.
MAYA: What if I told you I was a malignant narcissist?
PETER: A narcissist doesn't admit it. It's the extreme of self-denial.
MAYA: And I also believe in God and the Devil. In fact, I know they exist.
PETER: Well, by saying that, you're acknowledging the existence of a higher power. Which, to a narcissist, is impossible.
MAYA: I murdered my parents, Mr. Kelson. And while they deserved it, I still went to confession the following Sunday.
PETER: Ooooooh-kayyyyyy.
MAYA: In the end, the jury saw it my way.
PETER: Well, then it all seems to be working out for you. Listen, Ms...?
MAYA: Do you remember Henry Birdson? The math professor who won the Salwen Medal, then went home and killed his family?
PETER: What's that got to do with you?
MAYA: Last week the Catholic Church certified him as genuinely possessed. You realize how rarely they make that ruling?
PETER: I do.
MAYA: An exorcism was just held for Birdson. It failed. Disastrously. Which means there's still a demonic spirit present in his body. I was wondering, perhaps you'd like to go meet Henry. He's pretty amazing.
PETER: I'll bet.
MAYA: On television, you seemed so sure of yourself. If you're really that confident, you'd be willing to let someone prove you wrong?
PETER: The world would be so much simpler if it were all just about good and evil. Unfortunately I find it much more slippery and elusive place.
MAYA: Well, I think it's very simple. Here's a tape of Birdson's exorcism. I'll be at the Public Library. Tomorrow at 2... if you want to meet him.