RANDAL: What? What's with you? You haven't said anything for like twenty minutes. What the hell is your problem?
DANTE: This life.
RANDAL: This life?
DANTE: Why do I have this life?
RANDAL: Have some chips; you'll feel better.
DANTE: I'm stuck in this pit, earning less than slave wages, working on my day off, dealing with every backward fuck on the planet, the goddamn steel shutters are locked all day, I smell like shoe polish, I've got an ex- girlfriend who's catatonic after fucking a dead guy, and my present girlfriend has sucked thirty-six dicks.
RANDAL: Thirty-seven.
DANTE: My life is in the shitter right about now, so if you don't mind, I'd like to stew a bit.
CUSTOMER: You open?
RANDAL: Yeah.
RANDAL: That's all bullshit. You know what the real problem here is?
DANTE: I was born.
RANDAL: You should shit or get off the pot.
DANTE: I should shit or get off the pot.
RANDAL: Yeah, you should shit or get off the pot.
DANTE: What are you talking about?
RANDAL: I'm talking about this thing you have... this inability to improve your situation in life.
DANTE: Fuck you.
RANDAL: It's true. You'll sit there and blame life for dealing a cruddy hand, never once accepting the responsibility for the way your situation is.
DANTE: What responsibility?
RANDAL: All right, if you hate this job and the people, and the fact that you have to come in on your day off, then quit.
DANTE: As if it's that easy.
RANDAL: It is. You just up and quit. There are other jobs, and they pay better money. You're bound to be qualified for at least one of them. So what's stopping you?
DANTE: Leave me alone.
RANDAL: You're comfortable. This is a life of convenience for you, and any attempt to change it would shatter the pathetic microcosm you've fashioned for yourself.
DANTE: Oh, like your life's any better?
RANDAL: I'm satisfied with my situation for now. You don't hear me bitching. You, on the other hand, have been bitching all day.
DANTE: Thank you. Why don't you go back to the video store?
RANDAL: It's the same thing with Veronica.
DANTE: Leave her out of this.
RANDAL: You date Veronica because she's low maintenance and because it's convenient. Meanwhile, all you ever do is talk about Caitlin. You carry a torch for a girl you dated in high school-in high school for God's sake! You're twenty-two!
DANTE: Leave me alone.
RANDAL: If you want Caitlin, then face Veronica, tell her, and be with Caitlin. If you want Veronica, be with Veronica. But don't pine for one and fuck the other. Man, if you weren't such a fucking coward...
DANTE: ...If I wasn't such a fucking coward. It must be so great to be able to simplify everything the way you do.
RANDAL: Am I right or what?
DANTE: You're wrong. Things happened today, okay? Things that probably ruined my chances with Caitlin.
RANDAL: What? The dead guy? She'll get over fucking the dead guy. Shit, my mom's been fucking a dead guy for thirty years; I call him Dad.
DANTE: Caitlin and I can't be together. It's impossible.
RANDAL: Melodrama coming from you seems about as natural as an oral bowel movement.
DANTE: What do you want me to say? Yes, I suppose some of the things you're saying may be true. But that's the way things are; it's not going to change.
RANDAL: Make them change.
DANTE: I can't, all right! Jesus, would you leave me alone? I can't make changes like that in my life. If I could, I would-but I don't have the ability to risk comfortable situations on the big money and the fabulous prizes.
RANDAL: Who're you kidding? You can so.
DANTE: Jesus H. Christ, I can't!
RANDAL: So you'll continue being miserable all the time, just because you don't have the guts to face change?
DANTE: My mother told me once that when I as three, my potty lid was closed, and instead of lifting it, I chose to shit my pants.
RANDAL: Lovely story.
DANTE: Point is-I'm not the kind of person that disrupts things in order to shit comfortably.
JAY: Noinch, noinch, noinch-smoking weed, smoking weed! Doing coke! Drinking beers! A pack of wraps, my good man. It's time to kick back, drink some beers, and smoke some weed!
DANTE: Done poisoning the youth for the day?
JAY: Hell yes, whatever that means. Now I'm gonna head over to Atlantic, drink some beers, get ripped, and- please God-get laid. E-Z Wider, one-and-a-halfs.
DANTE: One seventy-nine.
JAY: Pay the good man. Don't you close soon?
DANTE: A half hour.
JAY: We get off about the same time every night. We should hang out. You get high?
DANTE: I should start.
JAY: Wanna come to this party tonight? There's gonna be some pussy there, man!
DANTE: With you? I don't think so.
JAY: Listen to you. Oh shit. Oh
DANTE: Nothing personal.
JAY: I work, just like you. You're more of a crook than I am, dude.
DANTE: How do you figure... HEY! You can't roll a joint in here!
JAY: Relax brother. What I mean is that you sell the stuff in this store at the highest prices around. A dollar seventy-nine for wraps-what's that shit?
DANTE: It's not my store.
JAY: And these aren't my drugs-I just sell them.
DANTE: The difference is you exploit a weakness.
JAY: What's that mean?
DANTE: You sell to people that can't stay away from an addiction.
JAY: All right. How much is Pepsi here?
DANTE: A dollar sixty-nine, plus tax.
JAY: At Food City it's ninety-nine cents, plus tax.
DANTE: So.
JAY: So why do you sell it for so much more? I'll tell you why-because people come here and they're like A dollar eighty for soda? I should get it at Food City. But I don't feel like driving there. I'll just buy it here so I don't have to drive up there." That's exploiting a weakness
DANTE: I can't believe you just rolled a joint in here.
JAY: Hey, man, what happened with that old guy?
DANTE: He died in the bathroom.
JAY: That's fucked up. Yo, I heard he was jerkin' off.
DANTE: I don't know. I wasn't watching.
JAY: Probably saw that Caitlin chick. I know I felt like beatin' it when I saw her. Come here, bitch! You like this? Is this what you want? Hunhh?
DANTE: Knock it off. That used to be my girlfriend.
JAY: You used to go out with her?
DANTE: We were going to start again, I think.
JAY: Don't you already have a girlfriend?
DANTE: Veronica.
JAY: Is she that girl who's down here all the time? She came here today carrying a plate of food.
DANTE: Lasagne.
JAY: And what-you were gonna dump her to date that Caitlin chick?
DANTE: Maybe.
JAY: I don't know dude. That Caitlin chick's nice. But I see that Veronica girl doing shit for you all the time. She brings you food, she rubs your back... Didn't I see her change your tire one day?
DANTE: I jacked the car up. All she did was loosen the nuts and put the tire on.
JAY: Damn. She sure goes out of her way.
DANTE: She's my girlfriend.
JAY: I've had girlfriends, but all they wanted from me was weed and shit. Shit, my grandma used to say, Which is better: a good plate with nothing on it..." No
DANTE: Meaning?
JAY: I don't know. She was senile and shit. Used to piss herself all the time. C'mon Silent Bob.