ANN: I don't know. He went to school here, then he was in New York for awhile, then Philadelphia, and then just kind of travelling around.
CYNTHIA: Must be nice. So, what's he like, is he like John?
ANN: No, not at all. Actually, I don't think John likes him much anymore. He said he thought Graham had gotten strange.
CYNTHIA: Is he? Strange, I mean?
ANN: Not really. Maybe if I just saw him on the street I'd have said that, but after talking to him... he's just kind of... I don't know, unusual.
CYNTHIA: Uh-huh. So what's he look like?
ANN: Why?
CYNTHIA: I just want to know what he looks like, is all.
ANN: Why, so you can go after him?
CYNTHIA: Jesus, Ann, get a life. I just asked what he looked like.
CYNTHIA: Besides, even if I decided to fuck his brains out, what business is that of yours?
ANN: Do you have to say that?
CYNTHIA: What?
ANN: You know what. You say it just to irritate me.
CYNTHIA: I say it because it's descriptive.
ANN: Well, he doesn't strike me as the kind of person that would go in for that sort of thing, anyway.
CYNTHIA: Ann, you always underestimate me.
ANN: Well, I wonder why.
CYNTHIA: I think you're afraid to put the two of us in the same room together. I think you're afraid he'll be undeniably drawn to me.
ANN: Oh, for God's sake. Really, Cynthia, really, I don't think he's your type.
CYNTHIA: My type"? What is this bullshit? How would you know what "my type" is?"
ANN: I have a pretty good idea.
CYNTHIA: Ann, you don't have a clue. Look, I don't even know why we're discussing this, I'll just call him myself.
ANN: He doesn't have a phone.
CYNTHIA: Well, I'll call him when he does.
ANN: But he won't.
CYNTHIA: What are you talking about?
ANN: He's not getting a phone, he doesn't like talking on the phone.
CYNTHIA: Oh, please. Okay, so give me the Zen master's address, I'll think of a reason to stop by.
ANN: Let me talk to him first.
CYNTHIA: Why? Just give me the address, you won't even have to be involved.
ANN: I don't feel right just giving you the address so that you can go over there and...
CYNTHIA: And what?
ANN: And... do whatever it is you do.
ANN: Lose something?
CYNTHIA: That goddam diamond stud earring that cost me a fucking fortune.
ANN: Are you getting Mom something for her birthday?
CYNTHIA: I don't know, I'll get her a card or something.
ANN: A card? For her fiftieth birthday?
CYNTHIA: What's wrong with that?
ANN: Don't you think she deserves a little more than a card? I mean, the woman gave birth to you. It's her fiftieth birthday --
CYNTHIA: Will you stop? Jesus.
ANN: I just thought it might --
CYNTHIA: Okay, Ann, okay. How about this: you buy her something nice, and I'll pay for half. All right?
ANN: Fine.
CYNTHIA: Good. Now, if you'll pardon me, I have to go to work.
ANN: I was thinking maybe I shouldn't be in therapy anymore.
DOCTOR: What brought this on?
ANN: I've been thinking about it for awhile, and then I was talking to somebody who kind of put things in perspective for me.
DOCTOR: I thought that's what I did. Who was it that you talked to?
ANN: That guy Graham I told you about. He said taking advice from someone you don't know intimately was... well, he said a lot of stuff.
DOCTOR: Ann, in life one has to be aware of hidden agendas. Did it occur to you that Graham may have his own reasons for not wanting you to be in therapy?
ANN: What do you mean? I don't understand.
DOCTOR: It's possible that Graham has hidden motives for disliking therapy and/or therapists. Perhaps he has problems of his own that he is unwilling to deal with, and he would like to see other people, you for instance, wallow in their situation just as he does. Do you think that's possible?
ANN: I guess.
DOCTOR: You understand that you are free to leave therapy at any time?
ANN: Yes.
DOCTOR: That you are under no obligation to me?
ANN: Yes.
DOCTOR: Do you want to leave therapy?
ANN: Not really.
DOCTOR: Do you feel there is more progress to be made?
ANN: Yes.
DOCTOR: I'm glad you feel that way, because I feel that way, too.
ANN: But you don't have hidden motives for feeling that way, right?