DEBORAH: You’re wrong about my being there, though. Carlos borrowed my car that day, his had broken down... Leon saw it, like you, assumed I was there, thought he’d wait to ask for a lift. But Carlos turned up, with the tape you found... Leon got his lift, and accidentally picked up the tape with his photo equipment when he got out. He watched it, confronted Carlos, threatened to tell the police about the hotel... I don’t know how he knew about the hotel. Perhaps Carlos talked too much... My husband did not tell me... You more or less guessed the rest... I didn’t know any of this before you left for Los Angeles.
LOMBARD: You don’t say.
DEBORAH: That my brother, my husband and your Mr Friedman were linked, that much I had guessed. But that my husband had killed Leon? No.
LOMBARD: Why did you send me after Friedman? To atone for your sins?
DEBORAH: I didn’t know my husband and Friedman knew each other. I just... Do you think we spoke about it? I’ve known for five years. He’s known I’ve known for five years... But not once have we spoken about it. There are things one just doesn’t speak about...
LOMBARD: One just doesn’t... Tell me, what does one speak about, huh?
DEBORAH: Think what you like. But don’t presume to understand.
LOMBARD: I don’t.
DEBORAH: Good.
LOMBARD: Is there anything to understand?
DEBORAH: Why do I feel I needn’t answer that?
LOMBARD: Rich. Young. Beautiful. You must at least get a kick out of what he does to his kids.
DEBORAH: You bastard...
LOMBARD: Five years of it. Surely, you’d have divorced him if he disgusted you?
DEBORAH: You splendid bastard...
LOMBARD: Are there truly no extenuating circumstances?
DEBORAH: ...We’re turning in circles.
LOMBARD: And you still haven’t told me why you sent me after Friedman.
DEBORAH: Maybe I wanted to give my husband a fright.
LOMBARD: A fright?... Five years of cowardice led to your brother being murdered and you wanted to give his murderer a fright?
DEBORAH: I didn’t know who or what had happened to my brother yet, Mr Lombard!
LOMBARD: What was the idea? Husband is filled with fear when he learns his child supplier’s being tailed?
DEBORAH: Something like that.
LOMBARD: Something like that?
DEBORAH: Something like that.
LOMBARD: What happened? Adonis slapped you about a little and you reverted to cowardice?
DEBORAH: Here we go again.
LOMBARD: Where is that?
DEBORAH: Simplify and damn.
LOMBARD: Don’t you believe in simplicity?
DEBORAH: Should I?
LOMBARD: We all have to like what we become. Cowards included. We achieve this by complicating things a little. But it’s never that complicated really.
DEBORAH: You seem to know what you’re talking about.
LOMBARD: Perhaps it came to me while dying in a Californian desert because a woman set upon giving her husband a fright got slapped about a little.
DEBORAH: My husband didn’t need to slap me about, Mr Lombard. I volunteered...
LOMBARD: To get me killed...?
DEBORAH: I didn’t intend it that way... It just happened. He heard from Laurence that you’d been back. That we’d argued. He asked why and it just happened; I told him everything... I couldn’t help it. Wanted to see him scared. I had never seen him scared before, you see...
LOMBARD: Well, I hope you enjoyed yourself.
DEBORAH: Perhaps I did... Until fear turned into panic. That’s when he hit me, and told me he’d killed my brother... “You don’t know what you’ve done,” he said. “We’re in deep trouble,” he said. “We,” he said. “We.” We’d both be killed if Friedman ever found out you were working for us, he said. We had to stop you and Friedman meeting...