NIKI: You have to believe in something. What do they believe in -- the Whatjamacillit church?
JAKE: Christian Reformed. It's a Dutch Calvinist denomination.
NIKI: Do they believe in reincarnation? I believe in reincarnation.
JAKE: They believe in the 'TULIP.'
NIKI: What the crap?
JAKE: It's an anagram. It comes from the Canons of Dort. Every letter stands for a different belief. T-U-L-I-P. Like -- are you sure you're interested in this?
NIKI: Yeah, yeah, go on.
JAKE: T stands for Total depravity, that is, all men, through original sin, are totally evil and incapable of good. 'All my works are like filthy rags in the sight of the Lord.'
NIKI: Shit.
JAKE: Be that as it may. U is for Unconditional Election. God has chosen a certain number of people to be saved, The Elect, and He has chosen them from the beginning of time. L is for Limited Atonement. Only a limited number will be atoned, will go to Heaven.
NIKI: Fuck.
JAKE: I can stop if you want.
NIKI: No, please go on.
JAKE: I is for Irresistible Grace. God's grace cannot be resisted or denied. And P is for the Perseverance of the Saints. Once you are in Grace you cannot fall from the number of the elect. And that's the 'TULIP.'
NIKI: Wait, wait. I'm trying to figure this out. This is like Rona Barrett. Before you become saved, God already knows who you are?
JAKE: He has to. That's Predestination. If God is omniscient, if He knows everything -- and He wouldn't be God if He didn't -- then He must have known, even before the creation of the world, the names of those who would be saved.
NIKI: So it's already worked out. The fix is in?
JAKE: More or less.
NIKI: Wow. Then why be good? Either you're saved or you ain't.
JAKE: Out of gratitude for being chosen. That's where Grace comes in. God first chooses you, then allows you, by Grace, to choose Him of your own free will.
NIKI: You really believe all that?
JAKE: Yeah. Well, mostly.
NIKI: I thought I was fucked up.
JAKE: I'll admit it's confusing from the outside. You've got to see it from the inside.
NIKI: If you see anything from the inside it makes sense. You ought to hear perverts talk. A guy once almost had me convinced to let his dachshund fuck me.
JAKE: It's not quite the same thing.
NIKI: It doesn't make any sense to me.
NIKI: Tod'll meet you at the bookstore at Eddy and O'Farrell tomorrow noon. I told him you were a 'specialty' customer.
JAKE: Why can't I meet him now?