BETTY: Hey, Rosa... it's Betty. How do you get to this town called 'Tustin?' It's in Orange County...
ROSA: Tustin? Take the Hollywood Freeway to the Five...
BETTY: The Five?
ROSA: Just look for the really crowded road and follow that.
BETTY: Okay... oh, umm, would you mind if I borrowed some clothes?
ROSA: Huh? Sure, look in my closet, take any dress you want! We're still on for tonight, right?
ROSA: You made it! Hey, that looks great on you. 'S classy... So, how'd it go today? You find him?
BETTY: Ummm... no, no. Different 'Ravell.'
BETTY: You know, the more I think about it, this really isn't David's kind of place.
ROSA: What are you talking about? This bar is packed with professional people! Everybody says if you're going to get married, this is the spot to meet someone... Luckily, I'm currently off men, so I've got the luxury of not giving a shit.
BETTY: I know what you mean, I recently had some trouble with a man, a different man... and David's still getting over Leslie. His wife.
ROSA: He has a wife?!
BETTY: Had. She died in a car accident last year. She was decapitated.
ROSA: God, that's awful!
BETTY: It may not have been an accident. They never did find her head...
ROSA: Her 'head'?! You're making this up...
BETTY: No, no! Well, see, she was having an affair with a Russian diplomat who I believe was mixed up with the Mafia...
ROSA: Jesus, I thought my love life was crazy...
ROSA: ...so, we'll hit the library first and fan out from there. They've got all the L.A. phone books, plus medical directories... We're not gonna let him hide from you any more, okay? I'm making this my personal mission.
BETTY: David isn't hiding from me, I left him standing at the altar six years ago and now I'm...
ROSA: Fuck the details, they're always to blame... Look, too many of these guys duck out on us, especially after they become doctors or lawyers. I see it at my company all day long! So I'm just gonna make sure you get your, you know, fairy tale ending or whatever... One of us should.
BETTY: Rosa, I can't believe you're doing all this for me... thank you.
ROSA: Hey, how 'bout a card for me? What is that? Please call if you have any information on David Ravell." This is my phone number! How many of these have you given out?"
BETTY: How many men have I talked to?
ROSA: Jesus! They're all gonna be calling me!
BETTY: You said in L.A., anything goes.
ROSA: I was talking about what you could wear!