MONICA: So what do I do?
CAMILLE: Find out where they're registered and send them a gift.
MONICA: Whatever.
CAMILLE: You didn't want my opinion in the first place, so why even ask?
MONICA: I asked but why does it always have to be so damn prissy.
CAMILLE: Don't curse.
MONICA: There you go.
CAMILLE: What do you want me to tell you, Monica, to go beat that girl up? To go have sex with him? I'm not going to do that. Yes, I believe thinking of other people is important and yes I'd rather bake a pie than shoot a dumb jump shot. If that makes me too prissy" for you
MONICA: So that's why we can't get along? Because I'd rather shoot a dumb" jump shot?"
CAMILLE: You're the one always turning your nose up at me.
MONICA: No I don't.
CAMILLE: Child, please. Ever since you were little you thought you were too good for anything I had to say.
MONICA: I wasn't Lena. I didn't care about nail polish or lip gloss or sneaking a spray of your perfume.
CAMILLE: What was so wrong with wanting to teach you the things I knew could help you?
MONICA: Because you're pushing me to be something I'm not.
CAMILLE: So you're angry with me because you're standing here with your hair combed and wearing perfume?
MONICA: I'm angry because I want a mother, not Martha Stewart.
CAMILLE: Oh, yes. The superstar female athlete whose mother is nothing but a housewife.
MONICA: That's not it.
CAMILLE: Don't tell me you aren't ashamed of that because I know.
MONICA: I remember when I was eight years old, you spent like four hours cooking up this fancy meal. All you'd let me and Lena do was set the table. And I guess you and Dad got your wires crossed or something because he walks in with a couple of pizzas. And you didn't say anything. You just threw the whole meal into some tupper-ware and tossed it in the fridge.
CAMILLE: I don't remember that.
MONICA: I do. You never stood up for yourself. Ever. If I was ashamed, it was because of that.
CAMILLE: That's ridiculous.
MONICA: What's ridiculous is not being a caterer so your husband can feel like a man knowing his woman's home cooking and ironing his drawers.