SUSIE: Finally they shuttle him to a radio factory in Minks where he lives as high on the hog as he ever has - he's given 5,000 rubles, a roomy apartment with a balcony, has affairs with local girls.
JIM: Makes sense - he's a spokesman.
SUSIE: But he never writes, speaks, or does any propaganda for the Russians. He meets Marina, whose uncle is a colonel in Soviet intelligence, at a trade union dance; she thinks he's Russian the way he speaks, six weeks later they marry, have a daughter.
NUMA: Didn't someone say he didn't speak good Russian?
JIM: It's a contradiction, Numa, get used to them. The only explanation for the royal treatment is he did give them radar secrets. Or fake secrets.
SUSIE: I don't know if it's coincidence, but Oswald had a top security clearance and knew about the U2 program from his days at Atsugi Air Base in Japan. Six months after he arrives in Russia, Francis Gary Powers' U2 spy flight goes down in Russia. That plane was untouchable. Powers hinted that Oswald could've given the Russians enough data to hit it. As a direct result, the peace summit between Khrushchev and Eisenhower failed. I can't help thinking of that book Seven Days In May, maybe someone in our military didn't want the Peace Conference to happen, maybe Oswald was part of that. It gets weirder.
BILL: Susie, you're an assistant D.A., remember. Stick to what you can prove in court.
SUSIE: You want facts, Bill? Okay. From 1945 to '59 only two U.S. soldiers defect to Russia. From '59 to '60, seven defect, six return, one of them another Marine a month before Oswald. All of them young men made to seem poor, disenchanted.
JIM: Don't get sidetracked! How does he get back to the States? That's the point. Does he have any problems?
SUSIE: None! The State Department issues him a new passport in 48 hours and loans him the money to travel. He's never investigated or charged by the Navy for revealing classified information or, as far as we know, debriefed by the CIA.
JIM: This is a man whose secrets cause us to change our radar patterns in the Pacific! He should've been prosecuted as a traitor!
SUSIE: The FBI finally gets around to talking to him in Dallas and runs a file on him as a miscreant Communist type.
JIM: But who meets him when he gets off the boat in New York in June '62?
SUSIE: Spas T. Raikin, a leading member of an anti-Communist group.
JIM: And Marina? Does she have a problem getting out?
SUSIE: None either. It's bizarre. It's next to impossible to get Russian sweethearts out. Nor does Lee have any problem getting a new passport when he wants to go to Cuba and Russia in '63. A man who has defected once already. It's crazy.
JIM: Dammit, it doesn't add up! Ordinary people get blacklisted for leftist affiliations! The State Department did everything short of dispatching a destroyer to Minks to insure Oswald's return. Only intelligence people can come and go like that.
SUSIE: The next thing we know he's living in Dallas/Ft. Worth in October '62 working 6 months at Jaggars-Chiles- Stovall, a photographic firm that contracts to make maps for the U.S. Army... He starts work only days before the government reveals Russian missiles in Cuba and the crisis explodes. Oswald may have had access to missile site footage obtained by the U2 planes and works alongside a young man who'd been in the Army Security Agency.
JIM: Sort of like Benedict Arnold coming back to George Washington's cabinet.
SUSIE: Equally incongruous is Oswald becoming chummy with the White Russian community of Dallas - all rabid anti- Communists.