LOUIS: Come on, Jake. That didn't hurt.
JACOB: How do you know?
LOUIS: I know you. How come you're so tense today?
JACOB: What can I tell you?
LOUIS: I saw Sarah the other day.
JACOB: Her knee acting up?
LOUIS: A bit.
JACOB: What did she have to say?
LOUIS: Turn on your right side. How about the other right?" I don't understand you philosphers. You've got the whole world figured out but you can't remember the difference between right and left."
JACOB: I was absent the day they taught that in school. What did she say?
LOUIS: Who?
JACOB: Sarah.
LOUIS: Not much. She's like you that way. Two clams. No wonder your marriage didn't last. Put your hand under your head. Take a breath and then let it out.
LOUIS: Ah, good. Now turn to your left.
JACOB: She talk about the boys?
LOUIS: She says she can't get them new coats because you haven't sent the alimony for three months.
JACOB: She told you that? Did she tell you about the $2,000 I'm still paying for the orthodontist? I'll bet she didn't mention that.
LOUIS: She said you were a son of a bitch and she regrets the day she set eyes on you.
JACOB: I thought you said she didn't say much.
LOUIS: She didn't. That's about all she said. Put your hand up. Good. I think she still loves you. Take a breath and let it out.
JACOB: Loves me!? She hasn't said a kind word about me in years!
LOUIS: Right. She doesn't stop talking about you. You're always on her mind. That's love, Jake.
JACOB: She hates me, Louis.
LOUIS: You should go back to her.
JACOB: What? She threw me out, remember. She wanted some professor to carry her far away from Brooklyn. Only we didn't make it. She can't forgive me that she still lives in the same house she grew up in.
LOUIS: Her problem is that you spent eight years getting a PhD and then went to work for the post office.
JACOB: What can I tell you, Louis? After Nam I didn't want to think anymore. I decided my brain was too small an organ to comprehend this chaos.
LOUIS: If it was any other brain but yours, I might agree. Relax, this is going to be strong.
JACOB: I can't relax.
LOUIS: Wiggle your toes.