MARGIE: You like Castro? I mean -- how do you feel about Castro? BUD What is Castro?
MARGIE: You know, that big-shot down in Cuba with the crazy beard.
BUD: What about him?
MARGIE: Because as far as I'm concerned, he's a no good fink. Two weeks ago I wrote him a letter -- never even answered me.
BUD: That so.
MARGIE: All I wanted him to do was let Mickey out for Christmas.
BUD: Who is Mickey?
MARGIE: My husband. He's in Havana -- in jail.
BUD: Oh. Mixed up in that revolution?
MARGIE: Mickey? He wouldn't do nothing like that. He's a jockey. They caught him doping a horse.
BUD: Well, you can't win 'em all.
MARGIE: 'Twas the night before Christmas And all through the house Not a creature was stirring -- Nothing -- No action -- Dullsville! You married?
BUD: No.
MARGIE: Family?
BUD: No.
MARGIE: A night like this, it sort of spooks you to walk into an empty apartment.
BUD: I said I had no family -- I didn't say I had an empty apartment.
SHELDRAKE: Come on, Fran -- don't be like that. You just going to sit there and keep bawling? You won't talk to me, you won't tell me what's wrong -- Look, I know you think I'm stalling you. But when you've been married to a woman for twelve years, you don't just sit down at the breakfast table and say Pass the sugar -- and I want a divorce." It's not that easy. Anyway
FRAN: Yeah -- that's me. The Happy Idiot -- a million laughs.
SHELDRAKE: Well, that's more like it. At least you're speaking to me.
FRAN: Funny thing happened to me at the office party today -- I ran into your secretary -- Miss Olsen. You know -- ring-a-ding-ding? I laughed so much I like to died.
SHELDRAKE: Is that what's been bothering you -- Miss Olsen? That's ancient history.
FRAN: I was never very good at history. Let me see -- there was Miss Olsen, and then there was Miss Rossi -- no, she came before -- it was Miss Koch who came after Miss Olsen --
SHELDRAKE: Now, Fran --
FRAN: And just think -- right now there's some lucky girl in the building who's going to come after me --
SHELDRAKE: Okay, okay, Fran. I deserve that. But just ask yourself -- why does a man run around with a lot of girls? Because he's unhappy at home -- because he's lonely, that's why -- all that was before you, Fran -- I've stopped running.
FRAN: How could I be so stupid? You'd think I would have learned by now -- when you're in love with a married man, you shouldn't wear mascara.
SHELDRAKE: It's Christmas Eve, Fran -- let's not fight.
FRAN: Merry Christmas.