PAINE: --I've used every argument in the world to try to turn him off. He just keeps coming back to the dam-- and what he knows--
MCGANN: Saunders! I'd like to tie her in a sack and drop her from the Brooklyn Bridge--
PAINE: --now he wants to talk to the Congressmen from the Willet Creek districts--he's run their names down--
TAYLOR: That's him. Let him in.
PAINE: Wait a minute--Jim--you didn't ask *Smith* over here!
TAYLOR: What do you think?
PAINE: Jim, you can't come here and pull that steamroller stuff. Your methods won't do here. This boy is a Senator, however it happened, he's a Senator. This is Washington.
TAYLOR: Steamroller stuff, Joe? My methods don't go in Washington? They've done pretty well by now, haven't they?
PAINE: Oh, Jim, that's beside the point. This boy's different. He's honest and beside he thinks the world of me. We can't do this to him.
TAYLOR: Well, what do you want me to do? Stand around like you chump and let that drooling infant wrap that Willet Creek Dam appropriation around my neck. Either he falls in line with us and behaves himself or I'll break him so wide open they'll never be able to find the pieces.
PAINE: Jim, I won't stand for it.
TAYLOR: You won't stand for it?
PAINE: I don't want any part of crucifying this boy.
TAYLOR: Oh, I see. Out steamroller methods are getting too hard to your sensitive soul, is that it, Joe? The Silver Knight is getting to big for us. My methods have been all right for the past twenty years, Joe, since I picked you out of a fly-specked hole in the wall and blew you up to look like a Senator, and now you can't stand it. Well, maybe you won't have to stand it, Joe. Maybe we can fix it so you and your Boy Ranger can go home together.
PAINE: Jim, you don't have to--
TAYLOR: Oh, it's all right--it's all right. It seems a shame, though, to part company like this after all these years, especially now with a national convention coming up. Joe, I've put everything I have behind you. And so did all of our friends, but I guess we'll survive. We'll just have to find somebody else that's got a little more sense, that's all. In the meantime, you explain to Mr. Smith about Willet Dam. It's your bill-- it's your reputation, and if he can't find enough facts to break you with, you just send him to me and I'll give him a couple of good ones. I'm taking the next plane home.
PAINE: Jim, it's just that I like the kid-- I don't want to see you get too rough on him.
TAYLOR: I'm glad to see you come to your senses. You had me scared there for a minute, thought. Let him in.