MAX: See you're back and still rocking the boat.
LOGAN: Somebody's got to.
MAX: I would've come sooner, but...I didn't... How're you doin'?
LOGAN: Not in any pain...the good and bad news of a blown out spinal cord.
MAX: I'm sorry.
LOGAN: My mother used to say the universe is right on schedule. Everything happens like it's supposed to.
MAX: You believe that?
LOGAN: I've never been much for trying to understand why bad things happen, I just know they do. So the job's to figure out how to deal with the consequences. Which you did... You took that sonuvabitch out.
MAX: Well, not me personally.
LOGAN: On accounta you, Sonrisa didn't get to buy off the jury, or kill the judge. He's gone. Once and for all. It was war, Max, and you won.
MAX: That's what soldiers do, right?
MAX: What's this?
LOGAN: Open it.
LOGAN: It turned up on the black market. One of my sources thought I might be interested.
MAX: I don't know what to say.
LOGAN: Deeds, not words. I need your help.
LOGAN: Forty-seven people drowned last night off the coast of Vancouver after paying smugglers twenty thousand apiece to get into Canada so they could get work in order to eat. Only they got marched overboard at gunpoint instead.
MAX: Look, thank you for this but--
LOGAN: These girls, kidnapped during the last month and sold overseas to the highest bidder. The oldest is twelve. The youngest about the same age you were when you escaped.
MAX: And I feel real bad about all that but it doesn't mean I need to get involved.
LOGAN: You are involved. By being alive you're involved.
MAX: We're quoting Mom again.
LOGAN: Maybe we got screwed outta living in a time when we could sit in a cafe, sipping our lattes wearing two thousand dollar wrist watches while we plan our next vacation. But the world got a whole lot meaner all of a sudden. Wasn't s'posed to, but it did. And it's back to the law of the jungle. You got your predators and you got your victims.
MAX: And you still think you can do something to change that.
LOGAN: With your help.
MAX: Civilization as we know it is unraveling before our eyes. But Logan and Max, with a song in their hearts are gonna march into battle to keep that from happening.
LOGAN: And whether you want to believe it or not, you already fired the first shot. On another matter, Federal Corrections used to keep records on distinguishing marks-- scars, tattoos. I did a search and came up with this.
LOGAN: That was taken nine years ago... I.D.'d as Michael Hanover. Sentenced to 18 months in the state penn at Rawlins, Wyoming for armed robbery. He escaped from custody after 4 days. Hasn't been seen or heard from since.
MAX: Zack... He made it... He's alive...