HARDY: Gotta be honest, I love what you've done with the place --
OSBORNE: You and the Colonel go back.
HARDY: He got me through Basic and a lot of other stuff. I owe him.
OSBORNE: You're the Tom Hardy I've been reading about in the papers, right? New Orleans PD fired you for taking bribes from Guissepe Torres.
HARDY: It was for suspicion of bribery, it's really all in the wording --
OSBORNE: Wording and your friendship with the Colonel aside, I'm not comfortable having you involved in this.
HARDY: Subtlety really isn't one of you finer points, is it, Osborne?
HARDY: Three things. First -- You don't have a choice. Second -- I've never taken a bribe in my life. And Third -- I'm still a little drunk from last night, so if I skip over the witty banter and move forward to straight hitting on you, try not to take offense. Tell me about the two guys.
OSBORNE: Hurricane knocked out our Mainframe, so all we have are their dogtags. Cadets Raymond Dunbar and Levi Kendall --
HARDY: Levi? Who names their kid Levi --
OSBORNE: Senator Jonathan Kendall, of Ohio.
HARDY: Christ... Remind me to thank Bill for mentioning that on the phone --
OSBORNE: Kendall Junior is still in surgery, so he won't be available to answer for his name or anything else for another hour -- the cadet we're talking to first is Dunbar.
HARDY: He's in interrogation?
OSBORNE: Yes.
HARDY: Move him.
OSBORNE: Why?
HARDY: Because interrogation rooms look suspiciously like interrogation rooms, which doesn't exactly put people at ease. Is he cute?
OSBORNE: Excuse me?
HARDY: Is Dunbar cute?
OSBORNE: That is the most unprofessional --
HARDY: Is he handsome, self assured, carry himself well, does he look you in the eyes or down at the floor, does he have good bones, suggesting good breeding, does he slouch or sit up straight -- these are important questions, as they reveal a great deal about this man's character so please get over yourself for two and a half seconds and tell me is he cute?
HARDY: Thank you. At some point in there I'm gonna rub my nose. When I do, go at him with everything you got.
OSBORNE: Good cop/bad cop?
HARDY: Something like that.