BRUCE: I was lured by all the money and I truly did convince myself that what I did was for justice. Since then, McCay has wanted to put anyone he can down here.
SAUNDRA: But how do you know if the people are guilty ?
BRUCE: I do a very thorough background check. I go through police files, personel files, anything.
SAUNDRA: Then how come Matt and I showed up as guilty ?
BRUCE: It was there, clear as day. I saw the computer records. Matthew has been fed wiring money to his personal account. I just knew something was wrong.
SAUNDRA: So you may have been duped this whole time. Killing innocent people, that must make you feel ..., how does it feel ?
BRUCE: There are other things too. They had everyone start taking those psych tests. Did they make you take one ?
SAUNDRA: Yeah, everyone has to when they get hired.
BRUCE: There's more to it than trying to see if you'd steal from the company or if you'd lie or cheat.
SAUNDRA: What do you mean ?
BRUCE: McCay had a lot money done into researching psychological reactions to questions that are seemingly unrelated, but reveal everything. Like criminal impulses, homicidal impulses.....
SAUNDRA: And you believe that ?
BRUCE: I've since changed my mind. I designed this place, based on my belief that I was doing what the legal system couldn't or wouldn't do. McCay had the company buy the property and they pay the bills. It's a tax write off. On the books everything looks kosher. I have an office on 5th that I haven't seen in ten years.
SAUNDRA: Doesn't anyone notice all the people missing ?
BRUCE: This is New York. No one notices anyone. Not even when someone disappears. At first it was the guy who was caught trying to steal McCay's Jag. Then it was dirty accountants that tried to walk away with millions. The Old Man got such a rush from it, I thought that he would start trying to send me people who used the copier after hours.
SAUNDRA: How can you just take a life ? I mean it's a life, life is so precious. How does it feel ?
BRUCE: What do you do with the company, if I might ask ?
SAUNDRA: I'm in charge of the conversions. When First Bank buys another smaller bank, I'm in charge of converting them to our systems and way of doing things.