LEAH: What are you doing here, dumbass? I thought I was supposed to pick you up at four.
JUNO: I couldn't do it, Leah! It smelled like a dentist in there. They had these really horrible magazines, with, like, spritz cookie recipes and bad fiction and water stains, like someone read them in the tub. And the receptionist tried to give me these weird condoms that looked like grape suckers, and she told me about her boyfriend's pie balls, and Su-Chin Kuah was there, and she told me the baby had fingernails. Fingernails!
LEAH: Oh, gruesome. I wonder if the baby's claws could scratch your vag on the way out?
JUNO: I'm staying pregnant, Le.
LEAH: Keep your voice down dude, my mom's around here somewhere. She doesn't know we're sexually active.
JUNO: What does that even mean? Anyway, I got to thinking on the way over. I was thinking maybe I could give the baby to somebody who actually likes that kind of thing. You know, like a woman with a bum ovary or something. Or some nice lesbos.
LEAH: But then you'll get huge. Your chest is going to milktate. And you have to tell everyone you're pregnant.
JUNO: I know. Maybe they'll canonize me for being so selfless.
LEAH: Maybe they'll totally shit and be super mad at you and not let you graduate or go to Cabo San Lucas for spring break.
JUNO: Bleeker and I were going to go to Gettysburg for spring break.
LEAH: Well, maybe you could look at one of those adoption ads. I see them all the time in the Penny Saver.
JUNO: There are ads? For parents?
LEAH: Oh yeah! Desperately Seeking Spawn." They're right by the ads for like
JUNO: Come on, Leah. I can't scope out wannabe parents in the Penny Saver! That's tacky. That's like buying clothes at the Pump n' Munch.
JUNO: The Penny Saver sucks.
LEAH: Yeah, but it sucks for free.
LEAH: Look at this one Wholesome
JUNO: There's a guy in here who's giving away a piano. Free for the hauling! We should put it in Bleeker's yard.
LEAH: You're not listening to me.
JUNO: No, I heard you. I just can't give the baby to people who describe themselves as wholesome." I'm looking for something a little edgier."
LEAH: What did you have in mind, a family of disturbed loners who are into gunplay and incest?
JUNO: I was thinking a graphic designer, mid-thirties, and his cool Asian wife who dresses awesome and plays bass. But I'm trying to not be too particular.
LEAH: All right, how about this one? Healthy
JUNO: Yeesh, they sound like a cult. Besides, they're greedy bitches. They already have three kids!
LEAH: Hey, Juno. Juno! Look at this one.