MARIA: It's all your fault! It was all arranged until he spoke to you! Why can't you leave us alone?
CONWAY: Do you mean to tell me you want to leave Shangri-La?
MARIA: I'll die if I have to stay here another minute! I've waited a long time for this chance to go, and you're not going to stop me now. If I have to, I'll go alone. It was I who bribed the porters. If it weren't for me, you'd never get out!
CONWAY: I thought the porters had instructions from the High Lama not to take anyone.
MARIA: The High Lama? Who pays any attention to him? The porters laugh at the High Lama. All they want to know is how much gold he will give them. Well, I gave them more gold. I've been stealing it for a year. I'd do anything to get out of this place. To get away from that High Lama - the one who calls himself Father Perrault! Why, he's been insane for years!
CONWAY: Father Perrault is dead.
MARIA: He's dead? That's fine. You won't see me shedding any tears over him! Oh George, you must take me with you!
CONWAY: Aren't you afraid to leave? You don't want to look like an old woman, do you?
MARIA: Old woman? Chang told you that, didn't he?
CONWAY: Yes.
MARIA: I thought so! He tells everyone I'm old. He wants them to stay away from me. He can't stand it when anyone comes near. He's punished me for every minute I've spent with George. If it weren't for him, I would have been out of here long ago, but he always stops me. Six months ago, I tried to escape and he locked me in a dark room. I nearly went crazy. Look at me, Mr. Conway, do I look like an old woman? Is this the skin of an old woman? Look into my eyes and see if these are the eyes of an old woman?
GEORGE: She was kidnapped and brought here two years ago just as we were, Bob.
CONWAY: I don't believe it! I can't believe it. She's lying. You're lying. You're lying! Every word you've been saying is a lie! Come on, say it!
CONWAY: You're lying, aren't you?
MARIA: No, Mr. Conway, I'm not lying. What reason could I have for lying? The chances are that we'll never come out of that horrible trip alive, but I'd rather die out there in a snowstorm and be buried alive, than to stay here one more minute now.
CONWAY: You say the porters are waiting for us?
GEORGE: Yes.
CONWAY: The clothes?
GEORGE: Yes, everything!
CONWAY: What about the others?
GEORGE: I've already asked them. They're afraid to make the trip. We'll have to send an expedition back after them.
CONWAY: Come on! We're wasting time!
MARIA: Are you taking me?
CONWAY: Yes, of course. Certainly. Come on!