JORDAN: Pardon the hour, sir. But you told me to come to you immediately if I felt I was being mistreated in any way.
C.O.: Didn't take long.
C.O.: All right, lieutenant, give me a name and specifics, I'll have the X.O. file an action first thing in the morning. A name?
JORDAN: It's you, sir. And it started the day I came here.
C.O.: Oh, really.
JORDAN: It's this double-standard, the separate quarters, the deferential treatment. It's how you pulled out my chair and nearly served high tea the first time we met.
C.O.: Because I was civil, now you're complaining.
JORDAN: I can't afford civility, sir. How am I supposed to fit in with these guys when you've got me set up as an outsider? Even if I make it under these rules, I still lose, because there'll always be a flag in my file -- Yeah
C.O.: Did you just have a brain-fart?
JORDAN: Pardon?
C.O.: Did you just barge in here and curse at your base commander? If so, I regard that as a bonafide brain- fart, and I resent it when people fart inside my home.
JORDAN: I think you've resented me from the start, sir.
C.O.: What I resent, lieutenant, is some politician using my base as a test tube for her grand social experiment. What I resent is the sensitivity training that is now mandatory for my men... the day-care center I have to build where an officer's lounge used to be... and the OB/GYN I have to keep on staff just so someone can keep track of your personal pap smears. But most of all, lieutenant, I resent your perfume, however subtle it may be, competing with the aroma of my fine three-dollar-and-fifty- nine cent cigar, which I will happily put out this very instant if the phallic nature of it happens to offend your goddamn fragile sensibilities. DOES IT?
JORDAN: No, sir.
C.O.: No, sir, WHAT?
JORDAN: The shape doesn't bother me. It's just that goddamn rotten stench.
C.O.: Well. 'Least now we're talking the same language. So one standard. Is that what you're after?
JORDAN: Same rules for everyone, sir.
C.O.: Straight up?
JORDAN: Across the board, sir.
C.O.: And if you just happen to wash out, I won't have to contend with you bitchin' to some hairy-chested female Senator? And please note I did not identify any one in particular.
JORDAN: Wouldn't dream of it, sir.
C.O.: Then good night.
JORDAN: So I'll get a fair shot?
C.O.: You'll get everything you want, O'Neil. Let's see if you want what you're gonna get.