BURNS: Well -- what is it?
HILDY: What's the difference? I'm going to write that story -- and you know it!
BURNS: Hildy!
HILDY: Don't touch me! I'm not doing it for you!
BURNS: Then why are you doing it?
HILDY: Because I'm a newspaper woman, Heaven help me!
BURNS: The greatest yarn ever written by anybody. My hat's off to you, Hildy!
HILDY: Thanks.
BURNS: And what a way to quit. While you're still champion! That's the way to leave, Hildy!
HILDY: Yeah. Only -- only I'm not leaving, Walter.
BURNS: What do you mean? Bruce'll be waiting for you in Albany.
HILDY: No, he won't. I wired him that I wasn't coming.
BURNS: Where'd you wire him?
HILDY: On the nine o'clock train. That's the one he took, isn't it?
BURNS: Sure.
HILDY: It's awfully clear now. Bruce needs a wife who can give him a home -- and affection -- and peace. I couldn't do that for him, Walter. I'm what you made me -- a cheap reporter who'd give up her soul for a story!... Is that job still open?
BURNS: Both jobs are open, Hildy. The paper -- and being Mrs. Walter Burns.
HILDY: Thanks, Walter, but it's no good. We tried it.
BURNS: Sure, it was good -- it was wonderful! Only you expected it to be like other marriages. It can't be like other marriages -- we're different! We're a different world. Look at what we went through today. I wouldn't trade that for any honeymoon in the world. I bet you wouldn't, either.
HILDY: A fine honeymoon, with a murderer right in the boudoir! And that other honeymoon in a coal mine!
BURNS: That's what makes it romantic. Every other married couple goes away on a honeymoon and for two weeks the bride knows just where the groom is, and vice versa. But us -- you never know where I am and I'm not sure where you are. That's Romance!
HILDY: Well, maybe I'd like to know just once!
BURNS: Hildy, if that's what you want, all right. We'll even go to -- how about Niagara Falls?
HILDY: Niagara Falls! Walter, you don't mean that?
BURNS: Sure I do. And I'll tell you something else -- I'd like a baby.
HILDY: Walter!
BURNS: Sure, I can't last forever. I want a son I can train to take my place on this paper.
HILDY: What would you do if it was a daughter?
BURNS: Well, if she looked like you -- Say! My brains and your looks -- that mightn't be such a bad combination.
HILDY: What's the matter with my brains?
BURNS: What's the good of arguing about something that probably doesn't exist? Look, Hildy, I'm proposing to you. What do you say?
HILDY: Well, I'd like to be lady-like and think it over.
BURNS: I don't want to rush you. Take a couple of seconds.