JACKIE: Who was your girl before Annette?
MAX: Sandra Bullock. You know her?
JACKIE: Yeah, she's the girl who drove the bus in Speed." She's cute."
MAX: She's adorable. But I had to end it.
JACKIE: Why?
MAX: I'm old enough to be her father.
JACKIE: How old's Annette?
MAX: I don't care.
MAX: What're you, a bag lady?
JACKIE: I go back to work tomorrow.
MAX: You talk them into it?
JACKIE: They seem to like the idea.
MAX: Bring the money in and they follow it?
JACKIE: Yea, but I'm going to dress it up. Put the money in a shopping bag and hand it to someone I meet here.
MAX: You don't actually do it that way?
JACKIE: He always just picked it up at my place. But with A.T.F. involved, I want to stage it. You know, make it look more intriguing, like we know what the fuck we're doin'. Then it's up to Ray Nicolet, the A.T.F. guy to follow the shopping bag.
MAX: Make the delivery somewhere in the mall.
JACKIE: Right around here, in the food court.
MAX: Sit down, leave the bag under the table?
MAX: Will Ordell go for that?
JACKIE: I'm helping him bring his money into America. He loves the idea. You just missed him.
MAX: He was here?
JACKIE: Yeah, we were goin' over everything. That's why all the bags.
MAX: I called you last night.
JACKIE: I know, I got your message. Ray wanted to have dinner. He wanted to talk about the sting we're plotting. That's what he calls it. A sting. He's being real nice to me.
MAX: You think he's got a thing for you?
JACKIE: Maybe. But I'm thinking it might be something like he wants the money for himself.
MAX: I don't follow your logic. What does his being nice to you have to do with him wanting Ordell's money?
JACKIE: He's setting me up to make a proposition.
MAX: I see.
JACKIE: You don't propose something like that unless you're pretty sure the other person's into it.
MAX: Has he hinted around?
JACKIE: Not really. But I knew this narcotics cop one time. Told me that in a raid, the whole package never gets back to the station. His exact words.
MAX: You know some interesting people.
JACKIE: He weren't bullshittin' either, 'cause later he was suspended and forced to retire.
MAX: Has Nicolet told you any colorful stories like that?
JACKIE: He tries to act cool.
MAX: No harm in that. He's a young guy havin' fun being a cop. I know the type, trust me on this. He's more interested in Ordell than the money. If he's gonna do anything suspect, it'll be cutting corners to get the conviction; but he wouldn't walk off with the money. It's evidence.
JACKIE: What about you Max?
MAX: What? If I was in Nicolet's place?
JACKIE: No, I mean you, right now. Not it you were somebody else.
MAX: If I saw a way to walk off with a shopping bag full of money, would I take it?
JACKIE: You know where it came from. It's not like it's anybody's life savings. It wouldn't even be missed.
MAX: A half-a-million dollars will always be missed.
JACKIE: You're avoiding the question.
MAX: Okay, sure. I might be tempted. Especially now, since I'm getting out of the bail bonds business.
MAX: I have to stand behind all my active bonds, but I'm not writing any new ones.
JACKIE: Why?
MAX: A lot of reasons. But the main one would be I'm tired of it.
JACKIE: When did you decide?
MAX: It's been a long time coming. I finally made up my mind -- I guess it was Thursday.
MAX: Hi, I'm Max Cherry. Your bail bondsman.
JACKIE: The day you got me out of jail?
MAX: Yeah, that night I went to pick up a guy. I hear he's staying at this house, so I sneak in, wait for him to come home.
JACKIE: Wait a minute. After we were together you went and snuck into a guy's house?
MAX: Uh-huh.