SWANA: Leon, darling, how nice! Have you ordered tea or a cocktail?
LEON: No thanks, Swana.
SWANA: Did I act stupidly last night? Should I apologize?
LEON: I'm the one who should apologize. I should have talked to you before.
SWANA: Is this, by any chance, going to be a confession?
LEON: Yes.
SWANA: Oh, no, my little Volga boatman. Have you forgotten our First Commandment: Never Complain -- Never Explain. It has worked so often and so perfectly, don't let's break the rule. And please don't look so guilty, otherwise I'll...
LEON: This time, Swana -- just this once -- I must ask you to listen.
SWANA: All right, I'll listen.
LEON: I know you hate the obvious but do you mind if, at this moment, I'm not in the least subtle?
SWANA: Brutal frankness, if you insist.
LEON: There are a hundred ways to approach it, but I feel it can best be said in one simple phrase. I'm in love, Swana.
SWANA: And I thought it was something serious! How could you frighten me so?
LEON: It must be serious, Swana. Not long ago I'd have considered such a statement rather juvenile and rather middle class. Now I can say it without stammering, without a blush. I'm in love, Swana.
SWANA: Say it over and over again, Leon. Words are a wonderful safety valve, and that's what you need -- because you know it's impossible, don't you?
LEON: I have to be simple again, Swana, and you may find it shockingly banal. I've thought it over and I'm willing to take all the consequences, even if it means a complete readjustment of my way of living.
SWANA: Leon! This has the ugly sound of regeneration.
LEON: I'm afraid that's what it is.
SWANA: The same old trouble, Leon. You're always late. Whether you're taking me to the Opera or calling for me at a beauty shop, you're never on time. And now, when it's a question of your reform -- late again. By about five minutes.
LEON: What is this, Swana?
SWANA: Knowing the efficiency of the French Air Service I think I can guarantee that Madame Yakushova has already taken off for Moscow.
LEON: Has done what?
SWANA: She's gone, Leon.
LEON: Do you expect me to believe that?