KULOK: Relax. J. Edgar's greatest fear: a female with a badge.
MACKELWAY: The man knew how to dress.
KULOK: Don't even go there. What's up?
MACKELWAY: Setting up. Technically, anyone in a chat room can be traced back to a screen address. But, by using punters, a correspondent literally punts his address around the world, through computers in countries that have no communication treaties. The correspondent becomes ghosted
KULOK: What about the chat rooms themselves?
MACKELWAY: That's the beauty of the system. This is a fugitive chat room. It moves from place to place, chat rooms that are normally empty at certain hours: a gardening website, Chaucer buffs, a dating service. A pre- arranged code shows up in one of fifty porn rooms -- that's where I stumbled across it -- notifying friends" to meet at a certain time
KULOK: That's part of the reason I dropped by. I need to learn this stuff.
MACKELWAY: The other reason?
KULOK: You want to have dinner?
MACKELWAY: Working the net isn't that different from ordinary undercover work. You go into the community, walk their walk, talk their talk, gain their confidence.
KULOK: They're all criminals?
MACKELWAY: No, no, no, most of them -- I used to think all of them -- are just fantasists, guys who get off telling degrading stories. When I came across this fugitive chat room, listened in, I started to think some might actually be real, that they'd gone live. The challenge was to figure out which was which. Then I had my disagreement with Koessler.
KULOK: Gone live?""
MACKELWAY: Chat jargon for moving from fantasy to real victims: I went live last month.""
KULOK: This is some serious shit.
MACKELWAY: Taking a Stryker saw, cutting off the top of someone's cranium, pulling the brain out -- what's that, a day in Spring?
KULOK: You got a point there.
MACKELWAY: People end up in occupations for a reason. They may think not, but they do: occupations define us.
KULOK: I was going to be a physician, I am a physician, but I kept drifting over to criminal psych. This seems to be the best of both. My parents still haven't forgiven me.
MACKELWAY: I was interested in two things: computers and crime. They sort of came together.
KULOK: And one other thing.
MACKELWAY: What's that?
KULOK: Sex.