CLARENCE: Go to the liquor store - Where is there a liquor store around here?
CLIFF: Uh, yeah... there's a party store down 54th.
CLARENCE: Get a six-pack of something imported. It's hard to tell you what to get 'cause different places have different things. If they got Fosters, get that, if not, ask the guy at the thing what the strongest imported beer he has. Look, since you're making a beer run, would you mind too terribly if you did a foot run as well. I'm fuckin' starvin' to death. Are you hungry too?
ALABAMA: I'm pretty hungry. When I went to the store I was gonna get some Ding-Dongs.
CLARENCE: Well, fuck that shit, we'll get some real food. What would taste good. What do you think would taste good?
CLIFF: I'm really not very -
CLARENCE: You know what would taste good? Chicken. I haven't had chicken in a while. Chicken would really hit the spot about now. Chicken and beer, definitly, absolutely, without a doubt. Where's a good chicken place around here?
CLIFF: I really don't know.
CLARENCE: You don't know the chicken places around where you live? Ask the guy at the place where a chicken place is.
CLARENCE: This should cover it, Auggie-Doggie.
ALABAMA: Okee-dokee, Doggie-Daddy.
CLARENCE: Isn't she the sweetest goddamned girl you ever saw in your whole life? Is she a four alarm fire, or what?
CLIFF: She seems very nice.
CLARENCE: Daddy. Nice isn't the word. Nice is an insult. She's a peach. That's the only word for it, she's a peach. She even tastes like a peach. You can tell I'm in love with her. You can tell by my face, can't ya? It's a dead giveaway. It's written all over it. Ya know what? She loves me back. Take a seat, Pop, we gotta talk -
CLIFF: Clarence, just shut up, you're giving me a headache! I can't believe how much like your mother you are. You're your fuckin' mother through and through. I haven't heard from ya in three years. Then ya show up all of a sudden at eight o'clock in the morning. You walk in like a goddamn bulldozer... don't get me wrong, I'm happy to see you... just slow it down. Now, when did you get married?
CLARENCE: Daddy, I'm in big fuckin' trouble and I really need your help.