HAGEN: Mr. Corleone is Johnny's Godfather. That is very close, a very sacred religious relationship.
WOLTZ: Okay, but just tell him this is one favor I can't give. But he should try me again on anything else.
HAGEN: He never asks a second favor when he has been refused the first. Understood?
WOLTZ: You smooth son of a bitch, let me lay it on the line for you, and your boss. Johnny Fontane never gets that movie. I don't care how many Dago, Guinea, wop Greaseball Goombahs come out of the woodwork!
HAGEN: I'm German-Irish.
WOLTZ: Okay my Kraut-Mick friend, Johnny will never get that part because I hate that pinko punk and I'm going to run him out of the Movies. And I'll tell you why. He ruined one of Woltz Brothers' most valuable proteges. For five years I had this girl under training; singing lessons! Acting lessons! Dancing lessons! We spent hundreds of thousands of dollars--I was going to make her a star. I'll be even more frank, just to show you that I'm not a hard-hearted man, that it wasn't all dollars and cents. That girl was beautiful and young and innocent and she was the greatest piece of ass I've ever ad and I've had them all over the world. Then Johnny comes along with that olive oil voice and guinea charm and she runs off. She threw it all away to make me look ridiculous. A MAN IN MY POSITION CANNOT AFFORD TO BE MADE TO LOOK RIDICULOUS!
SOLLOZZO: My business is heroin, I have poppy fields, laboratories in Narseilles and Sicily, ready to go into production. My importing methods are as safe as these things can be, about five per cent loss. The risk is nothing, the profits enormous.
DON CORLEONE: Why do you come to me? Why do I deserve your generosity?
SOLLOZZO: I need two million dollars in cash...more important, I need a friend who has people in high places; a friend who can guarantee that if one of my employees be arrested, they would get only light sentences. Be my friend.
DON CORLEONE: What percentages for my family?
SOLLOZZO: Thirty per cent. In the first year your share would be four million dollars; then it would go up.
DON CORLEONE: And what is the percentage of the Tattaglia family?
SOLLOZZO: My compliments. I'll take care of them from my share.
DON CORLEONE: So. I receive 30 per cent just for finance and legal protection. No worries about operations, is that what you tell me?
SOLLOZZO: If you think two million dollars in cash is just finance, I congratulate you Don Corleone.