FATHER LAWRENCE: Young son, it argues a distemper'd head so soon to bid good marrow to thy bed: or if not so so, then here I hit it right, our Romeo hath not seen his bed tonight.
ROMEO: The last is true; the sweeter rest was mine.
FATHER LAWRENCE: God pardon sin, was thou with Rosaline!?
ROMEO: Rosaline? My ghostly father no; I have forgot that name, and that name's woe.
FATHER LAWRENCE: That's my good son: but where hast thou been
ROMEO: I have been feasting with mine enemy, where on a sudden one hath wounded me, that's by me wounded; both our remeidies within thy help and holy physic lies.
FATHER LAWRENCE: Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift; riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.
ROMEO: Then plainly know my hearts dear love is set, on the fair daughter of rich Capulet. We met, we wooed, we made exchange of vow. I'll tell thee as we pass; but this I pray, that thou consent to marry us today.
FATHER LAWRENCE: Holy Saint Francis, what a change is here! Is Rosaline that thou didst love so dear so soon forsaken? Young men's love then lies not truly in their hearts but in their eyes.
ROMEO: Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosaline.
FATHER LAWRENCE: For doting; not for loving, pupil mine.
ROMEO: I pray thee, chde me not; whom I love now doth grace for grace and love for love allow; the other did not so.
FATHER LAWRENCE: O, she new well. Thy love read by rote and could not spell. Come, young waverer, come, go with me, In one respect I'll thy assistant be; for this alliance may so happy prove, to turn you household rachor to pure love.
ROMEO: O, let us hence; I stand on sudden haste.
FATHER LAWRENCE: Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
MERCUTIO: Where the devil should this Romeo be? Came he not home to-night?
BENVOLIO: Not to his father's; I spoke with his man.
MERCUTIO: Why that pale hard-hearted wench, that Rosaline. Torments him so, that he will sure run mad.
BENVOLIO: Tybalt, the kinsman of old Capulet, Hath sent a letter to his father's house.
MERCUTIO: A challenge, on my life.
BENVOLIO: Romeo will answer it?
MERCUTIO: Any man that can write may answer a letter.
BENVOLIO: Nay, he will answer the letter's master, how he dares, being dared.
MERCUTIO: But alas poor Romeo! he is already dead; stabbed with a white wench's black eye; shot through the ear with a love-song; the very pin of his heart cleft with the blind bow-boy's butt-shaft: and is he a man to encounter Tybalt?
BENVOLIO: Why, what is Tybalt?
MERCUTIO: More than prince of cats. He is the courageous captain of compliments. He fights as you sing prick- song, keeps time, distance, and proportion; he rests his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom: the very butcher of a silk button, a duellist, a duellist; a gentleman of the very first house, of the first and second cause: the immortal passado! punto reverso! the hai!
BENVOLIO: The what?