LANE: Selina, are you okay?
BROCK: Yes, did you call us here for any particular reason?
SELINA: Tonight, somewhere in the city, innocent people will die--but then one of you knows that; for one of you is a vicious pirate-terrorist posing as the beloved superhero Captain God.
BROCK: What did you say? Selina, sit down, the entire city is going crazy...You have to just calm down...
LANE: Hey, architect--she's joking. Right, Selina? Selina?
SELINA: I'm not through. This will come as a shock. Again, to one of you. I am Catwoman. The Catwoman.
SELINA: Hmm. Not bad.
BROCK: You're telling the truth. I can tell..How did this..
LANE: Some reporter I am..all this time my story is right there in front..I have a lot of questions.
SELINA: Fine, fine, at a later date, I'll be more than happy to talk about my perverse psychological complexities with the one who's not the creep. But for now, I'm drilling inside your brains...I bring up the whole Catwoman thing for one reason. I bit Captain God in the hand and the next day you both show up equipped with big bandaids and wobbly excuses-- My grandfather is inventing a new kind of blender..""
BROCK: You're kidding.
LANE: But it's true! You can call him yourself.
SELINA: Lose the smile, Mr. Good Reflexes. We were having a pretty okay time the other night--good food, good conversation--some Catwomen show up and it's You need cab fare?; I got to go to my Hideout--Oh
LANE: Not too cool...
SELINA: Then there's you, Louis, sneaking through back alleys and surprise visiting me at my home..Both of you have been way too frisky from the get- go. I'm actually a pretty amazing person--funny, smart, attractive when I get my sleep--but you two had no way of knowing that-- when I met you both I was basically a morose, depressed amnesiac incapable of any human feeling. The only reason one of you wanted to go out with me is because you knew I was Catwoman.
BROCK: You're right, I wasn't looking to fall in love with a casino worker. I'd given up trying to find anyone. But there was a fire in your eyes that cut right through the air conditioning and through the coldness of my heart.
LANE: Your uniform, that first time I saw you, was a ghastly cage I vowed to unlock in order to..