MOTHER: I'd say about three months. Are you satisfied?
DADDY: I am poleaxed and in a non compos mentis condition. I wash my hands or the whole thing.
DOLL: What's goin' on?
BUDDY: Rose says she's goin' to have a baby and she sure looks it, but I don't think so.
DOLL: A baby... and she isn't even married.
BUDDY: That's the least of her troubles. Rose had a rare tropic disease and the little tubes in her that babies swim down are all stopped up, she told me all about it.
DOLL: If it isn't a baby... what is it?
ROSE: Oh, Buddy, they're gonna cut me all up! They're gonna cut my stummick all open, I'll die!
BUDDY: You won't die, Rose.
ROSE: Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared!
DR. MARTINSON: I'm not surprised you thought she was pregnant. An ovarian cyst can look very much like pregnancy. But it was pure wishful thinking on her part. The girl can never have children, she had gonorrhea at fifteen and it was untreated.
MOTHER: Gonorrhea?
DR. MARTINSON: Don't worry, Madam, she can't infect your dear little kiddies. She long ago fully recovered, but the disease did irreparable damage. The girl is permanently barren.
MOTHER: Well, that's pathetic. Poor Rose, what a life she has had.
DR. MARTINSON: We make our own lives, Madam. As for malignancy, I don't think so, it's very unlikely. I probably shouldn't have even mentioned that possibility to her.
MOTHER: No, you shouldn't have, it was needlessly cruel. She thinks she has cancer and is going to die.
DR. MARTINSON: She's an adult, Mrs. Hillyer, I was merely giving her the facts.
DADDY: Well, it's a disaster. I don't know what to say, Doctor, I am floored. How dangerous is the operation?
DR. MARTINSON: Any major operation is dangerous. However, as we know from her previous illness, she's a very strong girl.
DADDY: Well, if it isn't malignant and she can get through the operation all right, it might be better than her really being pregnant. She doesn't even know who the father might have been.
DR. MARTINSON: Oh, it's definitely better, beyond question. A fatherless child, an ignorant girl with no job, no money, no home. It's fortunate, a blessing really, and a stroke of good luck for another reason I want to mention to you.
MOTHER: This conversation is making me a little sick.
DADDY: Honey, that's no way to talk to the Doctor, he's merely doing his job, dear.
BUDDY: I gotta find out what they're saying. You lie back and rest, Rose, and I'll give you a report on it.
ROSE: I don't want to know...
DR. MARTINSON: I'm sorry the truth nauseates you, Mrs. Hillyer, because before you leave there's a bit more of it I'd like to put to you. This operation provides a therapeutic opportunity that I feel is quite important in regard to this particular girl, who suffers not only from an ovarian cyst but from a certain psychoneurotic condition as well.
MOTHER: What do you mean, what kind of gobbledygook talk is that?
DADDY: Go ahead, Doctor, I think I am following you.
DR. MARTINSON: First, about the girl's history. Evidently she's been very promiscuous since early childhood, she has no control over her sexual impulses. Furthermore, she is permanently barren, she can't have children.
DADDY: Go on, Doctor.
MOTHER: Yes, go on.
DR. MARTINSON: I am thinking particularly of the other ovary. As a rule I don't believe in removing it. The woman's hormonal system is profoundly disturbed, she is subject to possibly serious depression, she loses many of her secondary sexual characteristics for example, her breasts might shrink and become flabby, facial hair might appear along with a coarsening of the features, and of course her sexual drive is greatly diminished, especially in a girl or young woman. For these reasons I am opposed to removing the other ovary, as a rule. Do you follow me?
DADDY: I am ahead of you.
DR. MARTINSON: Then... may I speak quite frankly with you, Mr. Hillyer?
DADDY: Please do.
DR. MARTINSON: I have of course observed the girl in treating her.
DADDY: Of course.
DR. MARTINSON: I think we both know her.
DADDY: Yes, we know her.
MOTHER: What are you talking about? I don't understand all this mumbo jumbo and the funny looks on your faces.
DR. MARTINSON: Mrs. Hillyer, this girl is sick in more ways than one. She is an extreme psychoneurotic with uncontrollable sexual impulses. It would be a mercy to spare her the suffering she causes herself and others. Therefore I recommend as a therapeutic measure the removal of her second ovary. It is ethically and medically the only proper decision in this case and I suspect your husband agrees with me.
DADDY: Reluctantly, I do. It would be a blessing to her and everyone else. The girl is oversexed and I say -- spay her!
MOTHER: Over... my... dead... body!
MOTHER: Are you human beings or are you some kind of male monsters? Is there no limit to which you won't go to keep your illusions about yourselves?
DR. MARTINSON: Illusions, Madam?
MOTHER: You'd go so far as to mutilate a helpless girl who has no means to defend herself, you'd go that far? Don't you think I know what you've just said and don't you think I understand the dreadful and revolting crime you've just conspired to commit?
MOTHER: I thought I knew you. I thought I knew you better, I thought in your heart you were a good and kind man. Well, I can't believe what I've just heard in this room. A defenseless girl depending on you for protection, and you propose to mutilate and destroy her. How could you listen even for a moment to that sadistic man?
DADDY: Well, now, darlin'... give me a chance to defend myself.
MOTHER: I can't believe you really meant it, if I did I'd want to die. You aren't a male monster, that man is but you aren't. Look me in the eye and tell me, do you really want to take Rose's womanhood away from her when it's all she has got?
DADDY: Well, I... I hadn't thought about it that much. I was thinking... well, it's an idea, the girl is oversexed, and...
MOTHER: Rose isn't oversexed, that's ridiculous. If you're going to talk nonsense, I don't want to talk to you at all. Rose is exactly the same as the rest of us, except more so.
DADDY: Well, I know, more so. That's why I was thinking... maybe she'd be better off.
MOTHER: Better off? How could she ever find love and happiness, if you did what you're talking about? Are you insane?