ADELE: He didn't hurt you or anything, did he?
KAREN: You mean, did he try to jump me? No, but he was kind of talkative.
ADELE: He gets that way when he's nervous sometimes.
KAREN: You didn't visit him in prison.
ADELE: He didn't want me to.
KAREN: Why not?
ADELE: I don't know. He was different after he was sentenced, looking at thirty years. Said it depressed him every time the younger cons called him an old timer.
KAREN: But you spoke to him on the phone.
ADELE: He'd call every once in a while.
KAREN: He called the day he escaped.
ADELE: He did? I don't remember. Did he say about me? In the trunk?
KAREN: He said he wished the two of you could start over, live a normal life.
ADELE: Huh. Problem is, Jack's idea of a normal life is robbing banks. It's all he's ever done.
KAREN: Did you know that when you married him?
ADELE: He said he was a card player. I could live with that. I never knew he robbed banks till he got busted with that car that caught fire -- if you can imagine something like that happening, comes out of the bank and the car's on fire. I did go see him in jail to tell him I was filing for divorce. He said, Okay." Jack's so easy going. He was fun
ADELE: I'll say one thing for Jack, he was never ugly or mean, or drank too much. He was very considerate, lights on or off, if you know what I mean.
KAREN: Really. Hm.
KAREN: Adele, sooner or later, he's gonna get caught. I'd like to get him before he does something else, makes it worse on himself.
ADELE: Buddy'll take care of him. Keep him out've trouble. He's Jack's conscience. Always has been. He tell you how they met?
ADELE: Jack came out of a bank he just robbed in Pasadena, couldn't get his stolen car to start. Battery was dead. He looks over, sees Buddy sitting in a burgundy Bonneville, goes up, offers him a thousand dollars for a jump. Turns out, Buddy was casing the same bank and saw the whole thing. Buddy says, I'll take the thousand, but we're leaving in my car, not that piece of shit you come in. They musta robbed fifty banks together.
KAREN: Till they got busted.
ADELE: That wasn't Jack's fault. No, that was on account of Buddy, for some reason, decided to call his sister and confess to a job <u>before</u> they'd done it instead of after. She called the FBI and they both went down, ended up at Lompoc. I think Buddy felt kinda bad about that.
KAREN: Any idea where I could find Buddy? Or Glenn?
CHINO'S VOICE: Adele? You in there?
ADELE: Yes.
CHINO: I want to speak with you, please.
ADELE: Who is it?
CHINO'S VOICE: I talk to the guy you work for, Emil. He tole me your number and where you live. See, I'm looking for an assistant and would like to speak to you.
ADELE: Oh. Uh-huh.
CHINO'S VOICE: You did work for Emil, right?
ADELE: Yeah, I was Emil's box-jumper for almost four years.
CHINO'S VOICE: You were his what, his box?
ADELE: His assistant.
ADELE: You say you perform in the Miami area?
CHINO'S VOICE: Yes, around here. I was a mayishan in Cuba before I come here. Manuel the Mayishan was my name.