TALLEYRAND: Article 46, calls for the virtual dismemberment of Prussia, reducing her population by half and her army to a token force.
NAPOLEON: Does she deserve anything better?
TALLEYRAND: Those are extremely harsh terms.
NAPOLEON: I did not ask her to go to war against me.
TALLEYRAND: Has Alexander agreed to this?
NAPOLEON: Yes, he has.
TALLEYRAND: Now, the section headed Secret Clauses of the Treaty" -- Article 14b
NAPOLEON: That is correct.
TALLEYRAND: Do you think Alexander has any chance to succeed as a mediator?
NAPOLEON: I very seriously doubt it. I don't think there is any possibility of making peace with England so long as she sees herself safe from invasion. That is why we must increase the pressure on her economy. With Russia in the Continental Blockade, England must collapse. More than 40% of her trade is with the Continent and Russia.
TALLEYRAND: England can make no move against you on the Continent without Austria. A reliable treaty with Austria would end her hopes in that regard.
NAPOLEON: We have a treaty with Austria.
TALLEYRAND: Not one I should like to rely on. Francis is still smarting under the terms he had to accept after Austerlitz, and he is under great pressure to recover his losses.
NAPOLEON: My dear Talleyrand, none of the Kings of Europe bear any friendship for France. It is easy for you to talk of reliable treaties. The only treaties you have been able to negotiate are the ones I have won on the battlefield.
TALLEYRAND: What I am talking about is moderation.
NAPOLEON: What you are talking about is a gamble on moderation -- when I gamble, I prefer to gamble on force.
TALLEYRAND: And where do you place Alexander?
NAPOLEON: Alexander and I are friends. We have reached an understanding.
TALLEYRAND: I hope that understanding is worth as much as you think it is, sire. My impression of Alexander is that he is moody and impressionable, capable of acting on sudden impulses which then lead to sudden embarrassments. He is an unpredictable mixture of idealism and vanity. You have dazzled him, and you have performed a diplomatic miracle, but Alexander is weak and he is easily influenced by the last one who has his ear.
NAPOLEON: That is a matter of opinion.
TALLEYRAND: Sire, you have only enemies in the court of St. Petersburg, and I fear outside your influence, Alexander will have another look at what he has agreed to.
NAPOLEON: He will stand by his agreement -- I know him better than you do.