AUGGIE: They don't come cheap, son. These little honeys are works of art. Rolled by hand in a tropical climate, most likely by an eighteen year old girl in a thin cotton dress with no underwear on. Little beads of sweat forming in her naked cleavage. The smooth, delicate fingers nimbly turning out one masterpiece after another...
YOUNG MAN: And how much are these?
AUGGIE: Seventy-eight dollars. The girl who rolled these was probably wearing panties.
YOUNG MAN: And these?
AUGGIE: Fifty-six. That girl had on a corset.
YOUNG MAN: And these?
AUGGIE: Forty-four. They're on special this week from the Canary Islands. A real bargain.
YOUNG MAN: I think I'll take them.
AUGGIE: A good choice. You wouldn't want to celebrate the birth of your firstborn with a box of stinkers, would you? Remember to keep them in the refrigerator until you hand them out.
YOUNG MAN: The refrigerator?
AUGGIE: It'll keep them fresh. If they get too dry, they'll break. And you don't want that to happen, do you? Tobacco is a plant, and it needs the same loving care you'd give an orchid.
YOUNG MAN: Thanks for the tip.
AUGGIE: Any time. And congratulations to you and your wife. Just remember, though, in the immortal words of Rudyard Kipling: A woman is just a woman
YOUNG MAN: What does that mean?
AUGGIE: Damned if I know. But it has a nice ring to it, don't it?
PAUL: Hey, Auggie. How's it going?
AUGGIE: Hey, man. Good to see you. What'll it be today?
PAUL: Two tins of Schimmelpennincks. And throw in a lighter while you're at it.
AUGGIE: The boys and I were just having a philosophical discussion about women and cigars. Some interesting connections there, don't you think?
PAUL: Definitely. I suppose it all goes back to Queen Elizabeth.
AUGGIE: The Queen of England?
PAUL: Not Elizabeth the Second, Elizabeth the First. Did you ever hear of Sir Walter Raleigh?
TOMMY: Sure. He's the guy who threw his cloak down over the puddle.
JERRY: I used to smoke Raleigh cigarettes. They came with a free gift coupon in every pack.