BARNES: So how do we get it open?
HARRY: Ted seems to have some ideas.
NORMAN: Maybe we shouldn't.
BARNES: What?
NORMAN: If it is alien, maybe we shouldn't try to open it at all.
HARRY: Man is man, all he knows is man, and all he can think of is what he knows. The anthropomorphic problem. Good, Norman.
BARNES: The what?
NORMAN: I mentioned it in my report. Didn't you read the report?
HARRY: Everything ever written about extra- terrestial life imagines that life is essentially human. If it doesn't look human, it's a reptile or a big insect or something, having human values, human understanding.
BARNES: So? What's the problem?
HARRY: It's nonsense. There's enough difference between our own species to prove that.
BETH: Take politics, our views on abortion, the death penalty...
HARRY: Cannibalism, to be extreme. And now we're talking about a new life form. Their values and ethics may be incomprehensible.
BARNES: Like Thou shall not kill"?"
NORMAN: Or maybe, it can't <u>be</u> killed.
BARNES: You mean, what's in that thing is immortal?
NORMAN: I don't know. That's the point.
BARNES: Everything can be killed.
BETH: Not everything. Even on earth. Take ... yeasts.
BARNES: Yeasts? Thank you, Beth, but I don't think we're gonna open it up and find a loaf of bread.
HARRY: And we're just talking about three- dimensional creatures. What if it's five or six or seven-dimensional? So dimensional that we couldn't even see it to kill it.
NORMAN: Good point. I don't know what you're talking about, but good point.
BARNES: Or it could contain some great benefit to us, some astonishing new idea or technology to help mankind.
HARRY: It could. But the odds of it being any use to us are against it.
BARNES: You don't know that.
HARRY: Let's say whoever made this thing is a thousand years ahead of us, just like we are to, say, medieval Europe. Suppose you went back to medieval Europe with a TV set. There wouldn't be any place to plug it in.
BARNES: Just tell me worst case. Worst case of what we might find?
BETH: It could breathe in air and exhale cyanide gas.
NORMAN: Disrupt our brain waves, interfere with our ability to think.