LEON: Good evening, Gaston.
GASTON: Good evening, Monsieur.
NINOTCHKA: Is this what you call the butler"?"
LEON: Yes.
NINOTCHKA: Good evening, comrade. This man is horribly old. You should not make him work.
LEON: He takes good care of that.
NINOTCHKA: He looks sad. Do you whip him?
LEON: No, though the mere thought makes my mouth water.
NINOTCHKA: The day will come when you will be free. Go to bed, little father. We want to be alone.
GASTON: Count d'Algout, there have been several telephone...
LEON: Go to bed.
LEON: Well, may I offer you a drink, or how about something to eat?
NINOTCHKA: Thank you. I've had all the calories necessary for today.
NINOTCHKA: What do we do now?
LEON: We take off our hat and coat. We sit down -- we make ourselves comfortable. We adjust ourselves to the prospect of a most enjoyable evening. We look at each other. We smile. Well... we don't smile. How about some music?
NINOTCHKA: Is that customary?
LEON: It helps. It has ever since King David wooed Bathsheba with the harp. As I am not so fortunate as to have my harp at hand, I shall turn on the radio.
NINOTCHKA: I should say this room is eighteen by twenty-five.
LEON: Not too big and not too small. What I'd call the typical room of an average man. Or shall we say a little above average. Now if there are any special aspects you wish to study I have nothing to conceal. Just look around. That's my desk. Those are my books, and here am I. Where shall we begin?
NINOTCHKA: I will start with you.
LEON: That's great. I'm thirty-five years old. Just over six feet tall. I weigh a hundred and eighty-two pounds stripped.
NINOTCHKA: And what is your profession?
LEON: Keeping my body fit, keeping my mind alert, keeping my landlord appeased. That's a full-time job.
NINOTCHKA: And what do you do for mankind?
LEON: For mankind not a thing -- for womankind the record is not quite so bleak.
NINOTCHKA: You are something we do not have in Russia.
LEON: Thank you. Thank you.
NINOTCHKA: That is why I believe in the future of my country.
LEON: I begin to believe in it myself since I've met you. I still don't know what to make of it. It confuses me, it frightens me a little, but it fascinates me, Ninotchka.
NINOTCHKA: You pronounce it incorrectly. Ni- notchka.
LEON: Ni-notchka.
NINOTCHKA: That is correct.
LEON: Ninotchka, do you like me just a little bit?
NINOTCHKA: Your general appearance is not distasteful.
LEON: Thank you.
NINOTCHKA: Look at me. The whites of your eyes are clear. Your cornea is excellent.
LEON: Your cornea is terrific. Tell me -- you're so expert on things -- can it be that I'm falling in love with you?
NINOTCHKA: You are bringing in wrong values. Love is a romantic designation for a most ordinary biological, or shall we say chemical, process. A lot of nonsense is talked and written about it.
LEON: Oh, I see. What do you use instead?
NINOTCHKA: I acknowledge the existence of a natural impulse common to all.
LEON: What can I possibly do to encourage such an impulse in you?
NINOTCHKA: You don't have to do a thing. Chemically we are already quite sympathetic.
LEON: You're the most improbable creature I've ever met in my life, Ninotchka, Ninotchka...
NINOTCHKA: You repeat yourself.
LEON: I'd like to say it a thousand times.
NINOTCHKA: Don't do it, please.
LEON: I'm at a loss, Ninotchka. You must forgive me if I appear a little old- fashioned. After all, I'm just a poor bourgeois.
NINOTCHKA: It's never too late to change. I used to belong to the petty bourgeoisie myself. My father and mother wanted me to stay and work on the farm, but I preferred the bayonet.
LEON: The bayonet? Did you really?
NINOTCHKA: I was wounded before Warsaw.
LEON: Wounded? How?
NINOTCHKA: I was a sergeant in the Third Cavalry Brigade. Would you like to see my wound?
LEON: I'd love to. Tsk, tsk, tsk.
NINOTCHKA: A Polish lancer. I was sixteen.
LEON: Poor Ninotchka. Poor, poor Ninotchka.
NINOTCHKA: Don't pity me. Pity the Polish lancer. After all, I'm alive.
LEON: What kind of a girl are you, anyway?
NINOTCHKA: Just what you see. A tiny cog in the great wheel of evolution.
LEON: You're the most adorable cog I ever saw in my life. Ninotchka, Cogitska, let me confess something. Never did I dream I could feel like this toward a sergeant.
LEON: Do you hear that?
NINOTCHKA: It's twelve o'clock.
LEON: It's midnight. One half of Paris is making love to the other half. Look at the clock. One hand has met the other hand. They kiss. Isn't that wonderful?
NINOTCHKA: That's the way a clock works. There's nothing wonderful about it. You merely feel you must put yourself in a romantic mood to add to your exhilaration.
LEON: I can't possibly think of a better reason.
NINOTCHKA: It's false sentimentality.
LEON: You analyze everything out of existence. You analyze me out of existence. I won't let you. Love is not so simple. Ninotchka, Ninotchka, why do doves bill and coo? Why do snails, coldest of all creatures, circle interminably around each other? Why do moths fly hundreds of miles to find their mates? Why do flowers open their petals? Oh, Ninotchka, Ninotchka, surely you feel some slight symptom of the divine passion... a general warmth in the palms of your hands... a strange heaviness in your limbs... a burning of the lips that is not thirst but a thousand times more tantalizing, more exalting, than thirst?