BILL: All right then, I'll see y'all later. Karl you done a good day's work. They right about you. Scooter, he's gonna knock you out of a job if you're not careful. I'll see you tomorrow.
SCOOTER: Wait up, I'll leave with you and lock up.
BILL: Karl, they's a blanket up in under that cot and soap in the bathroom to clean up with. Now there's one more thing. The way we lock these doors at night, you can't get out. You didn't want to go anywhere, did you?
KARL: I don't reckon.
BILL: If it works out and all, maybe we'll get you a key so you can get out at night if you need to. See you later.
BILL: Scooter, did I tell about the two old boys pissin' off the bridge?
SCOOTER: I can't remember.
BILL: There was these two old boys hung their peckers off of a bridge to piss, one old boy from California and one old boy from Arkansas. Old boy from California says, Boy this water's cold." Old boy from Arkansas says "Yeah
SCOOTER: Yeah, that's a goodun. I believe you did tell me that one before. I've heard that a bunch. Long time ago.
BILL: Well, yeah it's a classic. You know, Karl, I got to thinkin' about it last night and it's just not Christian of me to not let you have a key. I mean you been in lockup so long, you don't need me keepin' you locked up. You need to come and go as you please. Here, take this key, it'll get you in and out that back door. Them french fries good?
KARL: Yeah, they's good all right.
BILL: You got any money?
KARL: They give me fifty dollars when they turned me loose. I spent up some of it on ridin' the bus and eatin' french-fried potaters.
BILL: Well, I'm gonna pay you today for this comin' week, so you'll have some walkin' around money. When you get off this evenin' you better go buy some toothpaste and cleanin' up supplies to have back there. Some hard candy and some magazines. Somethin' to keep you busy at night.
KARL: All right then.
BILL: I'll let you off while it's still daylight.
FRANK: Hey there. I thought I heard somebody on the porch. Wasn't your name Karl?
KARL: Yeah it is. Your name's Frank.
FRANK: Yeah. What you doin' by here?
KARL: You told me to come by.
FRANK: Did you want to play ball with us?
KARL: I ain't no good at it. I just come by.
FRANK: Well, anyhow, I was just fixin' to go see my mama down at Ben's Dollar Store. She's workin' two till eight.
KARL: All right then.
FRANK: Wait a minute. You want to go with me? You can meet my mama.
KARL: I don't want to worry your mama with company.
FRANK: Aw, come on. You'll like her. She's real nice. She'll give us somethin' if we ask her to. Candy or somethin'.
KARL: I was kindly needin' to do some tradin'. Reckon they sell toothpaste?
FRANK: They sell some of everything. Come on let's go. I won't tell her about you bein' in the state hospital for killin'.
FRANK: Hey, Mama. Hey, Vaughan.
LINDA: Hey, sweetheart. What you up to?