JEREMY: It's terribly good.
EDWARD: Don't tell me you've actually read it, Jeremy.
JEREMY: Committed to memory. Forever.
EDWARD: I see.
JAMES: Blasé and epicene.
JEREMY: We were just chortling over that. Blasé and epicene. It perfectly describes the new Foreign Secretary. So--I hope you don't mind, Edward, I pinched it for my piece today.
EDWARD: Attributed?
JEREMY: Of course.
EDWARD: Why, is there a new Foreign Secretary? Who was the old one anyway?
JEREMY: It needn't concern you, Edward. James has got some news. He needs a poet's advice.
JAMES: C'mon. I don't want any Jones about this.
JEREMY: No jokes. James is in love.
EDWARD: Congratulations. Who with?
JEREMY: A glamorous young lady way above his station...
JAMES: Bastard.
JEREMY: Name so Susie Barrington. Daughter of the eminent historian, Anne Barrington, step-daughter of the scandalous Matthew Byrd the acclaimed sack-artist...
SUSAN: Mummy and I, we were more like lovers, really, or sisters. Then a couple of years after Daddy died, and not long after I left Oxford, she started seeing various men and I was furious. I really was upset. I stopped going home. I never phoned. I went round telling everyone how awful her books were. And she hardly seemed to notice, and that made me angrier. Then I got a job I was interested in, and I started to see lots of men, and I suppose I grew up a little and began to understand. So I wrote her a long letter, almost seven pages, saying how sorry I was, and how I was worried that we were drifting apart. And do you know, she wrote me a poem, a really beautiful poem about mothers and daughters.
JAMES: How nice.
SUSAN: It makes me weepy just to remember it. So we were fine again, and then she got married to Matthew who's a womaniser and a bit of a yob, but quite nice really, makes TV commercials. What about yours.
JAMES: Both dead.
SUSAN: That must be rather nice, in a way. I mean, you don't have any--
SUSAN: Damn. They're early.
JAMES: Who?
SUSAN: I called you a taxi.
JAMES: Very thoughtful.
SUSAN: Well, you know...
JAMES: Again?
SUSAN: Yes, if you like. Call me at work.
JEREMY: To the Fleet.
JAMES: To the Fleet.
JEREMY: And the Argies.
JAMES: The Argies.
JEREMY: Now, top secret file.
JAMES: Come on. Hand over.
JEREMY: Uh-huh. Tell me what you think of this first.
JAMES: It's shit.
JEREMY: You approve!
JAMES: Let me see.
JEREMY: Get way. You'll see when I'm ready. First I want you to reflect on my noble behaviour, on how your interests are closest to my heart, how I lay awake at night worrying--
JAMES: Jeremy, just let me see what you've got.
JEREMY: You're so hard. All right then. I was chatting to some people from the diary page, and the name of Barrington came up. I expressed an interest...
JAMES: Oh yes.
JEREMY: ...an innocent interest, and found out that last year Vogue ran a series called 'Mothers and Daughters' Number seven, Anne and Susan Barrington. Being a decent loving friend I went to the files and made a copy for you.
JAMES: Let me see.
JEREMY: Ah, ah. There's more. The piece celebrates the undying affection between eminent left-wing historian and he dazzling daughter. Then the news editor, who happened to be in the room, said that years ago, when he worked on The Guardian, Anne Barrington had written a very good piece on...guess...Suez. It was 1966, the tenth anniversary.
JEREMY: She's never written a book in it, but she clearly knew a lot.
JAMES: Mmm...
JEREMY: It's obvious what you have to do. Your way into the daughter's pants is through the mother, up the Suez canal...
JAMES: You're so gross.
JEREMY: She's very nice, apparently. Lives in Norfolk. And very left-wing. You'll have to watch yourself there.
JAMES: Ha ha...
JEREMY: According to this, the daughter goes up to stay quiet often. You'll need to get yourself invited for the right weekend.
JAMES: You've really got it all worked out, haven't you?
JEREMY: No need to thank me, if you don't want to. Just pay for these drinks.