JACKIE: How'd you find out?
MAX: All Winston had to do was ask around. Ordell's living in Long Beach with a woman junkie.
JACKIE: How does Winston find him if A.T.F. and all the local Police can't?
MAX: People talk to Winston. He's street, same as them, they trust him. They get busted, they know somebody who can bond them out. I thought I might drop in on him. He'll no doubt be surprised to see me.
JACKIE: He's liable to shoot you.
MAX: On the phone I told him I have the ten thousand he put up for your bond. I could bring the money and the papers for him to sign. Walk out and call the Sheriff's department.
JACKIE: Ray wants him.
MAX: Everybody wants him, he's a homicide suspect. It doesn't matter who brings him in, he's gonna name you as an accessory.
JACKIE: That's why A.T.F.'s gotta make the case. I'm their witness. They wouldn't have a case without me. If it's his word against mine, who are they gonna believe?
MAX: It's not that simple.
JACKIE: It never was, so I'm not gonna start worrying about it now. Look, Ray more or less believes my story, and he more or less doesn't care. All he really gives a shit about is getting Ordell.
MAX: So how do we give Ordell to Nicolet?
JACKIE: Get Ordell to come to your office.
MAX: Set him up.
JACKIE: Uh-huh.
MAX: Tell him you want to see him?
JACKIE: Tell him I want to give him his money.
MAX: Why?
JACKIE: I've chickened out. I'm afraid of him. He'll like that.
MAX: What do you tell Nicolet?
JACKIE: Ordell called and wants to meet me and I'm scared.
MAX: We get Ordell to come to my office. Nicolet -- is he already there, or does he come busting in while we're chatting?
JACKIE: He's already there.
MAX: What if he hears something he's not supposed to?
JACKIE: Well, we don't let that happen, now do we?
ORDELL: What the fuck you doin' knockin on the door like the goddamn police? You lookin' to get shot?
MAX: I thought you might be asleep.
ORDELL: You keep fuckin' with me, you're gonna be asleep forever.
MAX: I'm alone.
ORDELL: Git your ass in here.