BARBARA: The Historical Society wanted this and I never would give it to them --
ANNIE: Granny's dress. Oh, Mom.
BARBARA: I notice these things are back in fashion. Oh, honey. He's a lovely man, Annie.
ANNIE: I know. He's wonderful, isn't he?
BARBARA: Are his folks nice?
ANNIE: You'll love them. We're going down to D.C. tonight to be with them Christmas morning.
BARBARA: How did it happen?
ANNIE: It's silly, really. I mean, I'd seen him at the office, obviously I'd seen him, he's the associate publisher, and then one day we both ordered sandwiches from the same place, and he got my lettuce and tomato sandwich on whole wheat, which of course he was allergic to, and I got his lettuce and tomato on white.
BARBARA: How amazing.
ANNIE: It is, isn't it? You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day you decide to order takeout and it changes your life.
BARBARA: Destiny takes a hand.
ANNIE: Oh, please. Destiny's just something we've invented because we can't stand the fact that everything that happens is accidental.
BARBARA: Then how do you explain that you both ordered exactly the same sandwich except for the bread? How many people in this world like lettuce and tomato without something else like tuna?
ANNIE: It wasn't a sign. It was a coincidence.
BARBARA: I was in Atlantic City with my family. Cliff was a waiter. He talked me into sneaking out for a midnight walk on the Steel Pier. I've probably told you this a million times, but I don't care. And then he held my hand. I was scared. All sorts of thing were going through my head. But after a while I forgot about them. At one point I looked down, at our hands, and I couldn't tell which fingers were mine and which were his. And I knew.
ANNIE: What?
BARBARA: You know.
ANNIE: What?
BARBARA: Magic. It was magic.
ANNIE: Magic.
BARBARA: I knew we would be together forever, and that everything would be wonderful, just the way you feel about Walter. Walter. It's quite a formal name, isn't it? One of the things I truly knew was that your father and I were going to have a wonderful time ... in the sack I believe you call it --
ANNIE: Mom!
BARBARA: Of course it took several years before everything worked like clockwork in that department, so don't be worried if it takes a while --
ANNIE: Mom, we already...
BARBARA: Well, fine, fine. Fiddle da dee. And how's it working?
ANNIE: Like... clockwork.
BARBARA: So you'll get married in a new dress.
ANNIE: It's a sign.
BARBARA: You don't believe in signs.
ANNIE: They loved you. I told you they would love you and they did.
WALTER: I love you.
ANNIE: I love you, Walter. Did anyone ever call you anything other than Walter?
WALTER: Nope.
ANNIE: Even when you were young?
WALTER: Nope. Not even when I was young.
WALTER: You sure you don't want to drive with me?
ANNIE: How will I get back to Baltimore Saturday? Oh God, I forgot my present for your stepmother -- I took it inside by accident.
WALTER: I'll wait.
ANNIE: Don't be silly. I'll just be ten minutes behind you.