ELLIE: Don't tell me you did it on my account! hope you're not getting any idea that what happened last night is— You needn't concern yourself about me, young man. I can take care of myself.
PETER: You're doing a pretty sloppy job of it. Here's your ticket.
ELLIE: My ticket?
PETER: I found it on the seat.
ELLIE: Oh, thank you. Must have fallen out of my pocket.
PETER: You'll never get away with it, Miss Andrews.
ELLIE: What are you talking about?
PETER: Just a spoiled brat of a rich man. You and Westley'll make an ideal team.
ELLIE: Will you please tell me what you're raving about!
PETER: You'll never get away with it, Miss Andrews. Your father'll stop you before you get half way to New York.
ELLIE: You must have me confused with—
PETER: Quit kidding! It's all over the front pages, You know, I've always been curious about the kind of a girl that would marry King Westley.
PETER: Take my advice—grab the first bus back to Miami. That guy's a phony.
ELLIE: I didn't ask for your advice.
PETER: That's right. You didn't.
ELLIE: You're not going to notify my father, are you?
PETER: What for?
ELLIE: If you play your cards right, you might get some money out of it.
PETER: I never thought of that.
ELLIE: Listen, if you'll promise not to do it, I'll pay you. I'll pay you as much as he will. You won't gain anything by giving me away as long as I'm willing to make it worth your while. I've got to get to New York without being stopped. It's terribly important to me. I'd pay now, only the only thing I had when I jumped off the yacht was my wrist watch and I had to pawn that to get these clothes. I'll give you my address and you can get in touch with me the minute you get to New York.
PETER: Never mind. You know I had you pegged right from the start, you're the spoiled brat of a rich father. The only way you can get anything is to buy it. Now you're in a jam and all you can think of is your money. It never fails, does it? Ever hear of the word Humility"? No
PETER: You send telegrams here?
OPERATOR: I'm just fine thanks, and how are you? To Joe Gordon
PETER: Go on. Go on send the telegram.
OPERATOR: How would you like to have the story
PETER: Mush. Mush.
OPERATOR: Tub of mush. Well try and get it. What I said about never writing another line for you still goes. Are you burning? Peter Warne." Well
PETER: Send it collect.
OPERATOR: Collect?
PETER: Collect.