CHUCK: You what?
STAN: It was fifteen minutes late.
CHUCK: I checked the weather, you had the jet stream, you could have made it up.
STAN: But I might not have.
CHUCK: Jesus. I got it working... You have no idea how hard it was... They're finally a team...
STAN: I'm touched.
CHUCK: You fucked us over.
STAN: The point of FedEx, as I understand it, is to make the damn connection.
CHUCK: I was making a point.
STAN: What? Let Paris hold its plane? Let Memphis take care of it? Let somebody down the line clean up your mess?
CHUCK: Every person counts, every package counts, that's my point.
STAN: You know what your problem is? You just see the packages in front of you. You don't see the big picture.
CHUCK: Baloney. I do see the damn big picture.""
STAN: I didn't know we had sailboats.
CHUCK: It's a ketch Kelly and I had chartered.
STAN: For all those vacation days you got coming.
CHUCK: And never take.
STAN: Look, I'm sorry about your plane. But I couldn't risk being late into Memphis.
CHUCK: Forget it.
STAN: You know General McLelland, he wouldn't attack unless he had everything just right. Finally Abe Lincoln came to him and said, General, if you're not going to use my army, could I borrow it for a while? So he gave it to Grant and Grant just said, let's go.
CHUCK: I'm from Arkansas. Tell me a story with Robert E. Lee in it and maybe I'll pay attention.
STAN: We're warriors, not desk jockeys. We've got to be bold. You always want all your ducks lined up. But nothing's 100 percent. It's always 60-40, maybe 51-49. Hell, I'd take 40-60. Then roll the dice.
CHUCK: That's why you're a gambling man.
STAN: That's why I'm running foreign and you're not. That's why you're not married and I am.
CHUCK: For the third time.
STAN: Take the plunge, admit your mistakes, move on to tomorrow. That's FedEx, that's women, that's life.
CHUCK: You are one sick fucker.
STAN: I'm trying to help you here. There's Warsaw, there's this --
CHUCK: This was nothing like Warsaw. I held the truck then minutes, it's not that big a deal.