ELLIE: Very outspoken, too. Said I looked funny. Wasn't that cute?
PETER: Hurry up and get dressed.
ELLIE: Why, Peter! Don't you want to hear about our lovely friends?
PETER: If you didn't waste so much time on that wise-cracking drummer—we'd have been through with breakfast by this time.
ELLIE: Well, I hope you're not going to dictate whom I can talk to.
PETER: I know a couple of truck drivers I'd like to have you meet sometime. Come on, sit down.
ELLIE: Thank you. My, my! Scrambled eggs.
PETER: Egg. One egg—doughnuts—black coffee. That's your ration till lunch. Any complaints?
ELLIE: Nope. No complaints.
PETER: I'd have gotten you some cream but it meant buying a whole pint.
ELLIE: Why, you don't have to apologize, Mr. Warne. You'll never know how much I appreciate all this.
PETER: What makes you so disgustingly cheerful this morning?
ELLIE: Must be the Spring.
PETER: I thought maybe—uh—believe you me" told you a couple of snappy stories."
ELLIE: He apologized for last night. Said he didn't know we were married.
PETER: Just shows you how wrong a guy can be. Doughnut?
ELLIE: Thanks. You think this whole business is silly, don't you? I mean running away and everything.
PETER: No. No. It's too good a story.
ELLIE: Yes, you do. You think I'm a fool and a spoiled brat. Perhaps I am, although I don't see how I can be. People who are spoiled are accustomed to having their own way. I never have. On the contrary, I've always been told what to do and how to do it and where and with whom. Would you believe it? This is the first time I've ever been alone with a man!
PETER: Yeah?
ELLIE: It's a wonder I'm not panic stricken.
PETER: Um. You're doing all right.
ELLIE: Thanks. Nurses, governesses, chaperones, even body-guards. Oh, it's been a lot of fun.
PETER: One consolation; you can never be lonesome.
ELLIE: It has its moments. It got to be a sort of game to try to outwit father's detectives. I—I did it once; actually went shopping without a body-guard. It was swell. I felt absolutely immoral. But it didn't last long. They caught up with me in a department store. I was so mad I ran out the back way and jumped into the first car I saw. Guess who was in it?
PETER: Santa Claus?
ELLIE: King—King Westley was in it.
PETER: Oh. Is that how you met him?
ELLIE: Um-hm. We rode around all afternoon. Father was frantic. By 6 o'clock he was having all the rivers dragged.
PETER: Say, where did you learn to dunk, in finishing school?
ELLIE: Aw, now, don't you start telling me I shouldn't dunk.
PETER: Of course you shouldn't. You don't know how to do it. Dunking's an art. Don't let it soak so long. A dip and plop, into your mouth. If you let it soak so long, it'll get soft and fall off. It's all a matter of timing. I ought to write a book about it.
ELLIE: Thanks, professor.
PETER: Just goes to show you. Twenty millions and you don't know how to dunk.
ELLIE: I'd change places with a plumber's daughter any day.