MARGO: It was Fort Sumter they fired on-
BIRDIE: I never played Fort Sumter.
MARGO: Honey chili had a point. You know, I can remember plays about women - even from the South - where it never even occurred to them whether they wanted to marry their fathers more than their brothers...
LLOYD: That was way back...
MARGO: Within your time, buster. Lloyd, honey, be a playwright with guts. Write me one about a nice, normal woman who shoots her husband.
BIRDIE: You need new girdles.
MARGO: Buy some.
BIRDIE: The same size?
MARGO: Of course!
BIRDIE: Well. I guess a real tight girdle help when you're playin' a lunatic.
KAREN: Margo does not play a lunatic, Birdie.
BIRDIE: I know. She just keeps hearin' her dead father play the banjo.
MARGO: It's the tight girdle that does it.
KAREN: I find these wisecracks increasingly less funny! 'Aged in Wood' happens to be a fine and distinguished play-
LLOYD: - 'at's my loyal little woman.
KAREN: The critics thought so, the audiences certainly think so - packed houses, tickets for months in advance - I can't see that either of Lloyd's last two plays have hurt you any!
LLOYD: Easy, now...
MARGO: Relax, kid. It's only me and my big mouth...
KAREN: It's just that you get me so mad sometimes... of all the women in the world with nothing to complain about-
MARGO: Ain't it the truth?
KAREN: Yes, it is! You're talented, famous, wealthy - people waiting around night after night just to see you, even in the wind and rain...
MARGO: Autograph fiends! They're not people - those little beast who run in packs like coyotes-
KAREN: They're your fans, your audience-
MARGO: They're nobody's fans! They're juvenile delinquents, mental detectives, they're nobody's audience, they never see a play or a movie, even - they're never indoors long enough!
KAREN: Well... there's one indoors now. I've brought her back to see you.
MARGO: You've what?
KAREN: She's just outside the door.
MARGO: The heave-ho.
KAREN: You can't put her out, I promised... Margo, you've got to see her, she worships you, it's like something out of a book-
LLOYD: That book is out of print, Karen, those days are gone. Fans no longer pull the carriage through the streets - they tear off clothes and steal wrist watches...
KAREN: If you'd only see her, you're her whole life - you must have spotted her by now, she's always there...