MAX: Comfortable?
ORDELL: The door was opened, so I just came right in.
MAX: I can see that. Why?
ORDELL: I got some more business for ya.
MAX: Oh, yeah? What did he do?
ORDELL: She is an airline stewardess. Got caught coming back from Mexico with some blow. They set her bond this afternoon at ten thousand. Now, what I was thinkin', you could use the ten thousand you owe me from Beaumont and move it over on to the stewardess.
MAX: The bond for possession is only a thousand.
ORDELL: They fuckin' wit' her. They callin' it Possession with Intent. A black woman in her forties gets busted with less than two ounces on her, they call that shit Intent. Same shit happened to a movie star. It's Possession.
MAX: It still sounds high.
ORDELL: She had, I believe it was... fifty grand on her, too. There was a cop at the hearing. Young guy with L.A.P.D. wanted her bond set at twenty- five thousand, saying there was a risk of flight. Jackie being a stewardess and all.
MAX: Before we start talking about stewardess, let's get Beaumont out of the way first.
ORDELL: Somebody already did.
MAX: What?
ORDELL: You didn't hear?
MAX: Hear what?
ORDELL: Somebody with a grudge blew Beaumont's brains out -- hey, that rhymes -- blew Beaumont's brains out.
MAX: Did the police contact you?
ORDELL: Very first motherfuckin' thing they did. They see I put up a big money bond on my boy, they start thinking with that where-there's-smoke-there's fire logic. They roust my ass outta bed, ten o'clock in the morning. Fuckin' scare my woman, Sherona, half to death. She thought they were gonna take my ass away for sure.
MAX: The stewardess. Do you know her last name?
ORDELL: Brown, Jackie Brown.
MAX: What does she do for you?
ORDELL: Who says she does anything for me? She's my friend. When my friends get into trouble, I like to help 'em out.
MAX: Beaumont worked for you.
ORDELL: That's what the police thought. I told them I'm unemployed, how could I have anybody work for me? Now I bail out Jackie, I'm liable to have the police on me again, huh? Wanting to know was she doing things for me, was she bringing me that money!
MAX: Was she?
ORDELL: Is this, me and you, like a lawyer- client relationship? The lawyer can't tell nothing he hears?
MAX: You're not my client until you get busted and I bond you out.
ORDELL: If there's no -- what do you call it -- confidentiality between us? Why would I tell you anything?
MAX: Cause you want me to know what a slick guy you are. You got stewardesses bringing you fifty grand.
ORDELL: Why would a stewardess bring me fifty grand?
MAX: You want me to speculate on what you do. I'd say you're in the drug business, except the money's moving in the wrong direction. Whatever you're into, you seem to be getting away with it, so more power to you. Okay you want another bond, and you want to move over the ten thousand you put down on Beaumont to the stewardess. That means paperwork. I have to get a death certificate, present it to the court, fill out a receipt for return of bond collateral, then type up another application. An indemnity agreement --
ORDELL: Jackie ain't got time for all that shit --
MAX: I'm telling you what I have to do. What you have to do, in case you forgot, is come up with premium of a thousand bucks.
ORDELL: I got it. I just don't got it on me.
MAX: Well, come back when you do, and I'll bond out the stewardess.
ORDELL: Man, you know I'm good for it. Thousand bucks ain't shit.
MAX: If I don't see it in front of me, you're right. It ain't shit.
ORDELL: Man, you need to look at this with a little compassion. Jackie ain't no criminal. She ain't used to this kinda treatment. I mean, gangsters don't give a fuck -- but for the average citizen, coupla nights in County fuck with your mind.
MAX: Ordell, this isn't a bar, an you don't have a tab.
ORDELL: Just listen for a second. We got a forty-year-old, gainfully employed black woman, falsely accused --
MAX: Falsely accused? She didn't come back from Mexico with cocaine on her?
ORDELL: Falsely accused of Intent. If she had that shit -- and mind you, I said if" -- it was just her shit to get high with."
MAX: Is white guilt supposed to make me forget I'm running a business?