TOM: They was some cops here, Ma. They was takin' down the license numbers. It looks like somebody knows sump'n.
MA: It had to come, I reckon, soon or later.
TOM: I'd like to stay. I'd like to be with ya-- --an' see your face when you an' Pa get settled in a nice little place. I sure wish I could see you then. But-- --I guess I won't never be able to do that. Not now.
MA: I could hide you, Tommy.
TOM: I know you would, Ma. But I ain't gonna let you. You hide somebody that's kilt a man an'... an' you'd be in trouble too.
MA: Awright, Tommy. What you figger you gonna do?
TOM: You know what I been thinkin' about, Ma? About Casy. About what he said, what he done, an' about how he died. An' I remember all of it.
MA: He was a good man.
TOM: I been thinkin' about us, too--about our people livin' like pigs, an' good rich lan' layin' fallow, or maybe one fella with a million acres, while a hundred thousan' farmers is starvin'. An' I been wonderin' if all our folks got together an' yelled--
MA: Tommy, they'll drive you, an' cut you down like they done to Casy.
TOM: They gonna drive me anyways. Soon or later they'll get me, for one thing if not another. Until then...
MA: You don't aim to kill nobody, Tom!
TOM: No, Ma. Not that. That ain't it. But long as I'm a outlaw, anyways, maybe I can do sump'n. Maybe I can jus' fin' out sump'n. Jus' scrounge aroun' an' try to fin' out what it is that's wrong, an then see if they ain't sump'n could be done about it. But I ain't thought it out clear, Ma. I can't. I don't know enough.
MA: How'm I gonna know 'bout you? They might kill you an' I wouldn't know. They might hurt you. How'm I gonna know?
TOM: Well, maybe it's like Casy says, a fella ain't got a soul of his own, but on'y a piece of a big soul--the one big soul that belongs to ever'body-- an' then...
MA: Then what, Tom?
TOM: Then it don't matter. Then I'll be all aroun' in the dark. I'll be ever'where--wherever you look. Wherever there's a fight so hungry people can eat, I'll be there. Wherever there's a cop beatin' up a guy, I'll be there. I'll be in the way guys yell when they're mad--an' I'll be in the way kids laugh when they're hungry an' they know supper's ready. An' when our people eat the stuff they raise, an' live in the houses they build, why, I'll be there too.
MA: I don't understan' it, Tom.
TOM: Me neither. It's jus' stuff I been thinkin' about. Gimme you han', Ma. Good-by.
MA: Good-by, Tom. Later--when it's blowed over--you'll come back? You'll try to fin' us?
TOM: Sure. Good-by.
MA: Good-by, Tommy.