KAREN: I think I know...
EVE: Something most important you can do.
KAREN: You want to play Cora." You want me to tell Lloyd I think you should play it."
EVE: If you told him so, he'd give me the part. He said he would.
KAREN: After all you've said... don't you know the part was written for Margo?
EVE: It could have been - fifteen years ago. It's my part now.
KAREN: You talk just as Addison said you did.
EVE: Cora" is my part. You've got to tell Lloyd it's for me."
KAREN: I don't think anything in the world could make me say that.
EVE: Addison wants me to play it.
KAREN: Over my dead body...
EVE: That won't be necessary. Addison knows how Margo happen to miss that performance - how I happened to know she'd miss it in time to call him and notify every paper in town... ... it's quite a story. Addison could make quite a thing of it - imagine how snide and vicious he could get and still write nothing but the truth. I had a time persuading him... ... you'd better sit down. You look a bit wobbly. If I play Cora
KAREN: A part in a play. You'd do all that - just for a part in a play.
EVE: I'd do much more - for a part that good.
ADDISON: Hungry?
EVE: Just some coffee.
ADDISON: I'm not surprised. After all that humble pie...
EVE: Nothing of the kind. Karen and I had a nice talk.
ADDISON: Heart to heart? Woman to woman? Including a casual reference to the part of Cora" - and your hopes of playing it."
EVE: I discussed it very openly. I told her that I had spoken to Lloyd - and that he was interested.
ADDISON: She mentioned, of course, that Margo expects to play the part?
EVE: Oddly enough - she didn't say a word about Margo. Just that she'll be happy to do what she can to see that I play the part.
ADDISON: Just like that, eh?
EVE: Just like that.
ADDISON: Do you know, Eve - sometimes I think you keep things from me.
EVE: I don't think that's funny.
ADDISON: It wasn't meant to be.
EVE: I confide in you and rely on you more than anyone I've ever known! To say a thing like that now - without any reason - when I need you more than ever...
ADDISON: I hope you mean what you say, Eve. I intend to hold you to it.