CABLE: Sorry we had to meet here. But I'm pressed for time.
KLUTE: Well there's a couple --
CABLE: I read your report. I had to go along with it -- the idea of this being a wild goose chase, Tom being nowhere around --
KLUTE: Well as a matter of --
CABLE: I've been up country, you know my summer place, my camp. I don't even have a telephone there. This morning they sent a messenger out, that you'd been trying to call me.
KLUTE: Yeah.
CABLE: I'm on my way to Chicago. Very important meeting tonight. Well -- any new developments?
KLUTE: Yeah, two things Pete, that --
CABLE: You said Trask was arranging laboratory work. Police laboratory. Anything from that?
KLUTE: Yeah. It wasn't Tom.
CABLE: I'm sorry. I don't understand.
KLUTE: It wasn't Tom that broke in the room.
CABLE: It has to be Tom. You said he ripped up his own pictures, he --
KLUTE: Not Tom. Whoever it was left a kind of souvenir, I told you, in her clothing. Semen. The laboratory got a blood group reading from that. The man was blood type 0; Tom was an AB.
CABLE: Some mistake perhaps that --
KLUTE: No. No mistake Pete. It doesn't prove who it was -- but proves it wasn't Tom.
CABLE: You must be discouraged.
KLUTE: Not too bad. This brings back that Dumper in the picture.
CABLE: That who?
KLUTE: Dumper, the man Bree Daniel mentioned and Arlyn Page knew and Jane McKenna knew.
CABLE: You said he was no possible connection with Tom. The Page girl told you that, not Tom.
KLUTE: Someone's been doing all these things.
CABLE: You were hired to look for Tom, not someone.
KLUTE: Pete, I've got a chance to buy Jane McKenna's black book.
CABLE: What?
KLUTE: Call-girls generally keep a book, you know, a list of their clients. Sometimes, if a girl retires, she'll even sell it worth good money. Jane McKenna had a black book; when she died it was stolen. I've been after it a long time.
CABLE: You were hired to look for Tom.
KLUTE: I'm meeting a man tomorrow night. He wants to meet me on East-River Drive -- he wants five hundred dollars for the book. Can you get that for me Pete?
CABLE: I can't follow you.
KLUTE: Will the Company put up five hundred dollars to get Jane McKenna's list of clients?
CABLE: No. It's ridiculous. This has nothing to do with Tom Grunemann.
KLUTE: It probably has the Dumper's name. It might give us some kind of new lead. I want a look at it anyhow.
CABLE: Klute, the Company's interest is Tom Grunemann. Solely and exclusively. You say you can't find Tom; all right, I'll see that you're paid off; the case is closed.
KLUTE: All right, but I'm going to see that list.