ETHAN: Thanks, Max. Or is it Maxine?
MAX: I don't have to tell you what a comfort anonymity can be in my profession -- like a warm blanket. My deal with Job was subject to a successful boot scan. Obviously it didn't pass muster. Deal's off.
ETHAN: What was your deal with Job?
MAX: Six million dollars. I'll give you the same. But I want the complete list now, not just Eastern Europe. I won't do this piecemeal, it's too dangerous. I want the <u>entire</u> list, the true name of every non-official cover agent throughout the world.
ETHAN: <u>Ten</u> million. Ten million in negotiable U.S. Treasury certificates, in bearer form, coupons attached. And one more thing -- your personal assurance that Job will be at the exchange.
MAX: Done. Bring it to me in London. I want it by the end of the week.
ETHAN: How will you make sure Job will be there?
MAX: How will you make sure I'll have the list in three days? It's been a delight. Now where can I drop you dear boy?
ETHAN: I'm not being dropped anywhere without my money.
MAX: I'm going to have to front you personally. Don't lose that money without losing your life.
ETHAN: I wouldn't dream of it.
KITTRIDGE: The man's gone black, Barnes. He's under until he decides to surface.
BARNES: Look we can use someone from the Embassy and we can get the local authorities involved. Close off his transportation.
KITTRIDGE: What can we do, Barnes? Put a guy at the airport? How many identities do you think Hunt has? How many times has he slipped past custom, in how many countries? These guys are trained to be ghosts. <u>We</u> taught them how to do it, for Christ's sake!
BARNES: So what do you suggest?
KITTRIDGE: Let's not waste time chasing him. Make him come to us. Everybodyís got pressure points. Find out something that's important to him personally and you squeeze.
CLAIRE: Max made a deal with you?
ETHAN: I deliver the NOC list, Max delivers Job.
CLAIRE: We've got seventy-five rounds for your Glock 9, but only twenty for the Sig Sauer, one pair of Visco glasses with monitor, plenty of passports. You said it yourself -- if I'm not dead, I'm with you.
ETHAN: You're sure about this?
CLAIRE: Jim was my husband. I want to know who killed him. I want to get the son of a bitch who did this.
ETHAN: We need help, and we don't have time. They have to be local.
CLAIRE: What kind of help?
ETHAN: Simple game. Four players. Exfil opens the pocket -- -- cyber ops lifts the wallet.
KRIEGER: Bank?
ETHAN: IMF mainframe.
KRIEGER: Where exactly is it?
ETHAN: In Langley.