TED: Mary's a babe!
DOM: What?
TED: My Mary -- she's not in Japan, she's single, and she's got no rugrats. She does have a little gambling problem, she plays the football cards a bit too much, but she's a babe, a surgeon babe!
DOM: Huh? But why did Healy?
TED: Well think about it.
DOM: No You mean...?
TED: Uh-huh.
DOM: The lazy fuck just didn't bother to look her up.
TED: That sneaky prick was probably practicing his jai alai.
DOM: Well then you've got to call her, man.
TED: Fuck calling her. I'm going down there.
MAGDA: So who's the lucky guy?
MARY: Name's Patrick, I met him at the driving range.
MAGDA: Good lookin'?
MARY: He's no Steve Young.
MAGDA: What's he like?
MARY: I don't know. He's kind of a mook.
MAGDA: What's a mook?
MARY: You know, a mookalone, a schlep.
MAGDA: Then why you going out with him if he's a schlep?
MARY: Come on, Magda It's like that movie Harold and Maude.
MAGDA: I don't watch the new ones.
MARY: This one's almost thirty years old. It's about a young kid and an old lady who fall in love.
MAGDA: That's exactly why I don't watch 'em anymore -- it's bullshit! Why the hell would an old lady go for a young kid?
MARY: The point is, love isn't about money or social standing or age, it's about connecting with someone, having things in common kindred spirits.
MAGDA: Fuck kindred spirits. My little Puffy here's gonna tell you all you need to know about this guy in about two seconds flat. If he starts yapping, he's a loser; if Puffy's relaxed... well, you got yourself a keeper.
HEALY: Oh, Pufferball likes his little tum- tum rubbed, doesn't he now?
MARY: Wow, I've never seen him like this. He doesn't usually like guys.
MAGDA: You mean he doesn't like bad guys.
HEALY: 'That right?
MAGDA: He can tell you're an animal nut. You are, aren't ya?
HEALY: Truth is I usually get along better with animals than with people. In Nepal the villagers call me 'Kin-tan- tee', which means 'man who is loved by many animals... ...who love him a lot, too... and so on.'
MAGDA: Would you like a glass of tea or something?
HEALY: You got a brew?
MARY: Sure. Uh, Magda, why don't you get some more cheese and crackers...?
MAGDA: Oh, yeah, of course, dear.
MARY: Sorry, Pat, out of beer. You like vodka?
HEALY: Great.
MAGDA: Would you like a little clam-dip, honey?
HEALY: No, thanks. Love a little bundt cake if you have some!
MAGDA: Bundt cake?
MARY: Must have a sweet tooth. See if you can find some cookies.