ANNIE: I think I'm going crazy, Tom. I really do. Are you happily married?
TOM: What?
ANNIE: I mean, why did you get married? Was it all fireworks and trumpets and --
TOM: I got married because Betsy said we had to break up or get married. So we get married.
ANNIE: But when you met her, did you believe she was the only person for you? That in some mystical, cosmic way, it was fated?
TOM: Annie, when you meet someone and you're attracted to them, it just means that your subconscious is attracted to their subconscious, subconsciously. So what we think of as chemistry is just two neuroses knowing that they are a perfect match.
ANNIE: I don't even know him. But I'm having all these fantasies about a man I've never met, who lives in Seattle.
TOM: It rains nine months of the year in Seattle.
ANNIE: I know, I know. I do not want to move to Seattle. But what I really don't want to do is end up always wondering what might have happened and knowing I could have done something. What do you think? It's just cold feet, isn't it? Everyone panics before they get married, didn't you?
TOM: Yes, I did.
ANNIE: Thank you, Tom. I feel so much better just having blown this off.
TOM: Any time.
JAY: Sandy has a girlfriend, Clenda ... She's a weightlifter, but it's not like her neck is bigger than her head or anything --
SAM: I'm not asking you to set me up, Jay. That's not what I need your help for. I want to know what it's like over there.
JAY: And that's what I'm trying to tell you. What women are looking over, okay? Pecs and a cute butt.
SAM: You mean, like, He has the cutest butt"? Where did I hear that recently?"
JAY: Everywhere. You can't even turn on the news without hearing about how some babe thought some guy's butt was cute. Who the first babe to say this was I don't know, but it caught on.
JAY: When's the latest time you were out there?
SAM: Seventy... eight.
JAY: Well. Things are different. First, you have to be friends. You have to like each other. Then you neck. This can go on for years. Then you have tests. Then you get to do it with a condom. The good news is, split the check.
SAM: I don't think it could let a woman pay for dinner.
JAY: Great. They'll have a parade in your honor. You'll be Man of the Year in Seattle Magazine. Tira misu.
SAM: What's tira misu?
JAY: You'll find out.
SAM: What is it?
JAY: You'll see.
SAM: Some woman is going to want me to do it to her and I'm not going to know what it is.
JAY: You'll like it.
SAM: This is going to be tougher than I thought.