FEATHER: There's one thing I don't understand. The thing I don't understand ... is every motherfucking thing you're saying.
WILSON: Look, mush, you're the guv'nor here, I can see that, I'm on your manor now, right. So there's no need to get out of your pram. I'm Johnny-come-lately to all this. Whatever the bollocks between you and this slag Valentine, it's got nothing to do with me. I don't wanna know.
FEATHER: Well, I'll tell you. I believe this Valentine screwed me out of a fair sum of money.
WILSON: I can well believe it. I'm sure he has done, son. He's about as straight as a dog's hind leg.
FEATHER: But I can't be sure. I don't even know who he is. He's too insulated. Too many layers around him.
WILSON: Your guess is as good as mine, mate. I'm here on another matter entirely.
FEATHER: Yeah, I guess you are.
WILSON: Good job your lot showed up when they did or it would've been <u>me</u> for the high jump.
FEATHER: That dude who works for Valentine. He's the one sent those guys after you. You know that.
WILSON: Yeah. Shouldn't wonder. Must've done.
FEATHER: So what's your beef, pal?
WILSON: Nothing financial. Strictly personal. I can see how all this import-export malarkey might give rise to confusion where I'm concerned. A foreigner, showing up unexpectedly, like.
FEATHER: It was you. Downtown.
WILSON: Eh?
FEATHER: Because that wasn't anything to do with me. And suspicion has been cast in my direction. Didn't make any sense. Choosing those shitheads over me, cutting me out of the deal, then screwing them over too.
WILSON: No, I can reassure you on that point. Valentine was just as surprised by that turn of events as you.
FEATHER: He'd already grabbed more than his allotted cut. Didn't think he'd be so bold as to take all of it.
WILSON: All of what?
FEATHER: Of the deal, man.
WILSON: Oh, yeah, right. The deal.
FEATHER: But if you're mad at him too and he's mad at you ... that must make us pals.
WILSON: As you prefer, squire. As you prefer.
FEATHER: In which case I'll just do what I usually do.
WILSON: And that is?
FEATHER: What am I doing?