TED: All right, Thelma, you want to know what's going on? I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you exactly what's going on.
THELMA: Look, Ted, all I--
TED: I came home tonight. We just got the Fire and Ice account at the agency. Do you know what that means?! Do you understand what that means? It means that it was maybe one of the five best days in my whole life.
THELMA: Ted, all I wanted to know was where--
TED: I walk in the house and before I can say How are you?"
THELMA: OhmyGod. Didn't she say anything? She must've said something.
TED: Yeah, she said it wasn't any use talking anymore.
THELMA: Ted, don't be so hostile.
TED: Hostile? Me? Thelma, I'm not hostile. I am anything but hostile. But if you want to know what I am. I'll tell you what I am. What I am is, I am hurt. I am very hurt. And I just want to know one thing, okay? Just one thing ...Why? That's all I want to know...Why?
THELMA: Ted, Joanna and I used to talk a lot and...well, she told me a lot of...ah, things about the two of you.
TED: Things? What kind of things?
THELMA: I mean...things. Ted, Joanna's very unhappy and--
TED: Listen, Joanna Kramer's got a goddamn good life. She's got a husband that loves her. She's got a terrific kid. She's got a wonderful home--
THELMA: What d'you know about how Joanna felt? You went off to an office every morning and you'd come dragging home at seven or eight every night and as long as dinner was on the table you thought everything was swell.
TED: Did it ever occur to you guys that Joanna Kramer's not the easiest person in the world to live with?! Did it?! For one thing she's always thirty minutes late. You can set your watch by it--
TED: Two. She is getting to be a real hermit or recluse or whatever it is you call it. Thelma, do you know where I could be in this business if I had a wife that entertained or went out socially--
THELMA: Oh for shit's sake, Ted, you are the most selfish human being I have ever met. No wonder she said you came first, then Billy, then, if there was anything left over, she got the scraps.
TED: Joanna said that?
TED: Then how come she never said anything like that to me?
THELMA: Maybe she didn't feel like she should have to. Maybe she felt like if you'd been paying any real attention to her to start with, maybe you would've noticed.
TED: Boy, you guys are really something, y'know? I'd like to know one thing, okay--just one little thing. Did you tell Joanna she should leave me?
THELMA: No.
TED: Y'know something Thelma--you are the typhoid Mary of divorce. I mean it. Joanna and I never had any trouble until you and Charley split up.
THELMA: Ted, divorce is a terrible thing. I know, I went through it. You've got to believe I did everything I could to get Joanna to stay. But I'll tell you something. You may not want to hear it, but it took a lot of courage for Joanna to do what she just did.
TED: I'd like to know what the hell kind of courage it takes to walk out on your husband and your child?