M.J.: Investigators Halloran and Goetz. I apologize for Goetz, he's a firehouse dog.
ANDY: I'm okay. I really kind of enjoyed it.
M.J.: Ring the gong, he goes. Poor impulse control.
HELEN: Is he out?
M.J.: Who?
HELEN: If he's not out, why are they here?
M.J.: Because of your phone calls.
HELEN: What calls? I haven't made any calls.
ANDY: Are you staying long? Shall I shut the door? Make your coffee? Make the beds?
M.J.: You talked to me. Do you remember?
HELEN: You were the one that talked about moonbikes and called me a crank? Oh God, I <u>am</u>! Make them some coffee. Halloran, is it? Investigator Goetz? I had a crank call myself-- he said... I thought it might be Daryll Lee Cullum. I thought he might be out of prison.
RUBEN: Daryll Lee Cullum? I don't think so. If he's escaped we'd have the National Guard, cops'd be crawling through sewers. You'd have a guard on your front door.
M.J.: I want to tell you it's a great honor to meet you and talk to you.
HELEN: You don't admire me. No police admire me. I got one of you killed. Why don't you say right out what you're here for?
M.J.: <u>You</u> called <u>us</u>, Doctor Hudson.
HELEN: Yes, I did. Poor impulse control. The accounts of the firs two murders made it so clear they were the work of the same man, but you kept announcing they were unrelated. You'll never catch him that way.
M.J.: Sugar and cream for Goetz; I take mine black. You're absolutely correct. The politicians don't want panic headlines spoiling the Festival of Love.
HELEN: Well, let's thank God you and Inspector Goetz are on the case, then.
M.J.: Would you want to work with us on this?
HELEN: Oh, my God, no! I'm a clinical hysteric, with panic syndrome, and anxiety neurosis, agoraphobic, I'm afraid of everything, real and imaginary. I never leave this apartment now. Nobody ever comes here. I just wanted to get your attention. I write and I used to lecture on these crimes, but... I'm not competent.
M.J.: I think you are. I really admire everything you've done; it would be an honor to work with you, and we need all the help we can get, especially yours.
HELEN: Inspector Halloran, that is so much bullshit, you don't like or admire me, but the beautiful part is I don't give a fuck. That's the upside of having a breakdown.
M.J.: Well, it's a hell of an apartment you got here. I'm living one step away from the projects, myself, but I get to go to work every day, wading in blood and guts. I guess the books you wrote about these sons of bitches paid off pretty good.
HELEN: Will you go. Andy, make them go.
M.J.: You can't go out lecturing? Tough shit. Women are dying. Where can I lay this stuff out?
HELEN: I don't want this. What are they?
RUBEN: You called us, Doctor, if you don't want to look at them here, how about downtown. I'll drive you down...
ANDY: Now look what you did.
RUBEN: What did I do?
ANDY: You threatened to drive her downtown. She has agoraphobia.
RUBEN: Fear of what...
ANDY: Open space. She hasn't been out of this apartment in three years. I didn't used to think it was real...
M.J.: We'll get the paramedics...
ANDY: Oh, God, uniforms, more stress. Let her sleep. It's a self-limiting: she hyperventilates till she passes out, then her breathing goes back to normal, and she wakes up singing like a lark. We know, don't we, Princess? Give her a couple of hours. I know about this.
M.J.: Tell her we're sorry we bothered her.
ANDY: Hey, no. Leave those here. If you really want her help. I mean if you really do, leave them. Let her see them. I'll see they're safe...