VIKTOR: No! You will not give in to that blackmailing bitch!
ELAINE: Excuse us.
ELAINE: God, Viktor. Why do you always have to make things so difficult for yourself?
VIKTOR: Difficult. I'm difficult.
VIKTOR: -- Do you know what these are, Elaine?
ELAINE: Hmm... Mike and Ike's.
VIKTOR: Not just any Mike & Ike's -- cherry Mike & Ike's. Do you know why I, Viktor Taransky, two-time Academy Award nominated director --
ELAINE: -- Viktor, that was Short Subject.
VIKTOR: -- overseeing the most cherished movie project of my career, am walking around with a pocketful of cherry Mike & Ike's?
ELAINE: -- I have a feeling you're going to tell me.
VIKTOR: -- I'll tell you why. It is because Miss Nicola Anders, supermodel with a SAG card God's gift to cinema, has it written into her contract that all cherry Mike & Ike's be removed from her candy dish along with strict instructions that any room she walks into should have seven packs of cigarettes waiting for her three of them opened, that there be a personal jacuzzi within eighty paces of her dressing room, and that any time she travels, her nanny must fly with her first class.
ELAINE: -- What's wrong with that?
VIKTOR: Elaine, she doesn't have any children! Don't you see? We're being held hostage by 12 men and 5 women who someone somewhere has decreed are the A-list.
ELAINE: The public decides who's on that list.
VIKTOR: Please.
ELAINE: It's the truth. Those 17 superstars are our insurance policy. We can't open -- can't make a profit without them.
VIKTOR: We can hardly make a profit with them. Up-front salary, back-end deal, perks, per diem, percentages -- They're mocking us, Elaine. We're at their mercy. We always had movie stars but they used to be our stars. We used to decide who would play what role. We told them what to wear, what to say, who to date. When they were under contract, we could change their names if we wanted to -- more than once!
ELAINE: You realize you're nostalgic for an era you weren't even born in?
VIKTOR: Well, I do remember why I started out in this business -- you seem to have forgotten -- working in New York with Cassevetes -- we were trying to do something important, shine a light in that darkened cinema --
ELAINE: -- It's called a projector.
VIKTOR: -- Illuminate hearts and minds with a ray of truth.
ELAINE: Listen, Viktor, I have good memories of those days too -- but this isn't about that or you or me or some high-minded ideal. This is business.
VIKTOR: Spare me.
ELAINE: -- Christ, Viktor, look around. What do you think pays for all this? This is about investment and return. Those days in New York... that's... it's over.
VIKTOR: You're not renewing my contract.
ELAINE: How can I? Your last three pictures tanked. The board is giving me hell. No bankable star will work with you after this. If you just compromised... a little.