MARCUS AURELIUS: I want you to start your work for the last phase of the campaign.
NARCISSUS: I will, Marcus. But you're going to be well enough to direct it yourself.
MARCUS AURELIUS: I've made so many mistakes, Narcissus. We all put off the very last duties of our lives because we're afraid of admitting when our lives are over.
NARCISSUS: There's no reason to say that. Everyone knows you're going to be well. I had Servis groom your horse for a triumphal visit to the front at first light.
MARCUS AURELIUS: Servis made it through again?
NARCISSUS: He's like you, sir, too tough for the Gods to swallow.
MARCUS AURELIUS: If I'd ever had a sign that you wanted to rule I would have... no, again, it's my own bullheadedness. Narcissus, I should have adopted you years ago. And now the Gods are begging me to make you my son!
NARCISSUS: Commodus is just a young man, he'll learn what you had to learn.
MARCUS AURELIUS: It's not because he's young, it's because he's ignorant and arrogant. His sister is a better man. That's why I have undertaken to begin sweeping changes in the relationship between the emperor and the Senate.
NARCISSUS: So I understand.
MARCUS AURELIUS: Everyone talking about it? I wouldn't wonder. All I seek is a genuine balance of power between the Emperor and the Senate. Thus I have transferred legal power -- which was theirs to begin with -- back to the Senators. This includes a shared right to taxation too but some bite in the plan. It's a start, only a start. If the Emperor and the Senate can share power then the people will be ready to take their share. This means Commodus has to bend; does he strike you as that type?
NARCISSUS: You're too hard on him. He is a strong young man, with you as his guide...
MARCUS AURELIUS: A man should be upright, not be kept upright. History shows us that a good general is quick to recognize opportunities -- even if it means making a complete about face at the last minute. I want you to consider becoming my heir.
NARCISSUS: Marcus, you honor me, but I'm a soldier, politics scare the hell out of me.
MARCUS AURELIUS: The Senators admire you.
NARCISSUS: They fear me.
MARCUS AURELIUS: They fear change. The new Caesar must be honest enough to know when the emperorship is no longer feasible. You could be the one, the Emperor, the man who oversees the rebirth of the Republic.
NARCISSUS: I'll do anything in my power to help you restore the Republic but I can't be that power.