LLOYD: You know, I've been going over our financial condition - if you'll pardon the expression...
KAREN: That's quite a change of subject.
LLOYD: What with taxes coming up - and since I'm a playwright and not an oil well operator - well, I've been thinking...
KAREN: I'm trying hard to follow you.
LLOYD: If - instead of waiting until next season to do 'Footsteps on the Ceiling', which is in pretty good shape - and if Margo can be talked into going on tour with 'Aged in Wood' - we could put 'Footsteps...' into production right away...
KAREN: I'm beginning to catch up.
LLOYD: If we could cast it properly, that is...
KAREN: Maybe get some younger actress for the part? Someone who'd look the part as well as play it?
LLOYD: You've got to admit it would be a novelty.
KAREN: Now you're quoting Addison. Or Eve.
LLOYD: Eve did mention the play, you know. But just in passing - she's never ask to play a part like Cora
KAREN: Eve would ask Abbott to give her Costello.
LLOYD: No, I got the idea myself - while she was talking to me...
KAREN: With gestures, of course.
LLOYD: For once, to write something and have it realized completely. For once, not to compromise-
KAREN: Lloyd Richards, you are not to consider giving that contemptible little worm the part of Cora.""
LLOYD: Now just a minute-
KAREN: Margo Channing has not been exactly a compromise all these years, half the playwrights in the world would give their shirts for that particular compromise!
LLOYD: Now just a minute!
KAREN: It strikes me that Eve's disloyalty and ingratitude must be contagious!
LLOYD: All this fuss and hysteria because an impulsive kid got carried away by excitement and the conniving of a professional manure slinger named deWitt! She apologized, didn't she?
KAREN: On her knees, I have no doubt! Very touching, very Academy-of-Dramatic Arts!
LLOYD: That bitter cynicism of yours is something you've acquired since you left Radcliffe!
KAREN: The cynicism you refer to, I acquired the day I discovered I was different from little boys!