JIM: Mr. Shaw, can you identify this man?
SHAW: Naturally. Are you claiming, Mr. Garrison, that Mr. Oswald also had dinner with me?
JIM: Mr. Shaw, did you ever meet Lee Harvey Oswald?
SHAW: You really have me consorting with a cast of sordid characters, don't you, Mr. Garrison.
JIM: Please answer the question.
SHAW: Of course not! Such a pity, that assassination. In fact, I admired President Kennedy. A man with true panache, and a wife with impeccable taste.
JIM: Mr. Shaw, this is an Italian newspaper article saying you were a member of the Board of Centro Mondo Commerciale in Italy, that this company was a creature of the CIA for the transfer of funds in Italy for illegal political-espionage activities. It says that this company was expelled from Italy for those activities.
SHAW: I'm well aware of this asinine article. And I am thinking very seriously of suing this rag of a newspaper.
JIM: It says that this company has heavily Fascist ties to the French secret army organization that tried to assassinate de Gaulle in 1960.
SHAW: Nonsense. What next?
JIM: ...and that this company is linked to the Schlumber tool company here in Houma, Louisiana - which is where their arms may have come from to David Ferrie and his Cubans...
SHAW: Mr. Garrison, you're reaching. I am an international businessman. The Trade Mart which I founded is America's commercial pipeline to Latin America. I trade everywhere. I am accused, as are all businessmen, of all things. I somehow go about my business, make money, help society the best I can and try to promote free trade in this world.
JIM: Mr. Shaw, have you ever been a contract agent with the Central Intelligence Agency?
SHAW: And if I was, Mr. Garrison... do you think I would be here today... talking to somebody like you?
JIM: No, people like you don't have to, I guess - people like you walk between the raindrops.
SHAW: May I go? Regardless of what you may think of me, Mr. Garrison, I am a patriot first and foremost.
JIM: I've spent half my life in the United States military serving and defending this great country, Mr. Shaw, and you're the first person I ever met who considered it an act of patriotism to kill his own president.
SHAW: Now just a minute, sir! You're way out of line!