SWANA: Hello, Leon darling!
LEON: Hello.
SWANA: After our talk last night I took it for granted that you would drop in here this morning. Knowing how difficult it is to get into Soviet Russia, I thought I might be of some assistance to you. May I introduce myself? I am the Duchess Swana of Russia... another Russia.
LEON: Now, please, Swana.
SWANA: Count d'Algout was for several years my personal representative and if it is necessary to sign any affidavit for him I'll be delighted.
LEON: That does it, Swana. Now you mustn't miss your appointment with your hair-dresser.
SWANA: Just in case they don't give you your visa to Russia I want you to know that I have signed a contract for my memoirs and rented a lovely little château in the Touraine, and if you feel the need of a change...
LEON: Thank you, Swana. You are very gracious.
LEON: She must have her little joke. You're not going to take that seriously.
OFFICIAL: The Grand Duchess Swana... active in the White Russian movement?
LEON: Believe me, I have no connection with her any longer... I swear I haven't!
OFFICIAL: But you had!
LEON: Listen, I want to be absolutely frank with you. I have no business in Moscow.
OFFICIAL: I think so too.
LEON: I want to see a friend of mine... a very dear friend.... It's a personal matter which has nothing to do with politics or social philosophies.... It's a girl.
OFFICIAL: So it's love which drags you to Moscow.
LEON: Yes!
OFFICIAL: No visa.
LEON: I must get into that country of yours!
OFFICIAL: Oh no. No visa.
LEON: That's impossible! Nobody has the right.... You can't do that!... If you don't give me that visa...
OFFICIAL: You're going to force us... huh?
LEON: Now look here... you advertise all over the world that you want people to go into your country and when someone tries to get in, you keep him out!
OFFICIAL: Why should I take a chance?
LEON: On what?
OFFICIAL: How do I know you don't want to blow up a factory?
LEON: What for... why?
OFFICIAL: Or a tunnel or a bridge...
LEON: Suspicions... nothing but suspicions!... That's the trouble with you! If you don't let me in I'll stand in front of this office of yours and warn people to keep away from Russia!... I'll picket your whole country....