ZEE: Jesse, are you awake?
JESSE: Mmmm.
ZEE: Jesse, is that your hand?
JESSE: Nuh-huh ...
DOC MIMMS: They're gone. What are you --
ZEE: I fooled them into thinking I was alone.
DOC MIMMS: Well, I hope the boy pulls through. We should know in the morning.
ZEE: I think he's already feeling better.
PARKER: Mr. Thaddeus Rains, sir, it is a pleasure to have you join us in the field.
RAINS: And it is my pleasure to be here.
PARKER: Really!
RAINS: NO! It is NOT my pleasure to have to leave my board room to come to this godforsaken piece of dirt to discover why in the name of all that is holy you cannot seem to evict a few simple farmers from their PATHETIC LITTLE MUDHOLES so that I may build the GREATEST railroad that this country has ever seen!
PARKER: I can completely understand your distress, sir.
RAINS: Parker, tell me what's going on so I can return as quickly as possible to Boston and my whores and cigars, not necessarily in that order.
PARKER: Two weeks ago, we managed to arrange to have the Army hang one of the local farmers.
RAINS: Good.
PARKER: Unfortunately not, sir. A gang of local thugs managed to rescue him from the gallows. Not only has this inspired resistance from the other farmers, the redoubtable Mr. Alan Pinkerton was seriously injured during the incident.
RAINS: Leaving you in charge of operations until he recovers.
PARKER: Yes sir.
RAINS: Just perfect.
PARKER: A further impediment is that the Army garrison has been ordered to move on from Liberty. We will no longer have that particular stick with which to threaten the farmers.
RAINS: You see the Army leaving and you see the loss of a tool. I see a power void to be filled. As we have the most power, we may move with impunity.
PARKER: I see. I'll get together four patrols of our detectives for action tonight.
RAINS: I'll teach these podunks what happens when they challenge the righteousness of progress.
ZEE: You shouldn't be up.
JESSE: I've been on my back two weeks. I'm sick of it.
ZEE: You're sick of my company?
JESSE: No! I mean, of course not. No.
ZEE: Teasing you is completely unfair.
JESSE: What you do to me is unfair. The teasing, I mean.
ZEE: I shouldn't tease a hero.
JESSE: What?
ZEE: Everybody in the county knows it was you who rescued Cole. We're all so proud of you, Jesse. And not a single farm's been sold to the railroad since. You're everybody's hero.
JESSE: I wasn't the only one risking my neck that day.
ZEE: So you're saying I should leave you alone and go spend time with Jimmy Younger?
JESSE: Unfair. You are completely unfair.
FRANK: You ready to stop loafing around with this young lady and get back to farming?
JESSE: What do you think?
FRANK: Would you get in the carriage? Until Ma has you home so she can fuss over you herself, she's gonna make me miserable.
JESSE: What do you say, sir?
DOC MIMMS: Go on. You're pretty much all healed up.
FRANK: You're looking a bit more spry now that somebody --
JESSE: Shut up. Uh, Doc, I was wondering if, uh, this evening, I could come by?
DOC MIMMS: You know you're welcome any time!
JESSE: Yesss, but I was thinking, I could come by, and then take Zee out. Some place near. With other folk. Near. Here. But out.
DOC MIMMS: It's fine by me, Jesse.