ANN: That was quick.
GRAHAM: False alarm.
ANN: Oh. Well, please sit down.
ANN: We... don't usually let people smoke in the house. We have a patio if you --
GRAHAM: Oh, no problem. It can wait.
ANN: Do you have other things?
GRAHAM: Yes. Oh, you mean to bring in! No. Yes, I have some other things, no, I don't need to bring them in. This is all I need to stay here.
ANN: Oh.
GRAHAM: Have you ever been on television?
ANN: Television?
GRAHAM: Yes.
ANN: No. Why?
GRAHAM: Curious.
ANN: Graham is an unusual name.
GRAHAM: Yeah, I guess it is. My mother is a complete Anglophile, anything British makes her drool like a baby. She probably heard the name in some movie. She's a prisoner of public television now.
ANN: Oh, uh-huh.
GRAHAM: Are you uncomfortable with my appearance?
ANN: No, I think you look... fine.
GRAHAM: Oh. Well, maybe I'm uncomfortable with my appearance. I feel a little out of place in these surroundings.
ANN: Well...
GRAHAM: I used to take great pleasure in that, being purposefully different, rubbing people's noses in it. Didn't you do that when you were younger?
ANN: No, not really.
GRAHAM: Oh. Well, I did. I was in a band once, and the music was always secondary to just flat out offending as many people as possible.
ANN: You play an instrument?
GRAHAM: No, I was in charge of kind of standing at the microphone and reciting these really depressing lyrics in a monotone. The whole thing was really... irrelevant. How do you like being married?
ANN: Oh, I like it. I like it very much.
GRAHAM: What about it do you like? I'm not being critical, I'd really like to know.
ANN: Well... well, the cliché about the security of it, that's really true. We own a house, and I really like that, you know? And I like that John was just made junior partner, so he has a steady job and he's not some...
ANN: ...free-lance. You know.
GRAHAM: Yes. So you feel security, stability. Like things are going to last awhile.
ANN: Oh, definitely. I mean, just this past year has gone by like phew! I hardly even knew it passed.
GRAHAM: Did you know that if you shut someone up in a room, and the only clock he has reference to runs two hours slow for every twenty-four, that his body will eventually adjust to that schedule? Simply because the mind honestly perceives that twenty-six hours are twenty-four, the body follows. And then there are sections of time. Your life can be broken down into the sections of time that formed your personality . For instance, when I was twelve, I had an eleven minute conversation with my father that to this day defines our relationship. Now, I'm not saying that everything happened in that specific section of time, but the events of my childhood involving my father led up to, and then were crystallized in, that eleven minutes.
ANN: Oh, uh-huh.
GRAHAM: Anyway, I think the mind is very flexible as far as time is concerned.
ANN: You mean like time flies"?"
GRAHAM: Exactly. I would say the fact that you feel the first year of your marriage has gone by quickly means lots of things. Or could mean lots of things.
ANN: How long has it been since you've seen John?
GRAHAM: Nine years.
ANN: Nine years?
GRAHAM: Yes. I was surprised that he accepted when I asked if I could stay here until I found a place.
ANN: Why? Didn't you know him well?
GRAHAM: I knew him very well. We were extremely close until I dropped out.
ANN: Why'd you drop out?
GRAHAM: Oh, lots of reasons, most of them boring. But, up until I dropped out, John and I were... very much alike.
ANN: That's hard to believe. The two of you seem so different.
GRAHAM: I would imagine that we are, now. I think I'm ready to use the bathroom, finally.