LITE: OK asshole. You owe thirty grand. Now what are you gonna do?
LT: I wanna go double or nothing on the next game.
LITE: Double or nothing? Are you fucking out of your mind?
LT: I'm not gonna let that bastard take my money
LITE: Take your money? This guy will blow up your house and everyone in it!
LT: There's just no way the Mets will lose this game. Gooden is pitching and Strawberry is ready to break out.
LITE: Fuck Strawberry. You're gonna end up owing 60 G to a homicidal maniac!
LT: That's my problem. Just put in my bet.
NUN: Forgive me Father, for I have sinned. It has been two days since my last confession. Father, my sin is a terrible sin. A sin of omission. There was another sin that happened at the same time, and in the same place, but my sin I think was graver stil.
PRIEST: Sister, we all know what happened to you yesterday morning. I expected that you would want to speak to me about it. But you could have come to my office. Your being here, in the confessional, implies that you, Sister, have done something wrong. You haven't. I assure you. I feared you might have misplaced feelings of guilt. If you condemn yourself because you experienced feelings of... curiosity or even... pleasure, you mustn't --
NUN: Father, if it was so trivial, so natural, so -- No. I have sinned. And you must listen if you are to prescribe an appropriate act of contrition, and to absolve me. Father, what would you do if you had but one day in which to use your arms to serve God?
PRIEST: It's funny, you knew. But the first thing I think of is kneading the bread that I help bake for the soup kitchen. Maybe that's because my the muscles in my arms still hurt.
NUN: I also thought of that bread, Father. And of that night six days ago when the Mother Superior died, and I kept the cool, damp cloth on her forehead freshly moist. Father, what would you do if you had but one day in which to use your legs to serve God?
PRIEST: I think of running for help, and falling to my knees in prayer.
NUN: As I have prayed day and night since the desecration of this church yesterday morning -- and my sin. You see, Father --
PRIEST: Yes, Sister?
NUN: Yesterday morning, God gave me but one chance to use something else to serve Him. Not my arms or my legs, but something I used for the first time, for the last time, and will never use again. My vagina.
NUN: Those boys, those sad, raging boys... They came to me as the needy do. And like many of the needy, they were rude. Like all the needy, they took. And like all the needy, they needed. Father. I knew them; They learn in our school. And play in our schoolyard. And they are good boys.
PRIEST: You knew them? Who were they, Sister? Who are these boys? What are the names of these -- good boys you knew?