DADDY: This is a total catastrastroke. As of this moment I am stumped, I admit, I am stumped and treed both, the hound dogs have me surrounded.
MOTHER: Poor thing, don't cry, Rose. I know you feel awful, but don't cry, honey, nobody's perfect. Who's the father, dear?
ROSE: Well, I... I... I don't know... maybe it was... but no, you can't be sure about a thing like that. It wasn't Billy, I didn't know him.
MOTHER: I know it's embarrassing... but who were you exposed to, dear? ROSE Well, now, Mrs. Hillyer, I... ah-h, that's kinda hard to say.
DADDY: You're not going to get anywhere with that line of questioning. The problem is, what are we going to do?
MOTHER: That's why I'm asking her who the father is. It's the most vital question of all. Who's the father, dear?
DADDY: She already told you, she doesn't know.
MOTHER: But she must know... unless... unless... Rose, was there more than one person?
ROSE: Oh-h, Mrs. Hillyer, I... I can't think. I... I'm not really sure.
MOTHER: Rose, really, you shouldn't act like that.
ROSE: Oh, I know. But I didn't, really. Honestly, I didn't. There was only one, but he's out of town and leave no forwardin' address.
DADDY: Ah, ha! Hold the phone! No forwarding address, huh? In the shock of this brilliant move, I forgot something.
MOTHER: What did you forget?
DADDY: I forgot that Rose will lie like a child. She's no more pregnant than I am, she just doesn't want to go to that farm!
ROSE: Yes, I am.
DADDY: No, you're not.
ROSE: Yes, Mr. Hillyer, I am.
DADDY: All right, tell us, Rose, what makes you think you're pregnant?
ROSE: I haven't had my period for three months and my stomach is getting big.
DADDY: I don't believe it.
ROSE: It's so, Mr. Hillyer.
DADDY: All right, damn it. We've seen you with your clothes off around here, stand up and pull up your dress and let's take a look!
MOTHER: Honey!
DADDY: She doesn't have to take her panties off, we can see her stomach with 'em on. All she has to do is pull up her dress and let us see her belly.