DOLORES: Eddie, I don't understand. Why are <u>you</u> the most qualified director for the Christine Jorgensen Story?
ED: Aw, er, it's just a bunch of hot air. I had to say something to get in the door.
GEORGIE: Can I help you?
ED: Yes, I'm Ed Wood. I'm here about directing the Christine Jorgensen picture.
GEORGIE: Yeah, well a couple of things have changed. It ain't gonna be the Christine Jorgensen story no more. Goddamn Variety" printed the story before I had the rights
ED: So you're not gonna make the movie?
GEORGIE: No, of COURSE I'm gonna make the movie! I've already preósold Alabama and Oklahoma. Those repressed Okies really go for that twisted pervert stuff. So we'll just make it without that she-male. We'll fictitionalize it.
ED: Is there a script?
GEORGIE: Fuck no! But there's a poster.
GEORGIE: It opens in nine weeks in Tulsa.
ED: Well, Mr. Weiss, I'm your guy. I work fast, and I'm a deal: I write AND direct. And I'm good. I just did a play in Hollywood, and Victor Crowley praised its realism.
GEORGIE: Hmm. There's five-hundred guys in town who can tell me the same thing. You said on the phone you had some kind of special qualifications.""
ED: Well, Mr. Weiss, I've never told anyone what I'm about to tell you... but I really want this job. I like to dress in women's clothing.
GEORGIE: Are you a fruit?
ED: No, no, not at all! I <u>love</u> women. Wearing their clothes makes me feel closer to them.
GEORGIE: So you're not a fruit?
ED: Nah, I'm all man. I even fought in WW2. 'Course, I <u>was</u> wearing ladies' undergarments under my uniform.
GEORGIE: You gotta be kiddin' me.
ED: Confidentially, I even paratrooped wearing a brassiere and panties. I'll tell ya, I wasn't scared of being killed, but I was <u>terrified</u> of getting wounded, and having the medics discover my secret.
GEORGIE: And this is why you think you're the most qualified to make my movie?
ED: Yeah. I know what it's like to live with a secret, and worry about what people are gonna think of you... My girlfriend still doesn't know why her sweaters are always stretched out.