YOUNG WOMAN: Someone wants it ... You can't stop it, can you? Even if you wanted to. Because it's not you. It's the system. And the system won't let you stop it ...
NIXON: There's a lot more at stake here than what you want. Or even what I want ...
YOUNG WOMAN: Then what's the point? What's the point of being president? You're powerless.
NIXON: No, no. I'm not powerless. Because ... because I understand the system. I believe I can control it. Maybe not control it totally. But ... tame it enough to make it do some good.
YOUNG WOMAN: It sounds like you're talking about a wild animal.
NIXON: Maybe I am.
HALDEMAN: We really must go, Mr. President.
NIXON: Don't forget, the most important thing in your life is your relationship with your Maker ... Don't forget to be on God's side.
NIXON: She got it, Bob. A nineteen-year-old college kid ...
HALDEMAN: What?
NIXON: She understood something it's taken me twenty-five fucking years in politics to understand. The CIA, the Mafia, the Wall Street bastards ...
HALDEMAN: Sir?
NIXON: ... The Beast." A nineteen-year-old kid. She understands the nature of "the Beast." She called it a wild animal."
NIXON: There must be a quarter-million out there, Edgar. They've been at it now for a year. Young kids just like Tricia. I don't know. Do you think they have a point, Edgar? Maybe this whole damned system of government is ...
HOOVER: Remember what Lenin said in 1917, Mr. President: The power was lying in the streets just waiting for someone to pick it up." The Communists have never been closer. Now is the time to go back to the old themes
NIXON: The little bastards think they can ruin Tricia's wedding day by dancing naked in the Reflecting Pond.
HOOVER: Don't listen to 'em, don't quit. Remember - Kennedy, Bobby, and King were against the war. Where are they now? Don't give 'em a goddamn inch on the war. President Johnson bombed Laos for years and nobody knew or said a thing. How the hell the Times ever got ahold of this Ellsberg stuff is a disgrace!
NIXON: We can't keep a goddamn secret in this government, Edgar. They're stealing papers right out of his office.
HOOVER: Johnson had the same damned problem till he bugged his own office.
NIXON: We took his system out.
HOOVER: That was a mistake. The White House was full of Kennedy people then. It still is.
NIXON: Who do you think is behind it?
HOOVER: Well, you have CIA people all over the place. Helms has seen to that. Then there's Kissinger's staff. Kissinger himself, I believe, maybe the leaker.
NIXON: Kissinger?
HOOVER: He's obsessed with his own image. He wants his Nobel Peace Prize a little too much. As the late Doctor" King proved -- even an ape can win a prize with good press."
NIXON: Jesus, I'd like to book him into a psychiatrist's office. He comes in here ranting and raving, dumping his crap all over the place ... Could you prove it, Edgar?
HOOVER: I always get my man.
NIXON: Yeah, you do. I'd be bugging myself, Edgar ... Who'd get the tapes?
HOOVER: No one. Your property. It would prove your case. Why do you think Kissinger's taping your calls? For history. His word against yours -- and right now he's got the records.
NIXON: This damned tie ... Will you help me, Edgar? Churchill used to say to me, If you want your own history written properly
HOOVER: It won't. As long as I'm here.