SONNY: Mikey, you look beautiful!
MICHAEL: Cut it out.
SONNY: The Turk wants to talk! The nerve of that son of a bitch! After he craps out last night he wants a meet.
HAGEN: Was there a definite proposal?
SONNY: Sure, he wants us to send Mike to meet him to hear his proposition. The promise is the deal will be so good we can't refuse.
HAGEN: What about that Tattaglias? What will they do about Bruno?
SONNY: Part of the deal: Bruno cancels out what they did to my father.
HAGEN: We should hear what they have to say.
SONNY: No, no Consiglere. Not this time. No more meetings, no more discussions, no more Sollozzo tricks. Give them one message: I WANT SOLLOZZO. If not, it's all out war. We go to the mattresses and we put all the button men out on the street.
HAGEN: The other families won't sit still for all out war.
SONNY: Then THEY hand me Sollozzo.
HAGEN: Come ON Sonny, your father wouldn't want to hear this. This is not a personal thing, this is Business.
SONNY: And when they shot me father...
HAGEN: Yes, even the shooting of your father was business, not personal...
SONNY: No no, no more advice on how to patch it up Tom. You just help me win. Understood?
HAGEN: I found out about this Captain McCluskey who broke Mike's jaw. He's definitely on Sollozzo's payroll, and for big money. McCluskey's agreed to be the Turk's bodyguard. What you have to understand is that while Sollozzo is guarded like this, he's invulnerable. Nobody has ever gunned down a New York Police Captain. Never. It would be disastrous. All the five families would come after you Sonny; the Corleone family would be outcasts; even the old man's political protection would run for cover. So just...take that into consideration.
SONNY: McCluskey can't stay with the Turk forever. We'll wait.
MICHAEL: We can't wait. No matter what Sollozzo say about a deal, he's figuring out how to kill Pop. You have to get Sollozzo now.
SONNY: The kid's right.
HAGEN: What about McCluskey?
MICHAEL: Let's say now that we have to kill McCluskey. We'll clear that up through our Newspaper contacts later.
SONNY: Go on Mike.
MICHAEL: They want me to go to the conference with Sollozzo. Set up the meeting for two days from now. Sonny, get our informers to find out where the meeting will be held. Insist it has to be a public place: a bar or restaurant at the height of the dinner hour. So I'll feel safe. They'll check me when I meet them so I won't be able to carry a weapon; but Clemenza, figure out a way to have one planted there for me. Then I'll kill them both.