BURNS: Where do you think you're going?
HILDY: Let go o' me! I've got to get Bruce out of jail! Oh, Walter, why did you have to do this to me?
BURNS: Get Bruce out of jail! How can you worry about a man who's resting comfortably in a quiet police station while this is going on? Hildy, this is war! You can't desert now!
HILDY: Oh, get off that trapeze! There's your story! Smear it all over the front page -- Earl Williams caught by the Morning Post! And take all the credit -- I covered your story for you and I got myself in a fine mess doing it -- and now I'm getting out! I know I told you that twice before today -- but this time I mean it!
BURNS: You drooling idiot! What do you mean, you're getting out! There are three hundred and sixty-five days in the year one can get married -- but how many times have you got a murderer locked up in a desk? -- Once in a lifetime! Hildy, you've got the whole city by the seat of the pants!
HILDY: I know, but --
BURNS: You know! You've got the brain of a pancake! That wasn't just a story you covered -- it was a revolution! Hildy! This is the greatest yarn in journalism since Livingstone discovered Stanley for the New York Herald!
HILDY: Wait a minute -- wasn't it Stanley who discovered Livingstone?
BURNS: Don't get technical at a time like this! Do you realize what you've done? You've taken a city that's been graft-ridden for forty years under the same old gang and with this yarn you're kicking 'em out and giving us a chance to have the same kind of government that New York's having under La Guardia! We'll make such monkeys out of these ward-heelers next Tuesday that nobody'll vote for them -- not even their wives!
HILDY: I'd like to think.
BURNS: Well, think it then, because it's true! We'll crucify that mob. We're going to keep Williams under cover till morning so the Post can break the story exclusive. Then we'll let the Governor in on the capture -- share the glory with him.
HILDY: I get it!
BURNS: You've kicked over the whole City Hall like an apple-cart. You've got the Mayor and Hartman backed against a wall. You've put one administration out and another in. This isn't a newspaper story -- it's a career! And you stand there belly-aching about whether you catch an eight o'clock train or a nine o'clock train! Still a doll-faced mugg! That's all you are.
HILDY: Let me get at that typewriter and I'll show you how a doll-faced mugg can write!
BURNS: Attagirl! Why, they'll be naming streets after you -- Hildy Johnson Street! There'll be statues of you in the parks, Hildy. The radio'll be after you -- the movies! By tomorrow morning I'll betcha there's a Hildy Johnson cigar! I can see the billboards now. Light up with Hildy Johnson!
HILDY: Whoa -- wait a minute. We can't leave Williams here. One of the other fellows'll --
BURNS: We're going to take him over to my private office. Where's our phone?
HILDY: That one -- how you gonna take him? They'll see him.
BURNS: Not if he's inside the desk. We'll carry the desk over. Give me Duffy!
HILDY: You can't take that desk out. It's crawling with cops outside.
BURNS: We'll lower it out of the window with pulleys. Quit stallin'.
BURNS: Hildy!
HILDY: Huh!
BURNS: Get the lead out of your typewriter and start pounding out a load, will you? Snap into it!
HILDY: How much do you want on it?
BURNS: All the words you've got.
HILDY: Where's some paper?