ALEXANDER: Well, that is a very interesting idea, General Kutusov, but I can assure you that Napoleon is no beginner at this. Whatever analysis you have done on this situation, I am sure that he has gone over the same ground.
GENERAL KUTUSOV: I have no doubt that he has, Your Majesty, but does he have any strong moves from which to choose?
ALEXANDER: Well, one thing immediately comes to mind, if what you are saying is true -- he would merely withdraw his army from Moscow and return to Poland for the winter.
GENERAL KUTUSOV: Your Majesty has grasped the outlines of his problem in much less time than it took me. This is a crucial point -- and it is a political one, which Your Majesty will be in a far better position to answer than I. Can Napoleon afford to abandon Moscow without signing even the preliminaries of a peace treaty with you?
ALEXANDER: I must confess he would look a bit silly, fighting his way to Moscow and turning right around again.
GENERAL KUTUSOV: Perhaps it would be even more serious than that, Your Majesty. His European confederation is held together by some very slender threads. Your Majesty knows even better than I that Austria and Prussia are very doubtful allies, and the Emperor has reason enough to fear that they will turn on him, at the first sign of weakness.
ALEXANDER: Proceed.
GENERAL KUTUSOV: If I can presume to go into the Emperor's mind, I believe that he has based his entire campaign strategy on obtaining a peace treaty after the fall of Moscow. When Vienna fell, there was a peace treaty. When Berlin fell, another treaty. That has always been the rules of the game. But what is he to do now if no treaty is forth- coming? He knows that beyond Moscow, there is nothing, and that, if he withdraws, there remains only a fall into emptiness.
ALEXANDER: What do you think Napoleon will do?
GENERAL KUTUSOV: I, personally, am convinced that he will withdraw his army from Moscow, and attempt to establish himself in Poland for the winter. In the end, he will not allow himself to be cut off from Paris. But I believe that if he is offered any encouragement, by Your Majesty, he will postpone this decision as long as possible. He is a gambler and he will trust to his luck.
GENERAL KUTUSOV: If he withdraws his army in good order, it will be a serious political defeat. But, if he should be caught on the move, with his army, in the full grip of winter, then it will be a catastrophe. If Your Majesty can prolong his hopes for a treaty by silence, be deceit, by any means, for another month, thus postponing his departure, then the graves of his army are already dug in the soil of Russia.
ALEXANDER: General Kutusov, I would like to call a meeting of my cabinet tomorrow morning and have you present this idea to them. I think it has merit and is worthy of consideration.
GENERAL KUTUSOV: I am at your disposal, Your Majesty.