ORDELL: That's all?
MAX: I have a bond receipt for you to sign.
ORDELL: You know what the fuck I'm talkin' about. You talk to her?
MAX: She wants to give you your money. If she didn't, there'd be cops batter- ramming the door right now.
ORDELL: How'd you find me?
MAX: Winston found you.
ORDELL: How the fuck did he find me?
MAX: That's what Winston does. He finds people who don't want to be found.
ORDELL: Well, bully for that nigga. You say she wants to give me the money, huh?
MAX: Uh-huh.
ORDELL: Well, give it to me then.
MAX: She wants to give it to you herself and collect her ten percent. She also wants to explain why she had to hold on to it.
ORDELL: I'd like to hear that too. Turn around and put your hands on your head.
MAX: Jackie didn't trust Melanie. She'd already tried to get Jackie to go in with her, split the half million amongst themselves. What she did was take quite a risk to see you get your money.
ORDELL: Lift up your pant leg. You help her?
MAX: All I did was walk out with it.
ORDELL: And you did that to protect my interest?
MAX: In a way, yes.
ORDELL: My ass be dumb, but I'm not a dumbass. Go sit over there on the couch.
MAX: This place stinks.
ORDELL: You get used to it after a while. Now tell me where my money's at.
MAX: My office.
ORDELL: And where's Jackie?
MAX: She's been there since Thursday night.
ORDELL: She wanted to see me, why wasn't she home?
MAX: She was afraid.
ORDELL: That I gotta see.
MAX: She still is. She doesn't want to get shot before she can tell you what happened.
ORDELL: Have her bring the money here.
MAX: It's in the safe. She can't get at it.
ORDELL: Call her, tell her the combination.
MAX: I'm telling you, you got her spooked. She won't leave there till you have your money and you're gone.
ORDELL: You expect me to just walk in there?
MAX: If she wanted to set you up, you'd be in custody right now. When you said you'd name her as an accessory she believed you. That scares her more than anything.
ORDELL: That's why she's givin' up my money huh? Not that bullshit about Melanie. I didn't trust her ass neither, but I knew how to handle her. She was my blonde-headed little surfer gal. I fuckin' told Louis he could've just given her a punch in the mouth, he didn't need to shoot her. She's at your office.
MAX: Uh-huh.
ORDELL: By herself. That big mandingo nigga Winston ain't there, is he?
MAX: She's all alone.
ORDELL: I call your office, she better answer the phone.
MAX: She will.