SNYDER: What is this? I got work to do.
POLK: Sit down and shut up, will ya. Try not to live up to all my expectations. We were told you know a hustle artist named Johnny Hooker.
POLK: Do ya know him or don't ya?
SNYDER: Yeh, but I don't know where he is.
POLK: Well we do. He's chummin' around with a Big C named Henry Gondorff. Ring any bells?
SNYDER: Sure. Every bunco man in the country knows Gondorff.
POLK: There's word he's gonna run a con on the North Side here. We got a year-old Florida warrant on him, but it's a thin beef, and he can beat it in court unless we catch him cold. All we want you to do is pick up Hooker for us.
SNYDER: Why don't you pick him up yourself?
POLK: Cause the stoolies are used to street dicks jumpin' him. If word gets around that Feds are in on it too, Gondorff'll fold up the whole thing.
SNYDER: Wouldn't that be too bad. You'd hafta move outa this nice office ya got.
POLK: Don't crack wise to me, flatfoot. I spent a lotta time in dumps like this, eatin' Gondorff's dust while the bunco squad gets rich tippin' him off. But it's not gonna happen this time. We're not even gonna let the police know we're here. If you keep your mouth shut and do a job, there'll be a promotion in it for ya. And you better take it, cause I can make ya work for us without it.
SNYDER: What the hell good is Hooker to ya?
POLK: He's gonna set up Gondorff for us.
SNYDER: He'll never do it.
POLK: I think he will.
SINGLETON: Visitation is still up by two at the three-quarters. Single Action second, Fasanella third.
BILLIE: What's the line on Visitation?
SINGLETON: 7 to 2. That ain't bad.
BILLIE: He'll probably fall down.
GONDORFF: How ya doin'?
SINGLETON: Nothin' yet. I got a good one on the lead at Hialeah, but he's fadin'.
BILLIE: Best we had was Cat's Eye in the second at Del Mar, and he was only 5-2. Not many longshots comin' in today.
SINGLETON: Billie. You ready?
BILLIE: Yeh, go ahead.
SINGLETON: At the finish, it's Single Action by two, Fasanella second, Visitation third. Line on Single Action... 3 to 2. Hell with it, that's no good.