KILLAINE: Remember that time, didn't I? Good morning Mrs. West. Does your visit here mean you've changed your mind?
MARGO: How did you know? Clarendon. You cops never tell anybody anything, do you.
KILLAINE: Other people always know so much more than we know--so much more than they're willing to tell us.
MARGO: It was Clarendon. He knew I had the gun in my bag.
MARGO: You couldn't possible have traced it this soon--not possibly.
KILLAINE: Of course not. Thanks for telling me. I haven't seen Mr. Clarendon.
MARGO: I am a fool.
KILLAINE: That depends upon your motive. You were in love with Mitchell, weren't you?
MARGO: Yes--and he's already becoming vague to me. Funny! Last night I was furiously jealous. Jealous of what? I out that gun in my bag deliberately. Who was I going to kill with it? A girl I didn't even know? A man I knew to be a thief and a forger? A half-man? A gigolo? It's already ludicrous. Love! What a comedy!
KILLAINE: You didn't play it for laughs last night.
MARGO: Did you ever have a serious operation?
KILLAINE: Mortar shells are not funny, either.
MARGO: At first, it doesn't hurt at all. That's shock. Then it hurts terribly--you wouldn't believe such pain could exist--and six months later you can't remember what pain felt like. It hasn't taken six months this time. It hasn't even taken twenty- four hours. Is that a beastly thing to say?
KILLAINE: Not if it clears the air.
MARGO: It does. May I go now?
KILLAINE: I'll investigate Mr. Clarendon's financial position--
MARGO: I don't understand.
KILLAINE: Perhaps a rich widow would have solved all his problems.
MARGO: Now, you're being beastly.
KILLAINE: Sure. You didn't come here in person just to tell me about the gun. You wanted me to be looking across the desk at you while you talked about Mitchell. If I believe you, it would be psychologically impossible for you to have killed him last night.
MARGO: And if you didn't believe me?
KILLAINE: You would still have planted information that Clarendon knew about the gun--and not as an accusation, but in the process of defending yourself by making a confession. Very neat. Good morning, Mrs. West.