KAREN: Now who's show up at this hour? It's time people went home - hold that coat up... ... whose is it?
EVE: Some Hollywood movie star, her plane got in late.
KAREN: Discouraging, isn't it? Women with furs like that where it never gets cold...
EVE: Hollywood.
KAREN: Tell me, Eve - how are things with you? Happy?
EVE: There should be a new word for happiness. Being here with Miss Channing has been - I just can't say, she's been so wonderful, done so much for me-
KAREN: Lloyd says Margo compensates for underplaying on the stage by overplaying reality... ... next to that sable, my new mink seems like an old bedjacket... ... you've done your share, Eve. You've worked wonders with Margo...
EVE: Mrs. Richards.
KAREN: Karen.
EVE: Karen... ... isn't it awful, I'm about to ask you for another favor - after all you've already done.
KAREN: Nobody's done so much, Eve, you've got to stop thinking of yourself as one of the Hundred Neediest Cases... what is it?
EVE: Well... Miss Channing's affairs are in such good shape... there isn't enough to keep me as busy as I should be, really - not that I've ever considered anything that would take me away from her... but the other day - when I heard Mr. Fabian tell Miss Channing that her understudy was going to have a baby, and they'd have to replace her...
KAREN: ... you want to be Margo's new understudy.
EVE: I don't let myself think about it, even- - but I do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl- - but suppose I had to go on one night? To an audience that came to see Margo Channing. No, I couldn't possibly...
KAREN: Don't worry too much about that. Margo just doesn't miss performances. If she can walk, crawl or roll - she plays.
EVE: The show must go on.
KAREN: No, dear. Margo must go on. As a matter of fact, I see no reason why you shouldn't be Margo's understudy...
EVE: Do you think Miss Channing would approve?
KAREN: I think she would cheer.
EVE: But Mr. Richards and Mr. Sampson-
KAREN: They'll do as they're told.
EVE: Then - would you talk to Mr. Fabian about it?
KAREN: Of course.
EVE: You won't forget it?
KAREN: I won't forget.
EVE: I seem to be forever thanking you for something, don't I?
BIRDIE: The bed looks like a dead animal act. Which one is sables?
KAREN: But she just got here...
BIRDIE: She's on her way. With half the men in the joint. It's only a fur coat...
KAREN: What did you expect - live sables?
BIRDIE: A diamond collar, gold sleeves - you know, picture people...
KAREN: Bill says actors out there eat just as infrequently as here-
BIRDIE: They can always grab oranges off trees. This you can't do in Times Square...
ADDISON: Every now and then, some elder statesman of the Theater or cinema assures the public that actors and actresses are just plain folk. Ignoring the fact that their greatest attraction to the public is their complete lack of resemblance to normal human beings.
MISS CASWELL: Now there's something a girl could make sacrifices for.