CARTER: So what do you do?
STECKLER: I'm a dentist
CARTER: And how long have you been a dentist?
STECKLER: Oh, about six years since I graduated
CARTER: And how many people have you killed?
STECKLER: I don't know
CARTER: You don't know?
STECKLER: No - the police say I've killed fourteen - but I've not - I've killed many more. It amazes me how they just haven't found the bodies. What is society coming to when people just don't get missed. I agree, some of them are well hidden - I probably couldn't even show you where I put them - one girl, number eight I think the press called it - she wasn't even mine - I don't know who did it but I didn't
CARTER: Where do you kill them...
STECKLER: Oh anywhere - whenever I needed to - Do you know how easy it is to take them? You just pick up a hiker, or someone off the streets - they believe so easily you know, 'Look, I have something to show you' I would say - and that would be it. One girl, I think her name is Debbie - she had broken down on the motorway, and I offered to take her to a service station to call for a tow truck - She just got in and I drove away. When I pulled into the layby and took out my knife - she just froze, and said - what do you want? - I said, You know what I want. - But she didn't. Getting rid of the bodies is just as easy - the first I cut up, put in bags with bricks in, and tossed them off Eldridge Bridge in broad daylight. The real problem with my work is the blood - there is so much of it - and it all spurts out so fast - like a fountain. It made such a mess of
STECKLER: my car I stopped working from my car. She could have stopped me you know - If she really wanted too. That is the difference between the confusion of humanity and the purity of the beast - If a dog attacked you - you could easily kill it without any damage to yourself - Why then do people get bitten by dogs - savaged? Why?
CARTER: I don't know
STECKLER: Because a dog will attack with a ferocity and force that we poses, but centuries of social contamination has run it out of us - that is what sets us aside from the purity of the beasts...Society is rotting - men who once were strong and kept everything working are getting soft - women are making them soft - by the time a pretty girl has reached twenty - she has had three lifetimes worth of fun and attention- so she doesn't deserve any more -
CARTER: Didn't DEBBIE deserve anymore?
STECKLER: No she didn't...
CARTER: What did you do with her?
STECKLER: You know everyone accuses me of being sick - the press, the TV - but I'm not you know - they are - I don't watch it for entertainment every night - I don't sit and watch it whilst eating my dinner - they all say, how could he cut her up? She was dead - I can't hurt something dead - And all this whilst they slobber down their processed beef burgers by the dozen - I couldn't eat one of those burgers, you don't know what has gone in them!
CARTER: The press think that the WHITE ANGEL is a woman - why is that? Do you dress up LESLIE?
STECKLER: I don't want to talk about it -
CARTER: OK, the press call you the WHITE ANGLE because you only kill girls wearing white - why white - white clothes, blonde hair...
STECKLER: I don't know...
CARTER: Is 'their' colour an expression of their inner self? By that I mean, extroverts wear bright colours - so what are people who wear white?
STECKLER: I don't know...
CARTER: Is white an expression of innocence? Do you crave innocence LESLIE?
STECKLER: Let me ask you, why do you wear black ELLEN CARTER? What are you running from?
CARTER: Do you feel sorry for the girls you have killed
STECKLER: Why should I feel sorry - they're dead.