JERRY: Really? Huh, I thought for sure you'd say Lynette Fromme. She's got that snooty vibe I know you dig.
BILL: Sqeaky! No way, she ain't that hot.
JERRY: She's pretty cute.
BILL: Yeah but, she reminds me of this chick that I remember from fourth grade... called a... shit, what did we call her? Oh yeah, Patty Pee-pee Pants... when ever she got called on by Miss Chumski, this chick would piss in her pants and start bawling.
JERRY: There always one kid with no bodily controls. We had this dude, Jeff Baxter, he was a puker. The fucker would just sit there puke all over himself.
BILL: Better than pissing... anyway so, what's your choice?
JERRY: If we're talking cute... like regular cute, I'd say Leslie Van Houton, but cute ain't hot.
BILL: Yeah, no shit.
JERRY: As far a hot... goes I gotta go with... Ruth Ann Moorehouse.
BILL: Oh yeah, I forgot about her. She was pretty hot.
JERRY: Fuck yeah, she is. I'd join a cult to get some of that... and the best part is she didn't try to kill the President or nothing, so that baggage ain't hanging around.
BILL: I thought she tried to murder a witness for the prosecution.
JERRY: I'll let it slide, she was only seventeen.
BILL: Dude, talk about baggage, that ain't no carry-on shit, that's some heavy duty Samsonite shit.
JERRY: Yeah, I guess... hot chicks are always nuts.
BILL: Hot has got nothing to do with it.
BILL: Hold on, I've heard this before... but I can't remember the end.
JERRY: So, the guy goes to Hell and the devil says, do you smoke?" The guy say
BILL: Shit, we really need to find some gas.
JERRY: Then the devil asks, do you drink?" Guy says
BILL: Yeah.
JERRY: Then the devil says, are you gay?" Guy says
BILL: Oh yeah, I remember now.
JERRY: Yeah, no shit I just told ya. Hey, you think this place called Alien Ed's UFO Welcoming Center is still around? It says, Where the Fact is separated from the Fantasy.""
BILL: I dunno... we'll ask around as we get closer. Man, I really don't want to run out of gas out here in the middle of Petticoat Junction, man.
JERRY: Don't panic yourself, way too much caffeine guy... I see a sign. Captain Spaulding's Museum of Madmen and Monsters... cool. Also... fried chicken and... gasoline... next exit.
BILL: Perfect.
JERRY: I hope this place is cool. We could use something interesting to liven up chapter 12.
BILL: I'll pump the gas. Go inside and see if it's worth thinking about.
JERRY: OK, Boss.
JERRY: Holy crap. You gotta see this place. It's awesome.
BILL: How awesome?
JERRY: Really fucking awesome.
BILL: Wake up the chicks and bust out the camera awesome?
JERRY: Hell yeah.