DARRELL: Hey there. I was beginnin' to think you wasn't comin' back... You don't look so good.
BOBBY: Yeah, well, I've been around the bend a bit.
DARRELL: One of those days you feel like you been runnin' in circles and you ain't no closer to where you tryin' to get than when you started?
BOBBY: You've been there?
DARRELL: Hell, I've had days I would gladly trade with a whippin' dog. Ain't much you can do when you feel like that 'cept tough it out.
BOBBY: You believe that?
DARRELL: You think bad, and bad is what you get.
BOBBY: That's a good piece of advice, Darrell.
DARRELL: No charge.
BOBBY: Listen, Darrell, about that hundred-fifty bucks for the car, as soon as I get where I'm going I swear I'll--
DARRELL: Two-hundred.
BOBBY: What?
DARRELL: It's going to cost you two-hundred dollars.
BOBBY: You said this morning the hose was going to run me one-fifty.
DARRELL: Yep. For the hose. But while you was gone I replaced a gasket. That's going to run you another fifty.
BOBBY: I didn't tell you to replace any gasket.
DARRELL: Yeah, but it was shot.
BOBBY: I don't give a fuck! I didn't tell you to do it! You can't just do unauthorized work.
DARRELL: Well, now, you just know all there is about bein' a mechanic, don't you? Didn't you read the sign.
BOBBY: What sign?
DARRELL: The goddamn sign on the wall. I can't do unauthorized work? What am I suppose to do? Just let you ride out of here with a bad gasket. Then you get in an accident and get killed. Or worse. Who they gonna blame then? They gonna blame me, and there goes my reputation.
BOBBY: What reputation? You're nothing but an ignorant, inbred, tumbleweed hick.
DARRELL: Is that an insult? Are you insulting me.
BOBBY: Listen you stupid fuck, I want my car.
DARRELL: Listen to me you sorry sonufabitch. You owe me money, and this car ain't going nowheres until I get it. And if you take another five hours I'll find another fifty dollars worth of work to do on it. Is that clear? Now get out of here 'fore I call the Sheriff, <u>who knows me</u>.