DEBORAH: I’m really sorry you were not called...
LOMBARD: You’re repeating yourself, Mrs De Moraes.
DEBORAH: I... Well, we’re burying Leon tomorrow and... Look, I wish I had more time, but it’s late and with the funeral...
LOMBARD: Aren’t you curious to know about Friedman?
DEBORAH: I... If you don’t mind, I do not think he matters now. It... Things turned out to be as we thought; Leon was weak. There’s no point in delving into his sad life anymore. Now, will you please tell me how much we owe you?
LOMBARD: Black suits you.
DEBORAH: Sorry?
LOMBARD: What’s in the bag? Underwear? To seduce your husband? Or is it for your own recreation? Tell me, how come such a handsome couple sleep in seperate bedrooms? Is it because he does it with little children?
LOMBARD: Or is it the other way round? The children are needed because you can’t satisfy him?
DEBORAH: You... You are out of order, Mr Lombard. I...
LOMBARD: You what, Mrs De Moraes? YOU WHAT?
LOMBARD: How did you break into my office, Deborah? Ladies of your standing don’t learn to pick locks between shopping trips. Come on, Deborah! Acting dumb doesn’t suit you! Who knew I’d found dirt on your brother, huh? Who knew it was in an envelope? Taking me for dead, who’d want to make sure it didn’t fall into the wrong hands?
DEBORAH: You’re mad...
LOMBARD: I’ve had a long and unpleasant day. I’m tired and I’m angry. But mad? Not yet. I paid Leon’s boy a visit this morning. Found him alive and well. Why haven’t you told your husband where he is since reading my note, eh?
DEBORAH: Why... I don’t know what you’re talking about.
LOMBARD: You know he’d have had him killed, don’t you? Does a conscience still burn somewhere inside your sore mind, Deborah? Or is it just cold expediency? Could the boy perhaps come in useful when and if the day ever comes for you to face up to the man you married?
DEBORAH: Have you finished?
LOMBARD: When did you learn about his taste for kids, huh? On your honeymoon? Or was it later, when bitterness set in and you turned against your beloved but weak little brother? How did you find out? Did he confess? Try to convert you perhaps? Or was it woman’s intuition? Or just the way he fucked you?
DEBORAH: You do have a vivid imagination, Mr Lombard. I only wish you’d use it fruitfully instead of in being obnoxious. I fail to understand your purpose in this. Still, say what you’re owed if you still wish to be paid or get out, all right?
LOMBARD: I guess the news you’d sent me after Friedman didn’t go down too well, eh?