LOU: How's it look, Marge?
MARGE: Well, he's got his gun on his hip there, and he looks like a nice enough guy. It's a real shame.
LOU: Yah.
MARGE: You haven't monkeyed with his car there, have ya?
LOU: No way.
MARGE: Somebody shut his lights. I guess the little guy sat in there, waitin' for his buddy t'come back.
LOU: Yah, woulda been cold out here.
MARGE: Heck, yah. Ya think, is Dave open yet?
LOU: You don't think he's mixed up in -
MARGE: No, no, I just wanna get Norm some night crawlers.
MARGE: You look in his citation book?
LOU: Yah...
LOU: ...Last vehicle he wrote in was a tan Ciera at 2:18 a.m. Under the plate number he put DLR - I figure they stopped him or shot him before he could finish fillin' out the tag number.
MARGE: Uh-huh.
LOU: So I got the state lookin' for a Ciera with a tag startin' DLR. They don't got no match yet.
MARGE: I'm not sure I agree with you a hunnert percent on your policework, there, Lou.
LOU: Yah?
MARGE: Yah, I think that vehicle there probly had dealer plates. DLR?
LOU: Oh...
LOU: ...Geez.
MARGE: Yah. Say, Lou, ya hear the one about the guy who couldn't afford personalized plates, so he went and changed his name to J2L 4685?
LOU: Yah, that's a good one.
MARGE: Yah.
WADE: - All's I know is, ya got a problem, ya call a professional!
JERRY: No! They said no cops! They were darned clear on that, Wade! They said you call the cops and we -
WADE: Well, a course they're gonna say that! But where's my protection? They got Jean here! I give these sons a bitches a million dollars, where's my guarantee they're gonna let her go.
JERRY: Well, they -
WADE: A million dollars is a lot a damn money! And there they are, they got my daughter!
JERRY: Yah, but think this thing through here, Wade. Ya give 'em what they want, why wont' they let her go? You gotta listen to me on this one, Wade.
WADE: Heck, you don't know! You're just whistlin' Dixie here! I'm sayin', the cops, they can advise us on this! I'm sayin' call a professional!
JERRY: No! No cops! That's final! This is my deal here, Wade! Jean is my wife here!
STAN: I gotta tell ya, Wade, I'm leanin' to Jerry's viewpoint here.
WADE: Well -
STAN: We gotta protect Jean. These - we're not holdin' any cards here, Wade, they got all of 'em. So they call the shots.
JERRY: You're darned tootin'!
WADE: Ah, dammit!
STAN: I'm tellin' ya.
WADE: Well... Why don't we...
WADE: ... Stan, I'm thinkin' we should offer 'em half a million.
JERRY: Now come on here, no way, Wade! No way!
STAN: We're not horse-trading here, Wade, we just gotta bite the bullet on this thing.
JERRY: Yah!
STAN: What's the next step here, Jerry?
JERRY: They're gonna call, give me instructions for a drop. I'm supposed to have the money ready tomorrow.