EDIE: You know how the Sisters are.
TERRY: You training to be a nun or something?
EDIE: It's a regular college. It's just run by the nuns. The Sisters of St. Anne.
TERRY: And you spend all your time just learning stuff, huh?
EDIE: I want to be a teacher.
TERRY: A teacher! Dong!!! You know I admire brains. Take my brother Charley. He's very brainy. Very.
EDIE: It isn't brains. It's how you use them.
TERRY: Yeah. Yeah. I get your thought. You know I seen you lots of times before. Parochial school on Pulaski Street? Seven, eight years ago? Your hair come down in—
EDIE: In braids? That's right.
TERRY: Looked like two pieces of rope. And your teeth were—
EDIE: I know. I thought I'd never get those braces off.
TERRY: Man, you were a mess!
EDIE: I can get home all right from here—
TERRY: The thought I'm tryin' to get over is you grew up beauteeful. Remember me?
EDIE: The moment I saw you.
TERRY: Some people got faces that stick in your mind.
EDIE: I remember you were in trouble all the time.
TERRY: Now you got me! It's a wonder I wasn't punchy by the time I was twelve. The rulers those Sisters used to whack me with! They thought they could beat an education into me—I foxed 'em.
EDIE: Maybe they just didn't know how to handle you.
TERRY: How would you've done it?
EDIE: With a little more patience and kindness. That's what makes people mean and difficult. Nobody cares enough about them.
EDIE: What's that?
TERRY: Pardon me while I reach for my beads.
EDIE: What?
TERRY: What-what? Where you been the last four five years? Outer space?
EDIE: When Mother died Pop sent me out to school in the country. He was afraid with no one home I'd— get into bad company.
TERRY: Well he played it smart. Too many good-for-nothin's around here. All they got on their mind's a little beer, a little pool, a little— I better get you home.
TERRY: Boy, they sure fly nice, don't they?
EDIE: Do you like pigeons?
TERRY: That's my own flock up there, getting their evening workout. I won plenty of races with 'em. Listen, you want to see them? Come up on the roof with me and I'll show 'em to you.
EDIE: I'd better go in.
TERRY: I only live up there and across the roof.
EDIE: Thanks anyway.
TERRY: Listen, Edie, am I going to see you again?
EDIE: What for?
TERRY: I don't know.
EDIE: I really don't know.
MRS. COLLINS: You got some nerve.
TERRY: What do you mean?
MRS. COLLINS: You know what I mean. Leave her alone.
TERRY: I was only talkin' to her.
MRS. COLLINS: She's off limits for bums like you. Leave her alone.
TERRY: I can look at her, can't I? It's a free country.
MRS. COLLINS: Not that free.
POP: You're all packed. And here's your bus ticket. You're on your way back to St. Anne's.
EDIE: Pop, I'm not ready to go back yet.
POP: Edie, for years we pushed quarters into a cookie jar, to keep you up there with the Sisters, and to keep you from things like I just seen out the window. My own daughter arm-in-arm with Terry Malloy. You know who Terry Malloy is?
EDIE: Who is he, Pop?
POP: Who is he! Edie, you're so softhearted and soft-headed you wouldn't recognize the devil if he had you by the throat. You know who this Terry Malloy is? The kid brother of Charlie the Gent, Johnny Friendly's right hand, a butcher in a camel hair coat.
EDIE: Are you trying to tell me Terry is too?
POP: I'm not trying to tell you he's Little Lord Fauntleroy.
EDIE: He tries to act tough, but there's a look in his eyes that... .
POP: A look in his eyes! Hold your hats, brother, here we go again. You think he's one of those cases you're always draggin' in and feelin' sorry for. Like the litter of kittens you had—the only one she wants to keep has six toes and it's cockeyed to boot. Look at him. The bum! And the crush you had on that little Abyssinian... .
EDIE: He wasn't Abyssinian, Pop, Assyrian... .
POP: Six-toed cats. Assyrians. Abyssinians. It's the same difference. Well don't think this Terry Malloy is any six-toed cockeyed Assyrian. He's a bum. Charley and Johnny Friendly owned him when he was a fighter and when they ring the bell he still goes into action.
EDIE: He wanted to see me again.
POP: You think we kept you out in Tarrytown just to have you go walkin' with a corner saloon hoodlum like Terry Malloy? Now get back to Tarrytown, before I put a strap to you.
EDIE: And learn about charity and justice and all the other things people would rather talk about than practice? Pop goes up to her and holds out his two arms, his right one closer to Edie; he trembles with emotion.
POP: See this arm? It's two inches longer 'n the other one. That's years of workin' and sweatin', liftin' and swingin' a hook. And every time I heisted a box or a coffee bag I says to myself—this is for Edie, so she can be a teacher or somethin' decent. I promised your mother. You better not let her down.
EDIE: Pop, don't think I'm not feeling grateful for all you've done to get me an education and shelter me from this. But now my eyes are open. I see things I know are so wrong how can I go back and keep my mind on things that are only in books and that people aren't living? I'm staying, Pop. And I'm going to keep on trying to find out who's guilty for Joey. I'd walk home with a dozen Terry Malloys if I thought they could help me. I tell you I'm staying, Pop. Pop starts to pull his belt out of his trousers.
POP: You are like—
EDIE: Pop!