GASTON: Your breakfast, monsieur.
LEON: I don't feel like any breakfast.
SWANA: Nonsense. How can you fight the Reds and make yourself agreeable to the Whites if you don't keep up your strength.
GASTON: Shall I draw your bath, sir?
LEON: Make it ice cold.
SWANA: Not in your condition. Make it tepid, Gaston... tepid and tender. And lay out his gray suit. Afterwards I'll drive you through the Bois. Slowly... in Waltz time.
GASTON: A blue shirt, perhaps?
SWANA: Blue? Let's offset his mood. Find a striped one, and brighten it with a great blaze of tie.
GASTON: Very well, Your Highness.
SWANA: Now... here we have two very handsome soft-boiled eggs. Do you suppose hens mind what happens to their eggs? Probably not. They have such unfeeling eyes. We'll put in a great nugget of butter, plenty of pepper and salt... Darling, I haven't seen you for three livelong days... seventy-two hours!
LEON: Oh, please, Swana! I don't know whether I'm standing on my head or my heels. Here you are blaming me for neglecting you when I'm trying to concentrate on another woman and can't get near her.
SWANA: You haven't seen her yet?
LEON: No, and believe me I've tried everything! I must have telephoned her a hundred times. I've sent her telegrams, I've sent her flowers... I asked her to dinner... I offered her seats for the Opera...
SWANA: That proletarian! In the old days we'd have had her flogged.
LEON: That wouldn't have done any good. Not with her. She's the most incredible creature I've ever seen.
SWANA: You just told me you hadn't seen her.
LEON: Well... er... I caught a glimpse of her when she walked through the lobby.
SWANA: Imagine the carpets of a self- respecting Parisian hotel dirtied by the boots of a muzhik! What does she look like?
LEON: You can't imagine.
SWANA: That bad? Old or young?
LEON: Timeless. When she comes into a room you'd think that the Bolsheviks had taken over Paris. She wears her cheap miserable blouse as though it were the latest model by Schiaparelli. What a woman! What a woman! There is a Russian snowstorm in each of her eyes.
SWANA: You saw all that in one glimpse?
LEON: Darling, if we're going to get anywhere someone has to keep his eyes open!
SWANA: Now, darling, soak in your beautiful pine bath and let Gaston shave you.