JAMES: Hello.
TOM: Hello.
JAMES: I'm waiting for your mother.
TOM: She said awfully sorry, make yourself comfortable, she won't be long. .
JAMES: Thanks.
TOM: Why not sit down and wait?
JAMES: Okay, I will.
TOM: She's not my mother, anyway. My mother's in Italy.
JAMES: Oh, I see.
TOM: Have you come to talk about me?
JAMES: Not at all. History.
TOM: What period?
JAMES: Suez. 1956.
TOM: Do you want to hear my list of English Kings and Queens?
JAMES: All right.
TOM: It goes from Henry VIII. Henry VIII, Edward IV, Mary, Elizabeth I, James I, Charles I, Charles II, James II, William and Mary, Ann, George I, II, III and IV, Victoria, Edward VII, George V, Edward VIII, George IV, Elizabeth II.
JAMES: What about the Cromwells?
TOM: They don't count.
ANN: Mr. Penfield. I am sorry to have kept you.
JAMES: It's kind of you to see me.
ANN: Tom, Daddy would like to see you in the garden. And will you ask Betty to bring us some coffee. And remember to say 'please'.
ANN: He's a little unhappy. I hope he wasn't a nuisance?
JAMES: He was delightful.
ANN: My first husband worked for the BBC. I doubt if anyone there remembers him now, just another long dead diligent administrator. He would have been useful in the fight to preserve the BBC's independence during the Suez crisis - one of the few things he was passionate about. I became involved too. I started work on a book that would have been published on the tenth anniversary of Suez. Then he died, and I loots the will to write it. By the time I was over his death, other books had been published, and it wasn't worth going on.
JAMES: What a shame.
ANN: It wasn't much more than a pot boiler.Suez was very important for our generation. I didn't want it to be forgotten. And that's why I'd like to be able to help you. But really Mr. Penfield, I looked through my notes before you came, they're all very much out of date, there's been so much published since. I don't think I'm your man.
JAMES: Well, I am a great admirer of your work. I read your books on Chartism when I was still at school. I'm a journalist, not a historian. There are questions of method, and approach. I wondered--
ANN: I see. Are you a socialist, Mr. Penfield?
JAMES: Yes.
ANN: Good. Suez was a minefield for both parties.
ANN: My husband apologises for not joining us. It's not too cold for you, Mr. Penfield?
JAMES: It's fine, thank you.
ANN: Since you are a friend of my daughter's, I think I'm entitled to call you James, don't you think?
JAMES: Please do. I was beginning to wonder who this Mr. Penfield was.
ANN: And I'd like you to call me Ann.
JAMES: To Ann.
ANN: To James. I remember what it was I was going to say. We were talking about forgetfulness. The Czech writer Kundera has one of his characters say that the struggle of man against tyranny is the struggle of memory against forgetting.
JAMES: History books are first onto the bonfires.
ANN: If we leave the remembering to historians then the struggle is already lost. Everyone must have a memory, everyone needs to be a historian. In this country, for example, we're in danger of losing hard-won freedoms by dozing off in a perpetual present.
ANN: Here I am lecturing you. Have some pâté.
JAMES: Thanks.
JAMES: So I can go ahead and be a historian without feeling like a poseur.I shall be fulfilling a citizen's duty.
ANN: If you like. But don't be too modest, James. The citizen's duty is to remember, not necessarily to write books. You are highly qualified. You're a responsible journalist doing what sounds to me like a very demanding job. Every day you take decisions that depend on your sense of history. A genuine tyranny would have to get rid of people like you.
JAMES: You're kind to be so encouraging.
ANN: I think you'll do very well.