BUDDY: The new girl is here.
MOTHER: Wonderful. What's she like, Brother? What is your impression of her?
BUDDY: She talks a great deal and smiles a lot. She's very pretty, she has a real good figure. She's very girlish or womanish, if you know what I mean. She wouldn't hurt anybody, this girl. She couldn't.
MOTHER: Your impression is very reassuring, Brother. Of course she's had troubles, poor thing, but I sensed that was that the girl was like and I'm glad to have it reconfirmed.
BUDDY: You mean confirmed, Mother. I didn't confirm it before. I would have had to confirm it previously, in order for it to be reconfirmed.
MOTHER: All right, all right. Doll and Waski are upstairs taking their nap, you go get them and bring them down to the living room. Where is the girl?
BUDDY: In the kitchen drinking all the ice water in Glenville. She walked out here, she didn't go by the hotel.
MOTHER: Walked, in all that heat? It's a wonder she hasn't got sunstroke. I'll phone Daddy and you go get Doll Baby and Waski.
MOTHER: Rose, this is Waski. His real name is Warren but we call him Waski. He doesn't like it much and I suppose someday we'll have to stop calling him that.
WASKI: You can stop it right now.
MOTHER: When he was baby we called him Wa Wa
WASKI: Oh, Mother, cut it out.
MOTHER: There are plenty of girls who would give thousands of dollars to have your auburn hair. Beauty is beauty and that's all there is to it. Beauty is there and we have to recognize it. Now Rose, the little girl sitting across from you with the blue eyes is Doll Baby. She looks like an angel and she is an angel, but she can be a naughty angel sometimes, although her father won't believe it. Her real name is Frances, but we call her Dolly or Doll.
DOLL: I don't like that, either, it's worse than Waski. I want to be called Fran.
MOTHER: Daddy wouldn't hear that. Now the redhaired boy you see sitting there, of course you have met him, he is my oldest son and my most brilliant child. All children have great creative powers, but I don't want to rattle on about my children, they say I brag too much about them, especially about Brother. Am I boring you, Rose?
ROSE: Oh, no, ma'am.
MOTHER: Well, it's rather interesting about Brother, actually. I realized the remarkable thing he had when he was six weeks old. He looked at me and understood me, he knew exactly who I was. I know it sounds crazy but it's true. He's very remarkable, he was born for the ministry and could move millions, but he doesn't know that yet. I have to warn you about him, he can be very dangerous, there is an evil streak in him, a streak of pure sheer meanness. But at heart Brother is saintly and that is why he was born for the ministry even if he doesn't know it.