SONDRA: I've thought about it for years. I knew you'd come. And I knew if you did - you'd never leave. Am I forgiven for sending for you?
CONWAY: Forgiven. You know, when we were on that plane, I was fascinated by the way its shadow followed it. That silly shadow racing along over mountains and valleys, covering ten times the distance of the plane. It was always there to greet us with outstretched arms when we landed. And I've been thinking that somehow you're that plane, and I'm that silly shadow. That all my life I've been rushing up and down hills, leaping rivers, crashing over obstacles, never dreaming that one day that beautiful thing in flight would land on this earth and into my arms.
LOVETT: Amazing, Mr. Chang. This place is amazing! And that marble quarry in the valley is simply magnificent. Oh, I've looked around. I've seen everything. Your woodworkers and your cloth-weavers - they all seem so very, very happy.
CHANG: Yes.
LOVETT: You may not know it, Mr. Chang, but right here you have Utopia.[15]
CHANG: You've very kind Mr. Lovett.
LOVETT: I don't mean it in that sense. I only give credit where credit is due. Er, Mr. Chang, I'm very anxious to have you realize that I never for a moment believed that ridiculous kidnapping story.
CHANG: Oh, I'm so glad.
LOVETT: Simply preposterous. Do you know what I did last night? Last night, Mr. Chang, I held a sort of a self- inventory. I said to myself last night, Mr. Chang, I said, Lovey"— Mr. Lovett! "Mr. Lovett
CHANG: Why, no.
LOVETT: Ungrateful fool . . . !" Those were my very words to myself last night. "Here are these people in Shangri-La doing everything in their power to make our stay comfortable and happy and I haven't done one single thing to show my appreciation.""
CHANG: Now, what would you like to do?
LOVETT: Well, Mr. Chang, I thought, with your permission of course, and while I'm waiting for these porters, I would like to organize classes for those children in the valley and teach them something practical and something useful. Geology.
CHANG: Splendid!
LOVETT: Isn't it? Isn't it! You know I was a professor for twenty years? - and a very good one.
CHANG: I'm sure you were. When would you like to start?
LOVETT: Oh, immediately.
CHANG: Then it's done.
LOVETT: Oh, thank you. Thank you!
CHANG: Thank you.
BARNARD: You see? You get the idea? From this reservoir here I can pipe in the whole works. Oh, I'm going to get a great kick out of this. Of course it's just to keep my hand in, but with the equipment we have here, I can put a plumbing system in for the whole village down there. Can rig it up in no time. Do you realize those poor people are still going to the well for water?
CONWAY: It's unbelievable.
BARNARD: Think of it! In times like these.
CONWAY: Say, what about that gold deal?
BARNARD: Huh?
CONWAY: Gold. You were going to—
BARNARD: Oh - that! That can wait. Nobody's going to run off with it. Say, I've got to get busy. I want to show this whole layout to Chang. So long. Don't you take any wooden nickels.
CONWAY: All right.