ELECTRA: Okay. How did you find me?
RATH: You're the computer hacker, you tell me.
ELECTRA: You didn't know anything about me.
ELECTRA: Nikita?
RATH: Yellow Pages. V for veterinarian. There aren't that many.
ELECTRA: You're one of them, aren't you?
RATH: 'Them'?
ELECTRA: An assassin?
RATH: Until a minute ago.
ELECTRA: What does that mean?
RATH: If I still was what I used to be, you would not be pointing that at me.
ELECTRA: Who is that other guy?
RATH: Another contractor.
ELECTRA: Someone hired both of you?
RATH: No. They hired Bain. The contract would have been mine, but Bain took it from me as he took the previous one.
ELECTRA: So this is something between you and him?
RATH: He stole the contract knowing that I would come after him.
ELECTRA: Why?
RATH: Because he is trying to retire me.
ELECTRA: He wants to kill you?
RATH: Yes.
ELECTRA: Why?
RATH: The nature of the business. You remove your competition.
ELECTRA: And you want to use me to get him?
RATH: Yes.
ELECTRA: Forget it!
RATH: We don't have a choice.
ELECTRA: Don't tell me I don't have a choice!
RATH: Right.
ELECTRA: I'm two seconds away from making my choice which means you've got two seconds to tell me why I shouldn't shoot you.
RATH: It's simple. You need me. I need you. And we will both need money.
ELECTRA: I don't need you to get the money -- my money!
RATH: If it hadn't been for me, you would be dead.
ELECTRA: I don't need the money.
RATH: This is something that is never going to end. You can never work in the business again with this contract, because he will find you. To survive, you have to go into deep hiding. And that's going to take money, a lot of money.
ELECTRA: Then you can have the disks and I'll just walk out that door --
RATH: If you walk out that door, Bain will still come after you.
ELECTRA: Why?
RATH: Because he took a contract on you. He'll come for you and he'll find you.
ELECTRA: You don't know that -- you're trying to scare me.
RATH: No. It's the truth. I know what you are. Like me, like Bain, you're a ghost, you're not part of the real world. You don't have a social security number. You don't pay taxes. You've probably used ten different names over the last ten years. A long time ago something probably happened, something illegal and you ran, you disappeared and it was easy. You think you can do it again. But I'm telling you, fading from the law is nothing. No matter what you do, where you go, I swear to you that Bain will find you.
ELECTRA: How?
RATH: Right now, as we sit here, he is tearing through your apartment. He is digging through your drawers, emptying your closets. He will take your telephone and address books, your appointment books. If you keep a diary, he is reading it. He'll go into the kitchen and find out what kind of food you eat, liquor you drink, cigarettes you smoke. In the bathroom he will find any prescription drugs you take and where you get them filled. If you have video tape or recordings he will watch and listen to all of them.
ELECTRA: Oh Jesus Jesus...
RATH: He will know everything about you. Everything. I know, because I've done it. Once you've been inside a mark's home, you're in their head. If you're any good, you'll find the mark in a week, and Bain is good because I was the best and I couldn't take him.