DICK: This shit can't be real.
CLARENCE: It'll get ya high.
CLARENCE: Do you want some wine, sweetheart?
ALABAMA: Nope. I'm not really a wine gal.
DICK: It's fuckin' real! It's fuckin' real!
CLARENCE: I certainly hope so.
DICK: You've got a helluva lotta coke there, man!
CLARENCE: I know.
DICK: Do you have any idea how much fuckin' coke you got?
CLARENCE: Tell me.
DICK: I don't know! A fuckin' lot!
DICK: This is Drexl's coke?
CLARENCE: Drexl's dead. This is Clarence's coke and Clarence can do whatever he wants with it. And what Clarence wants to do is sell it. Then me and Bama are gonna leave on a jet plane and spend the rest of our lives spendin'. So, you got my letter, have you lined up any buyers?
DICK: Look, Clarence, I'm not Joe Cocaine.
CLARENCE: But you're an actor. I hear these Hollywood guys have it delivered to the set.
DICK: Yeah, they do. And maybe when I start being a successful actor I'll know those guys. But most of the people I know are like me. They ain't got a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of. Now, if you want to sell a little bit at a time -
CLARENCE: No way! The whole enchilada in one shot.
DICK: Do you have any idea how difficult that's gonna be?
CLARENCE: I'm offering a half a million dollars worth of white for two hundred thousand. How difficult can that be?
DICK: It's difficult because you're sellin' it to a particular group. Big shots. Fat cats. Guys who can use that kind of quantity. Guys who can afford two hundred thousand. Basically, guys I don't know. You don't know. And, more important, they don't know you. I did talk with one guy who could possibly help you.
CLARENCE: Is he big league?
DICK: He's nothing. He's in my acting class. But he works as an assistant to a very powerful movie producer named Lee Donowitz. I thought Donowitz could be interested in a deal like this. He could use it. He could afford it.
CLARENCE: What'd'ya tell 'em?
DICK: Hardly anything. I wasn't sure from your letter what was bullshit, and what wasn't.
CLARENCE: What's this acting class guy's name?
DICK: Elliot.
CLARENCE: Elliot what?
DICK: Elliot Blitzer.
CLARENCE: OK, call 'im up and arrange a meeting, so we can get through all the getting to know you stuff.
DICK: Where?
CLARENCE: The zoo.
CLARENCE: The zoo. What are you waiting for?
DICK: Would you just shut up a minute and let me think?
CLARENCE: What's to think about?
DICK: Shut up! First you come waltzing into my life after two years. You're married. You killed a guy.
CLARENCE: Two guys.
DICK: Two guys. Now you want me to help you with some big drug deal. Fuck, Clarence, you killed somebody and you're blowin' it off like it don't mean shit.
CLARENCE: Don't expect me to be all broken up over poor Drexl. I think he was a fuckin', freeloadin', parasitic scumbag, and he got exactly what he deserved. I got no pity for a mad dog like that. I think I should get a merit badge or somethin'.