ELLIE: ... I keep telling myself okay, that's just the price, you have to do your time doing shitwork before you're allowed to get to the good stuff... but if I have to catalog one more quasar... God, I've missed you.
PETER: Any luck on the grant money?
ELLIE: Please. Any chance of that died the day David Drumlin was appointed head of the N.S.F. I have been in contact with a few other SETI people; we've been trying to find backing from private investors. I've even managed to scrounge a couple of hours of telescope time here and there...
PETER: And?
ELLIE: I've examined over forty stars of roughly solar spectral type but so far nothing. Still, we've barely started...
ELLIE: ... We've been going after some of the big multi-nationals but without much luck; got a donation from a New York dowager... We've even been thinking about selling T-shirts.
PETER: Ellie... even if you do manage to raise the money, have you thought about what it would really mean to follow through on this? I mean a college fetish is one thing, but we're talking about your career. You won't be publishing. You won't be taken seriously... and you could spend your entire life looking and never find anything at all.
ELLIE: If we lived at any previous time in human history we wouldn't even have the option of failing -- we'd have to wonder our whole lives, unable to do anything about it. This time, right now, is unique in our history, in any civilization's history -- the moment of the acquisition of technology. The moment when contact becomes possible. We've already beaten incredible odds by being lucky enough to be alive now.
PETER: How close are you to getting this funding put together?
ELLIE: It's almost there. The hardest part is getting someone to sell us the telescope time.
PETER: What if I said I could get Drumlin to agree to sell you time in New Mexico?
ELLIE: The V.L.A.?
PETER: Thirty-one linked dishes. You could search more sky there in a day than you could in a year here.
ELLIE: Peter -- if you can get him to do that for me he'd obviously do the same for you -- we could -- !
PETER: Actually --
ELLIE: We could be together again --
PETER: -- I'm moving to Washington.
ELLIE: Greenbank?
PETER: I'm going on staff at the N.S.F. To work for Drumlin.
ELLIE: But what about your research -- ?
PETER: This is a chance to be of enormous help to other people's research -- to have the power to be a real advocate where David's got blind spots --
ELLIE: But the work --
PETER: 'The work,' Jesus, Ellie, can't there just once be more to life than the work? Okay, maybe that's the only way to get the recognition, win the prizes --
ELLIE: Please, you're just as ambitious as I am, more --
PETER: Maybe that's the problem. I want... a family, Ellie. I want kids. A townhouse on L street instead of still living like a college kid. A real life. Maybe that makes me a sellout but I don't care anymore. It's what I want.
ELLIE: And you think I don't want those things? You think I don't stay up half the night wondering if I've made the right choice living half a world away from you, wondering if any of this is worth what I'm giving up for it everyday? Let's get married.
PETER: Jesus --
ELLIE: Right now -- we'll drive down to Ramey and get the base chaplain to marry us.
PETER: Ellie --
ELLIE: I'm serious about this, Peter --
PETER: Ellie -- I'm getting married. Her name's Laura. She came up to Owens Valley to do her post-doc about six months after you left.
ELLIE: You sonofabitch.
PETER: That is true. But it's also true that if I really thought we wanted the same things, I'd follow you anywhere... but the truth is I don't think you want the company. Be honest, El. There's nowhere you'd rather be than sitting out at some remote corner of the world searching for the answers to the mysteries of the universe. And call me crazy, but I just can't compete with that... I'm sorry.