GEKKO: Know the name?
BUD: 'Course. Larry Wildman. One of the first raiders.
GEKKO: Sir Larry Wildman. Like all Brits he thinks he was born with a better pot to piss in... bribed an old secretary of mine to open bar mouth and stole RDL Pharmaceuticals right out from under me. Wildman the white knight.
BUD: I remember that deal. You were involved?
GEKKO: Revenge is a dish best served cold... well, it's payback time, sport. ... see that building? I bought into it ten years ago. It was my first real estate deal. I sold it a couple of years later and made an $800,000 dollar profit. It was better than sex. At that time I thought that was all tne money in the world... Now, it's a day's pay ... I had a mole in Wildman's employ. Gave me half the picture, then he got fired...
BUD: I don't understand.
GEKKO: Wildman's in town. He just became an American citizen. Something big's about to go down. I want to know where he goes and who he sees. I want you, sport, to give me the missing half of the picture...
BUD: Follow him? Mr. Gekko I... It's not what I do. I could lose my license. If the SEC found out, I could go to jail. It's inside information, isn't it?
GEKKO: Inside information. Oh you mean like when a father tells his son about a court ruling on an airline? Or someone overhears me saying I'm gonna buy Teldar Paper? Or the chairman of the board of XYZ suddenly knows it's time to blow out XYZ. You mean that? I'm afraid sport, unless you got a father on the board of directors of another company, you and I are gonna have a hard time doing any business...
BUD: What about hard work?
GEKKO: What about it? You work hard. I'll bet you stayed up all night analyzing that dog you bought. And where'd it get you?... my father worked hard too like an elephant pushing electrical supplies. And he dropped dead at 49 with a heart attack and a tax bill and the bank pissed on his grave and took the house; my mom ended up working in a dish factory... Wake up pal, if you're not inside you're outside. And I'm not talking a $200,000 a year working Wall Street stiff flying first class and being comfortable"