WELLES: You were the middleman, am I right? Old man Christian wasn't about to go shopping for a snuff film himself.
LONGDALE: Wouldn't exactly have been possible for a man of his stature.
WELLES: So, he sent you, gave you the money, his errand-boy. And if you refused, it wasn't like you could tell anyone your pervert boss just asked you to get him a snuff film. That's the beauty of lawyer/client privilege.
LONGDALE: That's trust. Mr. Christian trusted me implicitly.
WELLES: Must have paid you a lot, for you to risk everything. Would've had to have cut yourself a real nice piece of money.
LONGDALE: I was well compensated.
WELLES: That's why you got scared when Mrs. Christian hired me. You knew about the film, figured it had to be in that safe. How'd you find me?
LONGDALE: Never mind how I found you.
WELLES: Followed me... must have freaked out when you saw me closing in on your buddies...
LONGDALE: They're no friends of mine.
WELLES: Except, you're willing commit murder with them.
LONGDALE: None of this would be happening if you would have left it alone. If you weren't digging up a girl who died six years ago. A girl no one even remembers.
WELLES: Mary Anne Mathews, that was her name. Her mom remembers her.
WELLES: You found these smut dealers and asked to buy a snuff film, right? Wanted them to find you one. Well, they didn't find you one, Longdale, they went out and made you one...
LONGDALE: Shut up.
WELLES: Mary Anne Mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered.
LONGDALE: Shut your mouth and drive!
WELLES: Did it get him off, huh, watching them cut her up? Tell me, because I really want to understand. Did he jerk off to it? You watch it with him, sit there giving him a handjob while you both watched... ?
LONGDALE: You're making me very angry.
WELLES: Just tell me. Tell me some more of the secrets you and Christian shared. What kind of degenerate pervert was he really? What the fuck did he want with a snuff film?
LONGDALE: You're asking me why?
WELLES: I'm asking.
LONGDALE: A man like Mr. Christian, a great man... all his money, all his power... a man who attained everything there was to attain...
WELLES: Why did he buy a film of some poor, lost girl getting butchered?
LONGDALE: Isn't it incredibly obvious?
WELLES: Enlighten me.
LONGDALE: Because he could. He did it because he could. What other reason were you looking for?