BOYD: Sun rises at 5:52.
ADAM: I'm not wrecking the transmission!
ADAM: Wait. Wait a minute.
BOYD: What?
ADAM: We can't do this.
BOYD: We've already done this.
ADAM: No, I mean the suitcases. We can't bury them in suticases.
MICHEAL: Why?
ADAM: It's sacrilegious.
BOYD: How do you figure?
ADAM: According to Jewish law, the blood and limbs are considered to be part of the human being. They must be buried together or their souls won't rest in peace.
BOYD: So that's what we're doing.
ADAM: No we're not. The bodies are all mixed up. We can't do this to them.
BOYD: She's Asian. They don't have Jews in Asia.
ADAM: That is absolutely not true.
BOYD: Well what the fuck are we supposed to do?
ADAM: Open the suitcases, unpack the body parts and reunite the limbs.
FISHER: No way.
ADAM: It has to be done.
BOYD: We have to get going.
ADAM: I am not flexible on this.
BOYD: Alright. Let's do it.
BOYD: I got her arm.
MOORE: Here's his head.
BOYD: Now I am the last to say that we have done here is a good thing. It's not. It's not a good thing. But it was, given the circumstances, the smart play. We did what had to be done. And...well...I'm proud of us. I'm proud of each and every one of us. We performed. Under the most complex and nerve shattering of situations, we stood fast and we delivered. I feel proud.
ADAM: We are all going straight to hell. Either hell or prison, whichever comes first.
BOYD: Wrong. That is flat out wrong. Hell is for cowards, for hypocrites who fear to live by the strenght of their own convictions. This is war. Given the circumstances, and given the fact that we are alive and they are not, we have chosen life over death. Two wrongs don't make a right. So our conviction and execution would only mean more death here, not less.
MOORE: Boyd...I don't know man...It just seems to me that ever since you took Tony Robbins self-help thing...you're all fucked-up in the head.
FISHER: I got to agree with that.
BOYD: That is a load of shit. Personal power has nothing to do with any of this. Tony Robbins has helped me to unlock energy and see my options more clearly, yes, but to give him credit for this, for all of this...Well that's just more than the man deserves.
FISHER: I think we should say some words over the grave.
BOYD: What kind of words?
FISHER: I'm talking about prayer.
BOYD: Go ahead.
FISHER: Dear God...I don't know how to pray.
MICHEAL: Just go ahead and say what's on your mind.