FRAN: Good night.
BUD: Good night.
BUD: Oh -- Miss Kubelik. I've been waiting for you. FRAN You have?
BUD: I almost didn't recognize you -- this is the first time I've ever seen you in civilian clothes.
FRAN: How'd you make out on the twenty- seventh floor?
BUD: Great. Look -- have you seen The Music Man?
FRAN: No.
BUD: Would you like to?
FRAN: Sure.
BUD: I thought maybe we could have a bite to eat first -- and then --
FRAN: You mean tonight?
BUD: Yeah.
FRAN: I'm sorry, but I can't tonight. I'm meeting somebody.
BUD: Oh. You mean -- like a girl-friend?
FRAN: No. Like a man.
BUD: I wasn't trying to be personal -- it's just that the fellows in the office were -- whether you wondering about you ever --
FRAN: Just tell 'em -- now and then.
BUD: This date -- is it just a date -- or is it something serious?
FRAN: It used to be serious -- at least I was -- but he wasn't -- so the whole thing is more or less kaputt.
BUD: Well, in that case, couldn't you -- ?
FRAN: I'm afraid not. I promised to have a drink with him -- he's been calling me all week --
BUD: Oh, I understand.
BUD: Well, it was just an idea -- I hate to see a ticket go to waste --
FRAN: What time does the show go on?
BUD: Eight-thirty.
FRAN: Well -- I could meet you at the theatre -- if that's all right.
BUD: All right? That's wonderful! It's the Majestic -- 44th Street.
FRAN: Meet you in the lobby. Okay?
BUD: You know, I felt so lousy this morning -- a hundred and one fever -- then my promotion came up -- now you and I -- eleventh row center -- and you said I should have stayed in bed.
FRAN: How is your cold?
BUD: What cold? And after the show, we could go out on the town -- I've been taking from Arthur Murray.
FRAN: So I see.
BUD: They got a great little band at El Chico, in the Village -- it's practically around the corner from where you live.
FRAN: Sounds good. How do you know where I live?
BUD: Oh, I even know who you live with -- your sister and brother-in- law -- I know when you were born -- and where -- I know all sorts of things about you.
FRAN: How come?
BUD: A couple of months ago I looked up your card in the group insurance file.
FRAN: Oh.
BUD: I know your height, your weight and your Social Security number -- you had mumps, you had measles, and you had your appendix out.
FRAN: Well, don't tell the fellows in the office about the appendix. They may get the wrong idea how you found out. 'Bye.
BUD: Eight-thirty!