GUY: Is it okay if I record this?
DANNY: No... Yeah, fine, go ahead... So what's this about? Is this about me?
GUY: I'm trying to figure out where the radical right is going to next....I thought you were the most interesting person at that meeting.
DANNY: What about Curtis Zampf?
GUY: Curtis is a politician -- and a bit of a hustler. He's not a thinker.
DANNY: I agree.
GUY: The other night you said the modern world is a Jewish disease. Could you elaborate on that?
DANNY: In the movement -- the racialist movement -- we believe there's a hierarchy of the races. Not just in IQ, but in the civilization, the art, the forms of government, the civilizations that each race produces... Why are you writing this down if you're recording it?
GUY: It helps me concentrate.... So does that mean you're a white supremacist?
DANNY: What should I be, a white inferior- ist? A multicultural Zulu egalitarian? Let me ask, where are your people from?
GUY: My mother's family is French, my father's was German, originally.
DANNY: German. Mine, too. So who do you think's given more to the world, the Germans -- Beethoven, Goethe, Nietzsche -- or the entire continent of Africa? Ibos, Bantus, Mandingos...
GUY: Danny, what about the Jews?
DANNY: The Jews are different.... Blacks are disgusting and inferior, but it's like criticizing a retarded child. The Jews are...a poison in the human well....
GUY: A poison...?
DANNY: Let me give you an example.... Sexuality.
GUY: Sexuality??? What do you mean?
DANNY: You ever fuck a Jewish girl?
GUY: What??!?
DANNY: Did you ever fuck one, Guy?
GUY: What's that go to do with...I've gone out with a, with Jewish women. Why?
DANNY: And? WHat did you notice?
GUY: Notice? Like what...?
DANNY: Jewish girls like to give head, right?
GUY: I don't know. Is that right?
DANNY: And Jewish men like to get it.
GUY: Everybody likes to, don't they?
DANNY: Yes. It's very pleasurable. But the Jews are obsessed with it. You know why?
GUY: Why?
DANNY: Because the Jew is essentially female.
GUY: Female...
DANNY: Real men -- white, Christian men -- we fuck a woman. We make her come with our cocks. But the Jew doesn't like to penetrate and thrust -- he can't assert himself that directly -- so he resorts to perversions. Oral sex is technically a perversion, you know that, don't you? After a woman has been with a Jewish man, she never wants a normal partner again. A normal man.
GUY: Does that mean the Jew is the better lover?
DANNY: You're not listening. He isn't better. He gives pleasure, but that's actually a weakness.
GUY: Danny, what makes you think you know all this?
DANNY: Let's just say I've done due diligence.
GUY: So, fine, it's not that the Jew, the Jews own the media and the banks. It's that they're sexually corrupt.
DANNY: The Jews clearly control the media and the banks. Investment banks, not the commercial ones. But the point is they carry out in those realms the same principles they display in sexuality. They undermine traditional life; they deracinate society.
DANNY: Deracinate... Tear out the roots. A people -- a real people -- derives its genius from the land: the sun, the sea, the soil. This is how they know themselves. But the Jew doesn't have soil.
GUY: He has Israel.
DANNY: Those aren't Jews.
GUY: Of course they're Jews.
DANNY: Notice the Israelis: a fundamentally secular society. They no longer need Judaism because they have soil. The real Jew is a wanderer, a nomad. He has no roots, no attachments. So he universalizes" everything. He can't hammer a nail
GUY: Are all Jews the same?
DANNY: Differences exist, of course, but they're irrelevant. For the Jew, his Jewishness dominates everything. Even the ones who renounce it, who hate it, who want to cut it out of their hearts a knife...can't escape. They're still just Jews.