EDITOR: Well, ain't that a shame. Nice little chappie that wouldn't harm a fly ... everybody picking on the little fellow.
FLORENCE: If this kid was some unknown soda jerker, they wouldn't have pinched him. But he's George Winton and they're playing him up. It's a Roman holiday for every paper hat editor in New York.
EDITOR: Why the goose pimples? If he wasn't social register -- if it was somebody like me, you'd be trying to hang him.
FLORENCE: I wouldn't be trying, beloved. I would hang him! And another thing, all this gaga about the body disappearing. Eight bodies have been stolen in New York within the last eighteen months. Doesn't it seem more reasonable to hook this up from that angle?
EDITOR: And ruin a perfectly good story? Don't be silly.
FLORENCE: No, I mean it. I think this kid's entitled to a break.
EDITOR: He's getting a break, ain't he? He's front page.
FLORENCE: You give me a pain!
EDITOR: I'm glad to hear it. When did you go in for crusading in the cause of justice? This lousy mug, with all the money in the world, has had two or three nasty affairs. He's kept out o' print because his great- grandfather was smarter than the Indians.
FLORENCE: Well, anyway, he couldn't have copped that body -- he was in jail.
EDITOR: You don't think he'd be sap enough to do the job himself. I hope they give him the works. Even if he didn't kill the kid, he's responsible for her death, and they can fry him any time without making me sore.
FLORENCE: Well, I won't work on it from that angle.
EDITOR: Oh, you won't -- you were pretty tough about Judge Ramsey -- a little while ago --
FLORENCE: And they never proved anything against him.
EDITOR: Except that he disappeared when things got too hot.
FLORENCE: Or was bumped off by someone who was afraid of him.
EDITOR: Whooey -- he took a run-out powder.
FLORENCE: Well, that's got nothing to do with this case. Can I handle this my way?
EDITOR: You cannot. I'm still editor of this sheet.
FLORENCE: All right, you said I was fired. Well, I quit! Give the assignment to somebody else.
EDITOR: Hey, come here, Sob-sister!
FLORENCE: Nope, I'm through!