DEHAVEN: Commander, are you of the habit of letting photographers traipse around your base snappin' their fill? These were supposed to have been discreet test cases --
C.O.: Senator, they stand out on the public highway with telephoto lenses --
DEHAVEN: -- and now I got reporters from Toadsquat, Iowa, calling my office and askin' what I know about this G.I. Jane" thing."
C.O.: -- nothing I can do about it unless you're suggesting I infringe on their civil liberties -- which I'd happily do if you'll just trim a little fat off the Constitution.
DEHAVEN: Are you truly mouthin' off to a senior member of the Senate Arms Committee? I mean, I'll give you points for style -- just nothin' for smarts.
JORDAN: See me, sir?
C.O.: You makin' friends with the press, lieutenant?
DEHAVEN: Well, seein's how this thing is out, you let me handle the r.p.m. From this point forward, I want all press matters coordinated via my office. I'll be god-damned if I'm gonna watch Hayes pull flowers out of his ass and take credit for this one. Him or the President. This my shade? Midnight Mahogany"? 'Cuz I'm comin' dangerously close to lookin' like Ronald Reagan here."
C.O.: Your prerogative, Senator.
DEHAVEN: Awright. How's our girl doin', anyway?
C.O.: Standing right here in my office.
DEHAVEN: Jordan, dear. How are they treating you?
JORDAN: Can't complain, ma'am.
DEHAVEN: Hmmm. Maybe I'll ask when I see you in person.
JORDAN: Uh, ma'am.
DEHAVEN: Gonna be visiting that all-woman's America's cup team in a few weeks -- If I were a gambler, I'd say Dennis O'Conner's days are numbered. But they're in San Diego, so I thought I'd take a quick promenade of the base.
C.O.: Uh, V.I.P. security arrangements generally take some time, Senator.
DEHAVEN: Security"? What the hell you talkin' about? Your base isn't secure?"
C.O.: Of course, but there's more --
DEHAVEN: Then set out the good plates, we'll all have lunch. My office will follow up with details. Jumping off, now...
JORDAN: Sir, I want you to know that I had nothing to do with any of this. Not this article, not --
C.O.: We'll all have lunch." Good idea. Oh