WEIR: Incredible... These are the same coordinates before the ship disappeared... this, this happened? This isn't some kind of hoax?
HOLLIS: I wouldn't bring you here on a hoax. Houston confirms the telemetry and I.D. codes.
WEIR: It's the Event Horizon. She's come back.
HOLLIS: That ship was lost in deep space, seven years ago. If the Titanic sailed into New York harbor, I'd find it more plausible. Houston wants Aerospace to send out a search and rescue team, investigate the source of the transmission. If it really is the Event Horizon, they'll attempt a salvage. We need you to prepare a detailed briefing on the ship's systems for the salvage crew...
WEIR: A written briefing can't possibly anticipate the variables on a mission like this. I have to go with them.
LYLE: Dr. Weir, you have no experience with salvage procedures.
WEIR: I designed the ship's propulsion system. I am the only person capable of evaluating the performance of the gravity drive. You can't send a Search and Rescue team out there alone and expect them to succeed. That would be like... like sending an auto- mechanic to work on the shuttle.
LYLE: I can understand your desire to redeem your reputation, Dr. Weir, but it doesn't factor into this.
WEIR: This is not about my reputation! This is not about me at all! The Event Horizon was created for one reason: to go faster than light. Imagine mankind exploring new solar systems, colonizing new worlds. Seven years ago, we didn't just lose the ship and the crew. We lost the dream. I have to go.
HOLLIS: It's not that simple. Lyle, play the recording for Dr. Weir.
LYLE: Navigation Control tried to hail the vessel. This was the only response.
LYLE: Since the initial transmission, there's been no further contact. Just the beacon, every two minutes.
WEIR: The crew? Could they still be alive?
LYLE: The ship had life support systems for eighteen months. They're been gone seven years.
WEIR: Someone sent that message. Admiral, you have to put me on that ship.
HOLLIS: It's against my better judgement, but I'll run this by the Man downstairs. You'll know my decision by the end of the day.
WEIR: Thank you.
HOLLIS: Don't thank me, Bill. I'm not doing you any favors.
LYLE: You're not seriously considering sending him?
HOLLIS: You don't just dismiss Bill Weir. The man held Oppenheimer's chair at Princeton. If the Event Horizon had worked, he would have gone down in history as the greatest mind in physics since Einstein.
LYLE: The official inquiry blamed Weir's design for the ship's loss.
HOLLIS: That doesn't mean a damn thing. They were looking for a scapegoat and Weir fit the bill. But he's not responsible for what happened to the ship.
LYLE: Does he know that?
HOLLIS: What's on your mind?
LYLE: He doesn't belong on this mission. Responsible or not, he blames himself. He's too close to it. And then there's his wife.
HOLLIS: It's been two years since she died. He's over it.
LYLE: Some things you don't get over.
HOLLIS: I want our best people on this. Where's Miller?
LYLE: The Lewis and Clark just returned from patrol in the asteroid belt, she's docked in bay four.
SMITH: I can't believe this, I haven't gotten more than my hand in six weeks and now this shit. Why not Mars, Cap, Mars has women...
STARCK: Smith's right. Neptune? There's nothing out there. If something happens, we'll be on our own.
MILLER: I don't like it either, but you know the rules: we get the call, we go. Is the course locked in?
SMITH: Locked and cocked.
STARCK: We're past the outer marker, we can engage the ion drive whenever you're ready.
MILLER: Justin?
JUSTIN: Everything green on my boards, Skipper.
MILLER: Start the countdown.
STARCK: Ion drive will engage in... T-minus ten minutes.
MILLER: Let's go.