JIM: I guess you know why you're here
TRACY: If it's about the posters, I think it's so awful. It's a travesty.
JIM: A travesty. Huh. That's interesting, because I think you did it.
TRACY: Wait - are you accusing me? You're not serious. I can't... Mr. McAllister, we have worked together on SGA for three solid years and... I mean, I can't believe it. I'm... I'm shocked!
TRACY: Mr. M., I am running on my qualifications. I would never need to resort to, you know, to vandalism like a, you know... Plus, my own best banner was torn down. Did I do that too?
JIM: Were you or were you not working in the Watchdog office over the weekend?
TRACY: I was. So? Mr. Pecharda let me in. As you know, with all my responsibilities I often come in on the weekend and have permission to do so. But I left very early, around 6:30.
JIM: 6:30. How do you know what time the posters were torn down?
TRACY: I don't. I just know they were there when I left. I'm giving you helpful information is all. You know, instead of wasting time interrogating me, we should be out there trying to find out who did this.
JIM: Okay, Tracy, so who do you think did it? Whom should we interrogate?""
TRACY: well, I don't know. It could have been anybody. There are a lot of, you know, subversive elements around Millard. You know, like Rick Thieson and Kevin Speck and those burn-outs. Or Doug Schenken - what about him? Or what about Tammy Metzier? Her whole thing is being anti- this and anti-that.
JIM: You're a very intelligent girl, Tracy. You have many admirable qualities. But someday maybe you'll learn that being smart and always being on top and doing whatever you need to do to get ahead, and yes, stepping on people to get there, well, there's a lot more to life than that. And in the end, you're only cheating yourself.
TRACY: Why are you lecturing me?
JIM: This isn't the time or the place to get into it, but there is, for just one example, a certain former colleague of mine, who made a very big mistake, a life mistake. I think the lesson there is that, old and young, we ail make mistakes, and we have to learn that our actions, all of them, can carry serious consequences. You're very young, Tracy underage, in fact -- but maybe one day you'll understand.
TRACY: I don't know what you're referring to, but I do know that if certain older and wiser people hadn't acted like such little babies and gotten all mushy, everything would be okay.
JIM: I agree. But I also think certain young and naive people need to thank their lucky stars and be very, very grateful the whole school didn't find out about certain indiscretions which could have ruined their reputations, and chances to win certain elections.
TRACY: And I think certain older persons like you and your colleague" shouldn't be leaching after their students