GIRL: Oh!
PAUL: Well ... go 'head, do the next bit.
GIRL: Go away! You've spoilt it.
PAUL: Oh, sorry I spoke.
GIRL: Are you supposed to be here?
PAUL: I've got you worried, haven't I?
GIRL: I'm warning you, they'll be back in a minute.
PAUL: D'you know something, They" don't worry me at all. Anyroad
GIRL: You're from Liverpool, aren't you?
PAUL: How'd you guess?
GIRL: Oh, it's the way you talk.
PAUL: Is it ... is it, really?
GIRL: Are you pulling my leg?
PAUL: Something like that.
GIRL: I see. Do you like the play?
PAUL: Yeah ... I mean, sure, well, I took it at school but I only ever heard boys and masters saying those lines, like, sounds different on a girl. Yeah, it's gear on a girl.
GIRL: Gear?
PAUL: Aye, the big hammer, smashing!
GIRL: Thank you.
PAUL: Don't mench ... well, why don't you give us a few more lines, like?
PAUL: You don't half slam the door in people's faces, do you? I mean, what about when you're playing the part, like, hundreds of people'll see you and ...
GIRL: I'm not ...
PAUL: Oh, you're the understudy, sort of thing?
GIRL: No. I'm a walk-on in a fancy dress scene. I just felt like doing those lines.
PAUL: Oh, I see. You are an actress though, aren't you?
GIRL: Yes.
PAUL: Aye, I knew you were.
GIRL: What's that mean?
PAUL: Well, the way you were spouting, like .... I don't believe you
GIRL: The big hammer?
PAUL: Oh aye, a sledge.
GIRL: But the way you did it then sounded so phony.
PAUL: No ... I wouldn't say that ... just like an actress ... you know.
GIRL: But that's not like a real person at all.
PAUL: Aye well, actresses aren't like real people, are they?
GIRL: They ought to be.
PAUL: Oh, I don't know, anyroad up, they never are, are they?
GIRL: What are you?
PAUL: I'm in a group ... well ... there are four of us, we play and sing.
GIRL: I bet you don't sound like real people.
PAUL: We do, you know. We sound like us having a ball. It's fab.
GIRL: Is it really fab or are you just saying that to convince yourself?
PAUL: What of? Look, I wouldn't do it unless I was. I'm dead lucky 'cos I get paid for doing something I love doing.
PAUL: ... all this and a jam butty too!!
GIRL: I only enjoy acting for myself. I hate it when other people are let in.
PAUL: Why? I mean, which are you, scared or selfish?
GIRL: Why selfish?
PAUL: Well, you've got to have people to taste your treacle toffee.
PAUL: No, hang on, I've not gone daft. You see, when I was little me mother let me make some treacle toffee one time in our back scullery. When I'd done she said to me, Go and give some to the other kids." So
GIRL: Not really but I'm probably not a toffee maker. How would you do those lines of mine?
PAUL: Well, look at it this way, I mean, when you come right down to it, that girl, she's a bit of a scrubber, isn't she?
GIRL: Is she?
PAUL: Of course ... Look, if she was a Liverpool scrubber ... Eh, fella, you want to try pulling the other one, it's got a full set of bells hanging off it ... Y'what? ... I know your sort, two cokes and a packet of cheese and onion crisps and suddenly it's love and we're stopping in an empty shop doorway. You're just after me body and y'can't have it ... so there!!
GIRL: And you honestly think that's what she meant?
PAUL: Oh, definitely, it sticks out a mile, she's trying to get him to marry her but he doesn't want ... well ... I don't reckon any fella's ever wanted to get married. But girls are like that, clever and cunning. You've got to laugh.
GIRL: Well, it's nice to know you think we're clever.
PAUL: And cunning.
GIRL: And what do you do about it?
PAUL: Me? Oh, I don't have the time, I'm always running about with the lads ... no, we don't have the time.
GIRL: Pity.
PAUL: Aye, it is but as long as you get by, it's all right, you know ... bash on, happy valley's when they let you stop. Anyroad, I'd better get back.
GIRL: Yes.
PAUL: See you.
GIRL: Of course.