WIGAND: And, I'm unemployed. So I have to protect my medical coverage. ...so I left them a message this morning. Their expanded confidentiality agreement? I will sign it.
LOWELL: They're afraid of you, aren't they?
WIGAND: They should be.
LOWELL: Talk to me outside the zone of your agreement?
WIGAND: Like what?
LOWELL: Like where'd you work before Brown & Williamson?
WIGAND: Johnson & Johnson. Union Carbide in Japan. I was general manager and director of new products. I speak Japanese. I was a director of corporate development at Pfizer. All health-related. What else? Outside the zone"...?"
LOWELL: I don't know... you think the Knicks are gonna make it through the semi- finals?
LOWELL'S VOICE: Just give me an example...
WIGAND: For example. James Burke, the CEO of Johnson & Johnson... when he found out that some lunatic had put poison in Tylenol bottles, he didn't argue with the FDA... He didn't even wait for the FDA to tell him. He just pulled Tylenol off every shelf of every store right across America. Instantly. And then he developed the safety cap... Because, look, as a CEO, sure, he's gotta be a great businessman, right? But he's also a man of science. He's not going to allow his company... to put on the shelf... a product that might hurt people. Not like the Seven Dwarfs...
LOWELL: Seven dwarfs?
WIGAND: The seven CEOs of Big Tobacco... they got up in front of Congress that time... it was on television...
LOWELL: ...and swore under oath that they know nothing about addiction, disease...
WIGAND: It was on C-SPAN. Yeah.
LOWELL: Okay, so, here you are... you go to work for tobacco. You come from corporate cultures where research, really, creative thinking, these are core values. You go to tobacco... Tobacco is a sales culture. Market and sell enormous volume. Go to a lot of golf tournaments. The hell with everything else. What are you doing? Why are you working for tobacco" in the first place?"
WIGAND: I can't talk about it. The work I was supposed to do... might have had some positive effect. I don't know... it could have been beneficial. Mostly, I got paid a lot. I took the money. My wife was happy. My kids had good medical. Good schools. Got a great house. I mean, what the hell is wrong with that...?