LILLY: I sat in there with her, I thought, what do I do now? Run and I've got Bobo and the law after me. Stay, and how do I explain?
ROY: This way's perfect.
LILLY: It is, isn't it? And maybe it's a break for me after all. I've been wanting out of the racket for years, and now I'm out. I can make a clean start, and --
ROY: You've already made a start. Doesn't look that clean, though.
LILLY: I'm sorry. I hated to take your money, but --
ROY: Don't be sorry. You're not taking it.
LILLY: I need this, Roy. I can't run without money, and if I can't run I'm dead.
ROY: You must have some money.
LILLY: Just a few bucks.
ROY: And Myra's stuff?
LILLY: Her credit cards. How far am I gonna get with that?
ROY: Far enough. Maybe up to San Francisco. Or St. Louis, someplace new. Start over.
LILLY: At what?
ROY: You're smart, Lilly, and you're good-looking. You won't have any trouble finding a job.
LILLY: A job? I've never had a legit job in my life!
ROY: Well, you're gonna start, if you hope to live through this. A square job and a quiet life. You start showing up at the track or the hot spots and Bobo's boys will be all over you.
LILLY: Roy, I know what to do with myself! It's a big world out there.
ROY: Not any more. Lilly, listen, I'm giving you good advice. I'm following it myself.
LILLY: What?
ROY: I thought it over, and you were right. You wanted me out of the rackets, and now --
LILLY: Roy, that's fine, but I don't have time for this. Bobo --
ROY: I thought you'd be happy for me. After all, you --
LILLY: Bobo isn't after you! Bobo's after me, and he's goddamn good! But so am I. I'm a survivor, Roy. I survive.
ROY: I know you do, so that's why --
LILLY: And to survive, my way, I need money. Bobo knows about the stash in the car, so I didn't dare touch it, not if Lilly Dillon's dead. So that leaves this.
ROY: No.
LILLY: You want a drink?
ROY: I don't think so. You probably shouldn't either.
LILLY: No, but I'm goddamn thirsty. Ice water?
ROY: Yeah, sure, that sounds nice.
LILLY: I'll get it.