JEFFREY: I don't want to cause any trouble.
SANDY: I'm here, aren't I?
JEFFREY: I guess Mike's got some sort of sports practice in the afternoon.
SANDY: Ooooo, you are smart. Just don't get too smart.
SANDY: Alright, now tell me. What is it?
JEFFREY: There are opportunities in life for gaining knowledge and experience. sometimes, in some cases. it's necessary to take a risk. I got to thinking. I'll bet a person could learn a lot by getting into that woman's apartment. you know. sneak in and hide and observe.
SANDY: You said it was a strange world. and you're the strangest part of it. Are you crazy.she is possibly involved in murder. This gives me the creeps.
JEFFREY: Settle down. I have a plan which I think will work. There is very little for you to do, but I do need your help. .Aren't you curious about my plan?
SANDY: It wouldn't hurt to hear the plan, I guess.
JEFFREY: Alright. the first thing is to get into her apartment and open a window that I could crawl into later.
SANDY: Now, how are you going to do that?
JEFFREY: Right out in the car I happen to have some old overalls and a bug spraying rig. I will go to her apartment and be the pest control man. I will spray her apartment. After a few minutes you will knock on her door, drawing her attention away from me and I will then jimmy a window.
SANDY: What will I say when she comes to the door?
JEFFREY: You will be a Jehovah's Witness. I have a few Awake" magazines for you. You don't have to keep her very long. a few seconds is all I'll need. Whatiya think?"
SANDY: I don't know. it sounds like a good daydream, . but actually doing it is too weird. too dangerous.
JEFFREY: Let's just try the first part. If that goes well, we'll see about the rest. No one will suspect us, because no one would believe two people like us would be crazy enough to do something like this.
SANDY: You've got a point there.
JEFFREY: Now. we'll walk over so there's no license plates and you give me at least three minutes. I can stall if it's more, but I need time to find a good window .alright?
SANDY: Alright.
JEFFREY: Let's go.
JEFFREY: Okay, I'm going ahead. Wait a minute, what's her name?
SANDY: Oh bother. Dorothy Vallens, Seventh Floor. Look on the mailbox for her number, bright boy.
JEFFREY: Thanks. Dorothy Vallens. Okay. good luck . three minutes, no sooner.
SANDY: Alright. Good luck, yourself.