VINCENT: I'm not here very much.
SAM: Business keeps you on the road?
VINCENT: Something like that.
SAM: I know I don't need to say this to you, but I need to say it to you. This is my job, I have to do it.
VINCENT: So I do it.
SAM: No you don't, and you know it.
VINCENT: If our positions were reversed, would you leave me?
SAM: In a minute.
VINCENT: I think not.
VINCENT: Do we need anything else?
SAM: Yeah. We need out fucking heads examined.
DEIRDRE: You better be careful, Seamus, before something happens a plastic surgeon can't fix.
SEAMUS: Plastic fucking surgeon? You think I'm going to fix this, Deirdre lass? It's the mark of the patriot, and I'll wear it like a badge. As for those who done it to me, I'll take my pound of flesh before this is all over.
DEIRDRE: You're thinking with your gun, Seamus, and not your head...
SEAMUS: Shut up!!! Shut up and drive! I'm your superior officer and you will do as I goddamn well say, is that understood?!?
SEAMUS: Do I need to repeat myself?
DEIRDRE: No, Seamus. I heard you the first time.
SAM: Not here. They might see it.
VINCENT: If I'm going to die for the CIA, I'm going to go out smoking. Besides, there's half a forest between us and them, they can't see a goddamned thing.
SAM: Time to quit.
VINCENT: Just like that?
SAM: Not just like that... Just before I turn around and it's six months from now and the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning is light a cigarette.
VINCENT: What of it? Samurai pain in the ass.
SAM: Would you stop with that...
VINCENT: Why? You've got more force of will than anyone I've ever seen. You handle a gun like it's a part of you, you perform surgery on yourself without anesthesia... And most amazing of all, you quit smoking, just like that.
SAM: The mark of a true Samurai. What I do for the Company, Vincent, is no different than what you do. We're both hired guns, and this is a job -- like any other job.
VINCENT: Why then, Sam, don't you act like this is a job like any other? Surely, if you are a hired gun, you realize that some times you just have to walk away without getting what you came for.
SAM: Because I don't walk away.
VINCENT: Why not?
SAM: It's the one thing I've got left to hold onto. Jean-Pierre is one of your closest friends, is he not?
VINCENT: Closest and oldest.
SAM: And yet you would have killed him to save my life. You have a sense of honor, Vincent, that I can't even remember anymore. I don't know that I ever even had it to begin with. All I know to do, Vincent, is to finish my job.
VINCENT: And when you finish? What then? This package, whatever it is, do you give it to the CIA? Do you really think they deserve it?
SAM: That's a good question.
VINCENT: Do you have a good answer?
SAM: No, I don't.
MIKHI: Sit, sit... Would you like one?
GREGOR: No, Mikhi, I wouldn't. Since I won't speak your language, and you can't speak mine, English will do nicely.
MIKHI: Whatever you wish... This has all been a terrible mistake, Gregor. I wanted to play straight with you, but Edvard insisted we try and kill you.
GREGOR: Edvard said the same thing about you before he died.
MIKHI: I'm shocked, shocked to think that you'd believe him.
GREGOR: Enough!