MEG: You must leave this house.
FETTES: I can't do that -- you heard MacFarlane.
MEG: Save yourself. Master Fettes look at MacFarlane and be warned.
FETTES: He's a great doctor -- a great man --
MEG: Is it a great man whom Gray can order to his bidding? Is it a great man who for very shame dare not acknowledge his own wife so that I must play maidservant for the world's sake and his success?
MEG: He could have been a great man -- a good man and a fine doctor, but there was always the shame of the old life and the old ways to hold him back -- and always Gray -- Gray to hound him to his death.
FETTES: You're over-excited, Mistress Cameron.
MEG: I'm cold as ice.
FETTES: But Gray's only a cab driver -- a Resurrection Man who robs graves to make a bit of money now and again.
MEG: If he were only that. The man's evil himself. Some day you'll know him as MacFarlane knows him -- for MacFarlane he was to Knox as you are to him. That brought him close to Gray, he roistered with him and drank with him. Aye, and Gray even brought him to my door and my love. There is all that between them and more -- Burke and Hare and Knox --
FETTES: But that's long since. Gray can't threaten him with that.
MEG: Gray has no need to threaten. You remember the trial?
FETTES: I heard my parents speak of it in Thrums. It was a famous case.
MEG: And did you hear them speak of the porter who testified against Burke?
FETTES: Aye.
MEG: They did not tell you how that porter cried out in the witness box when the Kings Counselor pressed him hard -- how he cried out that he was shielding a gentleman of consequence.
MEG: That porter was Gray and the gentleman of consequence who couldn't swallow the shame of it -- who took my last paltry savings to hire Gray --
FETTES: MacFarlane
MEG: Listen to me, Fettes, I'm one part befuddled with drink, one part over-heels in love with MacFarlane, and one part fey. You're a lowlander, Fettes, and you have no way of knowing what we Highlanders call the second sight.
FETTES: I've heard of it.
MEG: It's a gift to my people -- and I see MacFarlane and Gray-- the pit yawns for them and the flames -- and I would have you away from them and safe out of the torment.--