LISA: Jeff -- if you could only see yourself.
JEFF: Now, Lisa --
LISA: Sitting around, looking out a window to kill time, is one thing -- but doing it the way you are -- -- with, with binoculars, and with wild opinions about every little movement you see -- is, is diseased!
JEFF: Do you think I consider this recreation?
LISA: I don't know what you consider it -- but if you don't stop it, I'm getting out of here.
JEFF: You'd better before you catch the disease!
LISA: What is it you're looking for?
JEFF: I want to find out what's wrong with the salesman's wife. Does that make me sound like a madman?
LISA: What makes you think something's wrong with her?
LISA: A lot of things. She's an invalid who needs constant care -- and yet the husband nor anyone else has been in there all day.
LISA: Maybe she died.
JEFF: Where's the doctor -- the undertakers?
LISA: She could be under sedatives, sleeping. He's in the room now.
JEFF: Lisa, please!
LISA: There's nothing to see.
JEFF: There is -- I've seen things through that window! Bickering, family fights, mysterious trips at night, knives, saws, rope -- and since last evening, not a sight or sound of his wife! Now you tell me where she is and what she's doing!
LISA: Maybe he's leaving his wife. I don't know, and I don't care. Lots of people have saws, knives and ropes around their houses. Lots of men don't speak to their wives all day. Lots of wives nag, and men hate them, and trouble starts -- but very, very, very few of them end up in murder -- if that's what you're thinking.
JEFF: It's pretty hard to stay away from that word isn't is?
LISA: You could see all the things he did, couldn't you?
JEFF: What are you getting at?
LISA: You could see that he did because he had the shades in his apartment up, and walked along the corridor, and the streets and the backyard?
JEFF: Yeah.
LISA: Jeff, do you think a murderer would let you see all that? That he shouldn't keep his shades down and hide behind them?
JEFF: That's where he's being clever. Acting nonchalant.
LISA: And that's where you're not being clever. He wouldn't parade his crime in front of the open shades.