JOE: Now Vic was tellin' me, he's got a parole problem.
EDDIE: Really? Who's your P.O.?
VIC: Seymour Scagnetti.
EDDIE: Scagnetti? Oh shit, I hear he's a motherfucker.
VIC: He is a motherfucker. He won't let me leave the halfway house till I get some piece of shit job.
EDDIE: You're coming back to work for us, right?
VIC: I wanna. But I gotta show this asshole I got an honest-to-goodness job before he'll let me move out on my own. I can't work for you guys and be worried about gettin' back before ten o'clock curfew.
JOE: We can work this out, can't we?
EDDIE: This isn't all that bad. We can give you a lot of legitimate jobs. Put you on the rotation at Long Beach as a dock worker.
VIC: I don't wanna lift crates.
EDDIE: You don't hafta lift shit. You don't really work there. But as far as the records are concerned, you do. I call up Matthews, the foreman, tell him he's got a new guy. You're on the schedule. You got a timecard, it's clocked in and out for you everyday, and you get a pay check at the end of the week. And ya know dock workers don't do too bad. So you can move into a halfway decent place without Scagnetti thinkin what the fuck." And if Scagnetti ever wants to make a surprise visit
JOE: Didn't I tell ya not to worry? Vic was worried.
EDDIE: Me and you'll drive down to Long Beach tomorrow. I'll introduce you to Matthews, tell him what's going on.
VIC: That's great, guy, thanks a bunch. When do you think you'll need me for real work?
JOE: Well, it's kinda a strange time right now. Things are kinda -
EDDIE: Nuts. We got a big meeting in Vegas coming up. And we're kinda just gettin ready for that right now.
JOE: Let Nice Guy set you up at Long Beach. Give ya some cash, get that Scagnetti fuck off your back, and we'll be talking to ya.
EDDIE: Daddy, I got an idea. Now just hear it out. I know you don't like to use any of the boys on these jobs, but technically, Vic ain't one of the boys. He's been gone for four years. He ain't on no one's list. Ya know he can handle himself, ya know you can trust him.