RIPLEY: Tell me something. What's it like, walk in a bank with a gun, stick it up?
FOLEY: I don't know. I never used a gun.
RIPLEY: Really?
FOLEY: You'd be surprised what all you can get, you ask for it the right way.
RIPLEY: You're the reason, Jack, I don't keep all my money in banks.
FOLEY: No? Where do you keep it, Dick? I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about.
RIPLEY: I know what you're talking about.
FOLEY: You're the one with balls, Dick, say something like that to someone like Glenn. Or maybe you just forgot where you were for a minute.
RIPLEY: Yeah, but who's gonna believe Glenn? I mean, do <u>you</u> believe Glenn?
FOLEY: Of course not.
RIPLEY: Plus, even it was true, he'd still have to figure out where I keep 'em.
FOLEY: Doesn't have to figure out shit. You <u>told</u> him you keep 'em at your house.
RIPLEY: It's a big house.
RIPLEY: Tell me something, Jack, how much longer you in here?
FOLEY: Twenty-two months, three days, two hours. Why?
RIPLEY: I was just thinking that I could use a guy like you, someone knows how to ask for things the right way. I'm talkin' about when you're outta here. I mean, you can't rob banks for ever.
FOLEY: It's a little late for me.
RIPLEY: Hey, Jack? Bullshit. I didn't make my first million until I was forty- two. Forty-two. You really <u>want</u> to change, it's never too late.
FOLEY: I don't know. I'm not exactly the nine-to-five type.
RIPLEY: Who is? But then you gotta look at a job as more than just work. You gotta look at it as peace of mind. As <i>security</i>, you know what I mean? I got offices in Detroit, Miami, Boston, take your pick.
FOLEY: My ex-wife's in Miami. It's nice down there.
RIPLEY: No need to decide now. Be like the fish. Let whatever happens happen.
FOLEY: The fish?
RIPLEY: Yeah, fish live in the present. They don't dwell on yesterday and they don't worry about tomorrow. Even when a big fish attacks a little fish, there's no neurosis involved. No guilt afterward. No whining on some fish-shrink's couch. They just do it. They accept.
FOLEY: I can't say that I've paid that much attention to 'em before.
RIPLEY: The fish saved my life. Two years ago, I found out I had high blood pressure. So my doctor, he tells me to go get an aquarium, look at the fish every time I felt myself stressing out.
FOLEY: And the guy sent you a bill for this?
RIPLEY: It works. You should try it sometime.
FOLEY: The next time I walk into a bank.