CHARLIE: Rob, hi, so sorry I missed your call. In LA on business. You know how it gets.
ROB: Yeah, sure...
CHARLIE: Good. Great. Yeah... Wow. Rob Gordon. Seems like a 100 million years ago now.
ROB: Yeah. A billion. Right... How are you?
CHARLIE: Fantastic but I'm a little busy right now. Listen. Do you want to come to dinner Saturday? I'm having some friends over and I need a spare man. Are you a spare man?
ROB: Uh...yes, at the moment.
CHARLIE: Great. Gotta go. See you then.
ROB: Hey Charlie.
CHARLIE: Hey Rob.
ROB: Why did you break up with me for Marco?
CHARLIE: Fuck! I knew it! You're going through one of those what-does-it- all-mean things.
ROB: Huh?
CHARLIE: There's been a rash of them, recently. I find it a little unnerving. In fact Marco called a few months back, and he wanted to see me, and rehash the past as they say, and I wasn't really up for it. Do all men go through this?
ROB: C'mon, just answer the question. You can say what you like. What the hell?
CHARLIE: It's all kind of lost in the... in the dense mists of time now... It wasn't that I really liked Marco more. In fact I thought you were more, shall we say, attractive than him. It was just that he knew he was good-looking and you didn't, and that made a difference somehow. You used to act as if I was weird for wanting to spend time with you, and that got kind of beat, if you know what I mean. Your self-image started to rub off on me and I ended up thinking that I was strange. And I knew that you were kind and thoughtful... you made me laugh, and I dug the way you got consumed by things you loved... and Marco seemed a bit more, I don't know, glamorous? More sure of himself? Less hard work, because I felt like I was dragging you around, sort of. A little sunnier. Sparkier. I don't know. You know what people are like at that age. They make very superficial judgements. Do you think that's superficial? He was a clown, if it's any consolation.
ROB: Did you tell that to Marco when he did his what-does-it-all-mean thing with you?
CHARLIE: Oh God, no. I didn't want to hurt his feelings.