SKYLAR: Why do we always stay here?
WILL: 'Cause it's nicer than my place.
SKYLAR: I've never seen your place.
WILL: Exactly.
SKYLAR: What about your friends? Or your brothers? When do I get to meet them?
WILL: They don't come over here that much.
SKYLAR: I think I can make it to South Boston.
WILL: Aah, it's kind of a hike.
SKYLAR: Is it me you're hiding from them or the other way around?
WILL: All right, all right. We'll go.
SKYLAR: When?
WILL: Sometime. I don't know. Next week.
SKYLAR: What if I said I wouldn't sleep with you again until you let me meet your friends?
WILL: I'd say... It's only four in the mornin', they're prob'ly up.
SKYLAR: You men are shameful. If you're not thinking of your weiner then you're acting on its behalf.
WILL: Then on behalf of my weiner, I'd like to ask for an advance.
MORGAN: Will, I can't believe you brought Skylar here when we're all wrecked. What's she gonna think about us?
WILL: Yeah, Morgan. It's a real rarity that we'd be out drinkin'.
BILLY: I've been shit faced for like two weeks.
MORGAN: Oh great, tell her that! Now she really thinks we're problem drinkers!
CHUCKIE: Two weeks? That's nothin'. My Uncle Marty? Will knows him. That guy fuckin' drinks like you've never seen! One night he was drivin' back to his house on I-93-- Statie pulls him over.
ALL: Oh shit.
CHUCKIE: Guy's tryin' to walk the line--but he can't even fuckin' stand up, and so my uncle's gonna spend a night in jail. Just then there's this fuckin' BOOM like fifty yards down the road. Some guy's car hit a tree.
MORGAN: Some other guy?
CHUCKIE: Yeah, he was probably drunker than my Uncle, who fuckin' knows? So the cop goes Stay here" And he goes runnin' down the highway to deal with the other crash. So
MORGAN: Holy shit.
CHUCKIE: So in the morning, there's a knock on the door it's the Statie. So my Uncle's like, Is there a problem?" And the Statie's like "I pulled you over and you took off." And my Uncle's like "I never seen you before in my life
ALL: No way! You're kiddin'!
CHUCKIE: No, he was so hammered that he drove the police cruiser home. Fuckin' lights and everything!
MORGAN: Did your Uncle get arrested?
CHUCKIE: The fuckin' Trooper was so embarrassed he didn't do anything. The fuckin' guy had been drivin' around in my Uncle's car all night lookin' for the house.