HARLEY: My name is Harley -- Secretary to the President I've been told that you speak our language -- that your name is Mr. Klaatu.
KLAATU: Just Klaatu.
HARLEY: The President asked me to convey his deepest apologies for what has happened. We all feel--
KLAATU: Sit down, Mr. Harley.
HARLEY: I'm sure I don't have to point out that your arrival was something of a surprise. Had you been traveling long?
KLAATU: About five months -- your months.
HARLEY: You must have come a long way.
KLAATU: About 250 million of your miles.
HARLEY: Naturally we're very curious to know where it is you come from.
KLAATU: From another planet. Let's just say that we're neighbors.
HARLEY: It's rather difficult for us to think of another planet as a neighbor.
KLAATU: I'm afraid, in the present situation you'll have to learn to think that way.
HARLEY: The present situation?
KLAATU: I mean the reasons for my coming here.
HARLEY: We're very curious about that, too. Would you care to talk about it?
KLAATU: I'd be glad to. Not now, of course -- with you alone.
HARLEY: Perhaps you'd rather discuss it personally with the President--
KLAATU: This is not a personal matter, Mr. Harley. It concerns all the people on your planet.
HARLEY: I -- I'm not sure I understand--
KLAATU: I want to meet with representatives from all the nations of the Earth.
HARLEY: I'm afraid that would be a little awkward. It's -- it's completely without precedent. And there are practical considerations -- the time involved -- the enormous distances.
KLAATU: I traveled 250 million miles. What about your United Nations?
HARLEY: You know about the United Nations?
KLAATU: We've been monitoring your radio broadcasts for a good many years. That's how we learned your languages. Lately, we've been getting your television also.
HARLEY: You must have a rather strange impression of us.
KLAATU: The first two years of television we were convinced that all you did was wrestle.
HARLEY: I'm sure you recognize from our broad- casts the evil forces that have produced the tension in our world. Surely you would agree--
KLAATU: I am not concerned, Mr. Harley, with the internal affairs of your planet. I consider that to be your business -- not mine.
HARLEY: I was only hoping to make you understand.
KLAATU: My mission here is not to solve your petty squabbles. It concerns the existence of every last creature who lives on Earth.
HARLEY: Perhaps if you could explain a little--
KLAATU: I intend to explain. To all the nations -- simultaneously. How do we proceed, Mr. Harley?
HARLEY: We could call a special meeting of the General Assembly... But of course the UN doesn't represent all of the nations.
KLAATU: Then why not a meeting of all the Chiefs of State?
HARLEY: Believe me, you don't understand. They wouldn't sit down at the same table.