KOESSLER: Murman" was the alter identity of William Heirens
MACKELWAY: I spoke with Lloyd Daitz.
KOESSLER: That gasbag. I can imagine what he said. I'm not ashamed to admit that most of what I know about criminal profiling started with Richard Low. I have also, over the years, I admit, taken credit for many of his accomplishments. He was the most brilliant law enforcement individual I ever met.
MACKELWAY: Was?""
KOESSLER: We had every reason to believe he was on that plane. He was supposed to be on the plane. Everything was incinerated, it was two weeks before we reached the crash site. We, the Director and I, decided it was in everyone's best interest to declare Dick Low dead. That way he could exit a hero.
MACKELWAY: You suspected all along, suspected he was alive. That's why you came to El Paso.
KOESSLER: Dunlevy said there was another case, Ron Rice. In fact, there were two earlier cases where serials were murdered. The second was George Sheldon. I didn't enter it into VICAP -- I'll get you the file.
MACKELWAY: How long ago?
KOESSLER: Both in the last year. I suspected only someone as brilliant as Dick Low could find these guys. Look, whatever Daitz told you, nobody wanted to strip Richard of his badge. You have to get close to be good at what he did, the trick is not to get too close.
MACKELWAY: You knew the arm slash was not Zorro.""
KOESSLER: I suspected, but you were the one Low contacted. That's why I brought you back here.
MACKELWAY: What did you think of the Suspect Zero theory?
KOESSLER: It was neither a valid concept nor a valid fact. Suspect Zero came to represent every killer Dick Low had not caught. The idea took root in his head like a wild irrational vine. For someone like Low, there would always be a Suspect Zero. We couldn't let Richard go where that idea was taking him.
KULOK: Sorry to interrupt you, sir, but I thought you'd like to know.
KOESSLER: What?
KULOK: We have another one.
KOESSLER: Another what?
KULOK: Serial killer killed. In Ft. Myers. Cut up in his van. And this time we got a witness.