JIM: Come in, Dave. Have a seat, make yourself comfortable. Coffee?
FERRIE: Do you remember me, Mr. Garrison? I met you on Carondolet Street right after your election. I congratulated you, remember?
JIM: How could I forget? You make quite a first impression. Sharon, could you please bring us some coffee? I've heard over the years you're quite a first-rate pilot, Dave. Legend has it you can get in and out of any field, no matter how small... I'm a bit of a pilot myself, you know. Flew grasshoppers for the field artillery in the war.
FERRIE: Do you mind if I smoke, Mr. Garrison?
JIM: How could I? Dave, as you know, President Kennedy was assassinated on Friday. A man named Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested as a suspect and then was murdered yesterday by a man named Jack Ruby. We've heard reports that Oswald spent the summer in New Orleans and we've been advised you knew Oswald pretty well.
FERRIE: That's not true. I never met anybody named Oswald. Anybody who told you that has to be crazy.
JIM: But you are aware, he served in your Civil Air Patrol unit when he was a teenager.
FERRIE: No... if he did, I don't remember him. There were lots of kids in and out... y'know.
JIM: I'm sure you've seen this. Perhaps you knew this man under another name?
FERRIE: No, I never saw him before in my life.
JIM: Well that must've been mistaken information we got. Thanks for straightening it out for us. There is one other matter that's come up, Dave. We were told you took a trip to Texas shortly after the assassination of Friday.
FERRIE: Yeah, now that's true. I drove to Houston.
JIM: What was so appealing about Houston?
FERRIE: I hadn't been there ice skating in many years, and I had a couple of young friends with me, and we decided we wanted to go ice skating.
JIM: Dave, may I ask why the urge to go ice skating in Texas happened to strike you during one of the most violent thunderstorms in recent memory?
FERRIE: Oh, it was just a spur of the moment thing... the storm wasn't that bad.
JIM: I see. And where did you drive?
FERRIE: We went straight to Houston, and then Saturday night we drove to Galveston and stayed over there.
JIM: Why Galveston?
FERRIE: No particular reason. Just to go somewhere.
JIM: And then Sunday?
FERRIE: In the morning we went goose hunting. Then headed home, but I dropped the boys off to see some relatives and I stayed in Hammond.
JIM: Did you bag any geese on this trip?
FERRIE: I believe the boys got a couple.
JIM: But the boys told us they didn't get any.
FERRIE: Oh yes, well, come to think of it, they're right. We got to where the geese were and there were thousands of them. But you couldn't approach them. They were a wise bunch of birds.
JIM: Your young friends also told us you had no weapons in the car. Dave, isn't it a bit difficult to hunt for geese without a shotgun?
FERRIE: Yes, now I remember, Mr. Garrison. I'm sorry, I got confused. We got out there near the geese and it was only then we realized we'd forgotten our shotguns. Stupid, right? So of course we didn't get any geese.
JIM: I see. Dave thank you for your time. I'm sorry it has to end inconveniently for you, but I'm going to have you detained for further questioning by the FBI.
FERRIE: Why? What's wrong?
JIM: Dave, I find your story simply not believable.