JACKIE: I thought I did.
NICOLET: You didn't. I would think with all this on your mind, you'd wait till after.
JACKIE: I got there early. I've had my eye on this suit -- Wait, let's start over. I got there early. The idea was to try on the suit, see if I liked it. If I did, get them to wrap it up, and change back into my uniform. That's what Sheronda's expecting me to wear. Go meet Sheronda, give her the bag with fifty thousand, and go home.
NICOLET: But you didn't do that.
JACKIE: Because I didn't have it. Ray, I swear, Melanie came in and grabbed it. And someone killed her for it.
NICOLET: Where's the bag she gave you?
JACKIE: She didn't give me one. I told you before, Melanie wasn't part of the plan. Ordell must of told her to do it. She bursts in, grabs the shopping bag, and takes off. What am I supposed to do, go after her? I'm in my fucking underwear. I had to get dressed before I could do anything. So I put this back on 'cause could put this on faster than I could my uniform.
NICOLET: You took the time to pay the saleswoman.
JACKIE: I had to. I was frantic. I didn't know what to do.
NICOLET: What did you do after that?
JACKIE: I went looking for you. I went straight to the bookstore, 'cause that's where you were last time, but you weren't there. How the hell else am I supposed to let anybody know what happened? You didn't tell me how to do that, did you? I knew I was under surveillance, so when I couldn't spot anybody, I started yelling.
NICOLET: There was a guy with Melanie?
JACKIE: Not in the fitting room.
NICOLET: We had our agent on you. She sees a blonde come out of the fitting room carrying a Robinson's/May bag and tussle with a tough-looking white guy. The white guy takes the shopping bag and they go.
NICOLET: This guy with Melanie, that was Louis Gara?
JACKIE: I didn't see him. I was in my underwear. If it was a white guy, it was probably Louis. He kill Melanie?
NICOLET: It's possible. You're saying you don't have any idea what happened to that fifty thousand?
JACKIE: I have no idea.
NICOLET: You'd take a polygraph on it?
JACKIE: If it'll make you happy.
NICOLET: I sure hope you haven't done anything dumb Jackie.
DARGUS: Can I have a word with you?
NICOLET: Sure.
NICOLET: Louis Gara's dead. L.A.P.D. found him dead in a car on Ninth. And we've lost Ordell.
JACKIE: I thought you were watching him.
NICOLET: We were, and we lost him. He walked into a strip bar sometime around three thirty and never came out. The bar was on Ninth, less than a mile- and-a-half from where Louis was found dead. It looks like Louis's friend shot him twice at point blank range.
JACKIE: So what happens now?
NICOLET: We pick up Ordell. We've got three murders we can link him to. We have the storage unit where he keeps his guns, by tomorrow we'll have a search warrant to go in and get him. And we have you.
JACKIE: What about me?
NICOLET: What about you?
JACKIE: Do you think I took some of that money?
NICOLET: I have no evidence of your taking anything. You didn't pay for your snazzy new suit with marked bills; I was glad to see that. You've been helping us out, you gave us Melanie and Louis. Melanie had a packet of marked bills stuffed in her shorts when they found her, which goes a long way backing up your story.