BEAUMONT: This is supposed to be salvation? What kind of idiocy are we dealing with here?
PATTERSON: I'm calling it my contraption"- we're going to surround it with a boma- a fence
PATTERSON: In that half will be bait- human bait- I'll start things off- -a sliding door will fit above that and a trip wire will run across the floor.
BEAUMONT: Genius- the beast will enter, tripping the wire, the door will slide down, trapping him, you, safe behind the bars, will have him at your mercy and will shoot him.
BEAUMONT: Are you running a high fever, man? How could you expect something as lunatic as this to succeed? How could you even conceive of it?
PATTERSON: I didn't conceive of it for the lions- I built one in India when there was trouble with a tiger.
BEAUMONT: And it worked?
PATTERSON: In point of fact, it didn't. But I'm convinced the theory is sound.
PATTERSON: What?
BEAUMONT: I made a mistake hiring you- you're simply not up to the job.
PATTERSON: You genuinely enjoy trying to terrify people, don't you? Well, fine- -except there isn't a higher rated engineer and we both know that. And since time is so important to you, how long do you think it would take to find someone else qualified and bring him here?
BEAUMONT: Let me explain about time- you've been here three months and already two months behind. And the Germans and the French are gearing up. And I don't care about you and I don't care about the thirty dead- I care about my knighthood and if this railroad finishes on schedule, I'll get my knighthood and I want it. Professional hunters may be the answer.
PATTERSON: All they'll bring is more chaos and we've plenty of that already- and if they come in, word will get out- and what happens to your knighthood then?
BEAUMONT: I'm going to try and locate Redbeard- I assume you've heard of him.
PATTERSON: Every man who's ever fired a rifle has heard of him- by the time you find him, the lions will be dead.
BEAUMONT: Very well, the job's still yours, I'll go. But if I have to return, you're finished. And I will then do everything I can to destroy your reputation. Am I not fair? Told you you'd hate me.