LOUIS: Riots? My people live in the world's most beautiful city, their king has the grandest palaces on earth. Why should they feel anything but pride and contentment?
PIERRE: Well yes, of course, Majesty, and I'm sure they are content... except that... well, they are starving.
LOUIS: Sometimes the poor do grow hungry. But why would they riot about it?
PIERRE: Majesty... We have more than enough food set aside for your birthday celebration next week. If we distributed some of that, we would have time to gather more before --
LOUIS: Aramis! I have been expecting you! We are satisfied, that will do.
ARAMIS: Your birthday celebration, your Majesty?
LOUIS: Next week. This is a mere garden party -- and I wish to join it, so I will be brief. I am experiencing resistance from the Jesuits.
ARAMIS: Well... perhaps you should speak with them, your Majesty.
LOUIS: I have demanded it -- and common priests present themselves! Can you imagine the arrogance? Common Jesuit priests try to act as my equals, and they refuse to reveal the names of anyone else in their order! No one can keep secrets like the Jesuits can, and the identity of their leader is the darkest secret they hold. Even the Pope himself does not know who leads the Jesuit Order in France! He suspects the Governor General of Jesuits, whoever he is, is angling to become Pope himself.
ARAMIS: How can I serve you in this?
LOUIS: Perhaps you can find out who this secret leader of the Jesuits is. You are now a priest, but you were once a Musketeer, serving the throne of France, a throne ordained of God. Can you accept this mission, and keep it private?
ARAMIS: If I find out the identity of this Jesuit rebel. I will kill both him and the man who told me.
LOUIS: Once a Musketeer, always a Musketeer, eh?
LOUIS: Ah yes, the riots. We have food stocks on the wharves right now, no?
PIERRE: That food has spoiled. That is why it was not shipped to the army.
LOUIS: Exactly why it should be given away.
PIERRE: What... an excellent idea, your Majesty!