COUNTESS: No.
RODERICK: Have you had one?
COUNTESS: Never.
RODERICK: But, for a time... a passing fancy?
COUNTESS: Not even that.
RODERICK: How can I believe that there is not a man who has inspired desires in you?
COUNTESS: Not one.
RODERICK: Have you not a man whom you value?
COUNTESS: That man has, perhaps, not yet been born.
RODERICK: What! You have not met a man worthy of your attention?
COUNTESS: Many worthy of attention; but valuing is something more. I could value only someone whom I loved.
RODERICK: Then you have never loved? Your heart is empty.
COUNTESS: Your word empty" makes me laugh. Is it fortunate
RODERICK: It is nonetheless a misfortune, and you will know it when you love.
COUNTESS: But if, when I love, I am unhappy, I will know that my empty heart was my good fortune.
RODERICK: That is true, but it seems to me impossible that you should be unhappy in love.
COUNTESS: It is only too possible. Love requires a mutual harmony which is difficult, and it is even more difficult to make it last.
RODERICK: I agree; but God put us on earth to take that risk.
COUNTESS: A man may need to do that, and find it amusing; but a girl is bound by other laws.
RODERICK: I believe you, and I see I must hasten to leave, for otherwise I shall become the unhappiest of men.
COUNTESS: How so?
RODERICK: By loving you, with no hope of possessing you.
COUNTESS: You want my heart?
RODERICK: It is my only object.
COUNTESS: To make me wretched in two weeks.
RODERICK: To love you until death. To subscribe to all your commands.
COUNTESS: The amusing thing is that you deceive me without knowing, if it is true that you love me.
RODERICK: Deceiving someone without knowing it is something new for me. If I do not know it, I am innocent.
COUNTESS: But you deceive me nonetheless if I believe you, for it will not be in your power to love me when you love me no longer.
COUNTESS: Be so good as to tell me with whom you think you are?
RODERICK: With a woman who is completely charming, be she a princess or a woman of the lowest condition, and who, regardless of her rank, will show me some kindness, tonight.
COUNTESS: And if she does not choose to show you some kindness?
RODERICK: Then I will respectfully take leave of her.
COUNTESS: You will do as you please. It seems to me that such a matter can hardly be discussed until after people know each other. Do you not agree?
RODERICK: Yes -- but I am afraid of being deceived.
COUNTESS: Poor man. And, for that reason, you want to begin where people end?
RODERICK: I ask only a payment on account today -- after that, you will find me undemanding, obedient and discreet.
RODERICK: Will we always leave it at this?
COUNTESS: Always, my dear one, never any further. Love is a child to be pacified with trifles. A full diet can only kill it.
RODERICK: I know better than you do. Love wants a more substantial fare, and if it is stubbornly withheld, it withers away.
COUNTESS: Our abstinence makes our love immortal. If I loved you a quarter of an hour ago, now I should love you even more. But I should love you less if you exhausted my joy by satisfying all my desires.
RODERICK: Let us give each other complete happiness, and let us be sure that as many times as we satisfy our desires, they will each time be born anew.
COUNTESS: My husband has convinced me of the contrary.
RODERICK: Sir William Cosgrove is a man who is dying, and yet I envy him more than any man in Christendom. He enjoys a privilege of which I am deprived. He may take you in his arms whenever he pleases, and no veil keeps his senses, his eyes, his soul from enjoying your beauty.
COUNTESS: Shall I tell you something -- I believed what was called love came after the union -- and I was surprised when my husband, making me a woman, made me know it only by pain, unaccompanied by any pleasure. I saw that my imaginings had stood me in better stead. And so we became only friends, seldom sleeping together and arousing no curiosity in each other, yet on good terms for a while, as whenever he wanted me, I was at his service, but since the offering was not seasoned with love, he found it tasteless, and seldom demanded it.
RODERICK: O, my dearest love. Enough! I beg you. Stop believing in your experience. You have never known love. My very soul is leaving me! Catch it on your lips, and give me yours!