LAMBEAU: This is correct. I see you used Mclullen here--
WILL: I don't know what it's called.
LAMBEAU: --This can't be right. This is going to be very embarrassing. Have you ever considered--
WILL: I'm pretty sure it's right.
WILL: Can I ask you a favor, can we do this at Sean's from now on? 'Cause I leave work to come here and the fuckin' commute is killin' me--
LAMBEAU: That's fine, but did you ever think--
WILL: It's right. Take it home with you.
LAMBEAU: Will, what happened at the Tri-tech meeting?
WILL: I couldn't go 'cause I had a date. So I sent my cheif negotiator.
LAMBEAU: Will, on your own time, you can do what you like. When I set up a meeting, with my associates, and you don't show up it reflects poorly on me.
WILL: Then don't set up any more meetings.
LAMBEAU: I'll cancel every meeting right now. I'll give you a job myself. I just wanted you to see what was out there.
WILL: --Maybe I don't want to spend my life sittin' around and explaining shit to people.
LAMBEAU: The least you can do is show me a little appreciation.
WILL: --You know how fuckin' easy this is to me? This is a joke! And I'm sorry you can't do this. I really am. 'Cause if you could I wouldn't be forced to watch you fumble around and fuck it up.
LAMBEAU: Sure, then you'd have more time to sit around and get drunk. Think of how many fights you could have been in by now.
WILL: Well, I'm sorry.
LAMBEAU: So am I. Yes. That's right, Will. Most days I wish I never met you. Because then I could sleep at night. I wouldn't have to walk around with the knowledge that someone like you was out there. And I wouldn't have to watch you throw it all away.
SKYLAR: Will? Are you awake?
WILL: No.
SKYLAR: Come with me to California.
WILL: What?
SKYLAR: I want you to come with me.
WILL: How do you know that?
SKYLAR: I know. I just do.
WILL: Yeah, but how do you know?
SKYLAR: I don't know. I just feel it.
WILL: And you're sure about that?
SKYLAR: Yeah, I'm sure.
WILL: 'Cause that's a serious thing you're sayin'. I mean, we might be in California next week and you could find out somethin' about me that you don't like. And you might feel like hey this is a big mistake." But you can't take it back
SKYLAR: Take-back?" What is that? I don't want a take-back. I want you to come to California with me."
WILL: I can't go out to California.
SKYLAR: Why not?
WILL: One, because I have a job here and two because I live here--
SKYLAR: Look, Will if you're not in love with me, you can say that.
WILL: I'm not sayin' I'm not in love with you.
SKYLAR: Then what are you afraid of?
WILL: What do you mean What am I afraid of?""
SKYLAR: Why won't you come with me? What are you so scared of?
WILL: What am I scared of?
SKYLAR: Well, what aren't you scared of? You live in your safe little world where nobody challenges you and you're scared shitless to do anything else--
WILL: --Don't tell me about my world. You're the one that's afraid. You just want to have your little fling with the guy from the other side of town and marry--
SKYLAR: Is that what you think--
WILL: --some prick from Stanford that your parents will approve of. Then you'll sit around with the rest of the upper crust kids and talk about how you went slummin' too.
SKYLAR: I inherited that money when I was thirteen, when my father died.
WILL: At least you have a mother.
SKYLAR: Fuck you! You think I want this? That money's a burden to me. Every day I wake up and I wish I could give that back. I'd give everything I have back to spend one more day with my father. But that's life. And I deal with it. So don't put that shit on me. You're the one that's afraid.
WILL: What the fuck am I afraid of?!
SKYLAR: You're afraid of me. You're afraid that I won't love you back. And guess what? I'm afraid too. But at least I have the balls to it give it a shot. At least I'm honest with you.
WILL: I'm not honest?
SKYLAR: What about your twelve brothers?
WILL: Oh, is that what this is about? You want to hear that I don't really have any brothers? That I'm a fuckin' orphan? Is that what you want to hear?
SKYLAR: Yes, Will. I didn't even know that?
WILL: No, you don't want to hear that.
SKYLAR: Yes, I do, Will.
WILL: You don't want to hear that I got cigarettes put out on me when I was a little kid. That this isn't surgery
SKYLAR: Yes I do. Did you ever think that maybe I could help you? That maybe that's the point, that we're a team?
WILL: What, you want to come in here and save me? Is that what you want to do? Do I have a sign that says save me" on my back?"
SKYLAR: I don't want to save" you. I just want to be with you. I love you. I love you!"
WILL: Don't bullshit me! Don't fuckin' bullshit me!
SKYLAR: You know what I want to hear? I want to hear that you don't love me. If you tell me that, then I'll leave you alone. I won't ask any questions and I won't be in your life.