LINDA: What are you doin' up again, Frank? You need to get a little sleep.
FRANK: Did Vaughan go home?
LINDA: Yeah, he has to go to work in a little while. I do too.
FRANK: Did Karl go to bed?
LINDA: I guess. He went to the garage. Poor thing, he's probably never seen such a crazy mess. He probably wants to go back and live in Mr. Cox's shop.
FRANK: I bet he don't. Karl likes me.
LINDA: I know he does.
FRANK: Mama?
LINDA: Huh?
FRANK: Is everything gonna be all right someday? I just stay nervous all the time just about.
LINDA: Yeah, honey, someday everything's gonna be all right.
FRANK: Doyle wouldn't really kill you, would he?
LINDA: I promise we're gonna get away from him. The time has to be right, that's all. I'd rather him get tired of me and leave me. Then he wouldn't want to hurt me. He wouldn't care then. We'll be fine. I promise. You go to bed now. I love you.
FRANK: I love you, too, Mama.
LINDA: You scared me.
KARL: I didn't aim to.
LINDA: Want to sit down? Did you need somethin'?
KARL: No ma'am.
KARL: Two fellers was on a bridge a takin' a leak and one feller says the water was cold and the other said it was deep water. One of 'em came from Arkansas, I believe.
LINDA: I'll be dog.
KARL: Do you reckon you can make me some biscuits?
LINDA: Right now?
KARL: Just whenever you take a notion to. I don't aim to put you out.
LINDA: Well, it is nearly breakfast time anyway. I can't go to sleep. I have to be at work in three hours. You know how it is when you just sleep an hour or two, you feel worse than if you hadn't slept at all?
KARL: Yes ma'am.
LINDA: Well, set down and I'll make some biscuits and gravy.
KARL: Mustard's good on 'em to me.
LINDA: Okay.
KARL: Thank ye.
LINDA: It's all right. You know I was thinkin' there's this girl that works with me. She's real heavy, but she's cute in the face. Well, you know, she's slow. She's a little bit, I think. She's not retarded, just -- it don't matter, listen to me. I thought you might like to meet her. Vaughan wants to have a little supper over at his house and we could invite her. Would you like that?
KARL: I wouldn't mind a havin' supper.
LINDA: Vaughan's friend" will be there
KARL: I like Frank. He's a good boy. Me and him's made friends.
KARL: Hit ain't right for me to keep from tellin' you how come me to be put in the state hospital.
LINDA: That's okay. It's not really my business. I have wondered though. Why was it? Was it like a nervous breakdown?
KARL: I killed my mother and a old boy name Jesse Dixon. I thought they was a-doin' wrong. I was about your boy's age. They say I'm well now from it.
LINDA: Was that you? I remember that. I was only three or four, but I always heard about it growin' up. They say you're well?
KARL: Yes ma'am. I like your garage. I wouldn't never hurt you or your boy. I'd lay my hand on the Bible and say the same thing.
LINDA: I believe you. I really do.
BILL: How 'bout you, Jerry.
WOOLRIDGE: How are you, Bill?
BILL: Doin' pretty good. Got a sick tiller here. What's got you down this way?
WOOLRIDGE: Just thought I'd check on Karl and see if everything's working out.
BILL: Well, he's pretty quiet. Except for them rackets and breathin' things he does. Ain't threatened me with a killin' or anything. But boy you couldn't of been more right about him fixin' things. That son of a bitch is a regular Eli Whitney on a lawnmower. Loves french fries. Eats four larges and don't even so much as belch. I'm proud to have him.
WOOLRIDGE: Is him stayin' here workin' out?
BILL: He's gone to stayin' over with that Wheatley boy and his mama in their garage. I think that little boy adopted him damn near like a mascot. But he's got a key here to come and go as he pleases. Everything's worked out good.
WOOLRIDGE: Can I see him?
BILL: Sure.