RICK: Oh. I saved my first drink to have with you. Here.
ILSA: No. No, Rick. Not tonight.
RICK: Especially tonight.
ILSA: Please.
RICK: Why did you have to come to Casablanca? There are other places.
ILSA: I wouldn't have come if I had known that you were here. Believe me, Rick, it's true. I didn't know.
RICK: It's funny about your voice, how it hasn't changed. I can still hear it. Richard dear
ILSA: Please don't. Don't, Rick. I can understand how you feel.
RICK: Huh! You understand how I feel. How long was it we had, honey?
ILSA: I didn't count the days.
RICK: Well, I did. Every one of them. Mostly I remember the last one. A wow finish. A guy standing on a station platform in the rain with a comical look on his face, because his insides had been kicked out.
ILSA: Can I tell you a story, Rick?
RICK: Has it got a wow finish?
ILSA: I don't know the finish yet.
RICK: Well, go on, tell it. Maybe one will come to you as you go along.
ILSA: It's about a girl who had just come to Paris from her home in Oslo. At the house of some friends she met a man about whom she'd heard her whole life, a very great and courageous man. He opened up for her a whole beautiful world full of knowledge and thoughts and ideals. Everything she knew or ever became was because of him. And she looked up to him and worshipped him with a feeling she supposed was love.
RICK: Yes, that's very pretty. I heard a story once. As a matter of fact, I've heard a lot of stories in my time. They went along with the sound of a tinny piano playing in the parlor downstairs, Mister
STRASSER: I strongly suspect that Ugarte left the letters of transit with Mr. Blaine. I would suggest you search the cafe immediately and thoroughly.
RENAULT: If Rick has the letters, he's much too smart to let you find them there.
STRASSER: You give him credit for too much cleverness. My impression was that he's just another blundering American.
RENAULT: But we mustn't underestimate American blundering. I was with them when they blundered" into Berlin in 1918."
STRASSER: As to Laszlo, we want him watched twenty-four hours a day.
RENAULT: It may interest you to know that at this very moment he is on his way here.