ETHAN: So there's one thing we know Ambrose doesn't.
SWANBECK: Then you do think it was Ambrose.
ETHAN: Whatever Nekhorvich was carrying Sean wanted and he wanted to conceal the fact that he took it.
SWANBECK: Enough to kill Nekhorvich and two hundred innocent passengers?
ETHAN: Sean feels he hasn't done the job unless he leaves a lot of hats on the ground.
SWANBECK: The question is why? What was this Chimera Nekhorvich was carrying?
ETHAN: Right now only Ambrose knows that.
SWANBECK: In any case, you've got to recover Chimera and bring it to us.
ETHAN: In order to do that, I've got to figure out how he plans to make money with it.
SWANBECK: - right. In fact since the plane went down our banking sources have confirmed a marked increase in the stock pilling of cash in terrorists accounts.
ETHAN: 'Terrorists?'
SWANBECK: Well you know Nekhorvich's history. You're the one who got him out of the Soviet Union was it still in bio- weapon business.
ETHAN: If that's what you're thinking Ambrose would have set up a bidding situation with any number of buyers before he got on the plane. Locating him in time to stop something like that -
SWANBECK: - is where Miss Hall comes in.
ETHAN: Excuse me?
SWANBECK: Miss Hall and Ambrose had a relationship which he took very seriously. She walked away and he's wanting her back ever since. We believe she's our surest and quickest way of location him.
ETHAN: And then what?
SWANBECK: Then makes sure she continues to see him. Gets him confide in her and report to you.
ETHAN: You made it sound as if I was recruiting her for her skills as a thief.
SWANBECK: Well, then I mislead you. Or you made the wrong assumption. Either way we're asking her to resume a prior relationship, not do anything she hasn't already done.
ETHAN: She's got no training for this kind of thing.
SWANBECK: Go to bed with a man and lie to him? She's a woman. She's got all the training she needs.
ETHAN: I don't think I can get her to do it.
SWANBECK: You mean it'll be difficult.
ETHAN: Very.
SWANBECK: Well it's not mission <i>difficult,</i> Hunt. It's mission <i>impossible.</i> Difficult should be a walk in the park for you. If you can think of a quicker way to get to Ambrose, you're welcome to try. Oh, by the way, you might want to take a look at these..if you have any further qualms about getting her to do the job.