LULA: M-i-ss-i-ss-i-pp-i... You can almost hear that jazz blowin' up from the big N.O.
SAILOR: Lula... I learned somethin' interestin' today on a science show I heard on the radio... How leeches is comin' back into style.
LULA: Say what? Honestly, sugar, you can talk more shit sometimes?
SAILOR: Got you a pack of Mores again, huh?
LULA: Yeah, it's a real problem for me, Sailor, you know? When I went in that drugstore by the restaurant in Biloxi? I saw 'em by the register and the girl throw 'em in. I'm not big on resistin'. So what about a leech?
SAILOR: Heard on the radio how doctors is usin' leeches again, just in old times. You know, when even barbers used 'em?
LULA: I got one on me at Lake Lanier. Lifeguard poured salt on it and it dropped off. Felt awful. He was a cute boy, though, so it was almost worth it.
SAILOR: Yeah, well listen to this... Radio said back in the 1920s a I-talian doctor figured out that if, say, a fella got his nose cut off or bit off in, say, a barfight or somethin', they'd sew one of his forearms to his nose for a few weeks... Then put leeches on it.
LULA: Sailor? You expect me to believe a man'd be goin' around with a arm sewed to his nose?
SAILOR: How they used to do it. Course they got more sophisticated ways now. Radio said the Chinese, I think it is, figured a better idea is by insertin' a balloon in the forehead and lettin' it hang down on the nose.
LULA: Sailor Ripley! You stop! You're makin' this shit up and I ain't gonna sit for it!
SAILOR: Honest, Lula. I prob'ly ain't precisely got all the facts straight, but it's about what they said.
LULA: Honey, we're goin' to bed now and it's time to change the subject.
SAILOR: We're about dry bones, sweetheart. We don't wanna have to push this bird" into New Orleans."
LULA: We sure don't, honey... Get me a Mounds?
BLACK MAN: Sorry, gentlemen. I'm 'most finished on my shoppin' here.
ERV: This be it?
BLACK MAN: Y'all take American Express?
ERV: Yessir.
BLACK MAN: Then lemme throw in a couple more things.