CONWAY: But Mr. Chang, all these things - books, instruments, sculpture - do you mean to say they were all brought in over those mountains by porters?
CHANG: They were.
CONWAY: Well, it must have taken–
CHANG: Centuries.
CONWAY: Centuries! Where did you get the money to pay for all those treasures?
CHANG: Of course we have no money as you know it. We do not buy or sell or seek personal fortunes because, well, because there is no uncertain future here for which to accumulate it.
CONWAY: That would suit me perfectly. I'm always broke. How did you pay for them?
CHANG: Our Valley is very rich in a metal called gold, which fortunately for us is valued very highly in the outside world. So we merely . . .
CONWAY: —buy and sell?
CHANG: Buy and - sell? No, no, pardon me, exchange .
CONWAY: I see. Gold for ideas. You know Mr. Chang, there's something so simple and naive about all of this that I suspect there has been a shrewd, guiding intelligence somewhere. Whose idea was it? How did it all start?
CHANG: That, my dear Conway, is the story of a remarkable man.
CONWAY: Who?
CHANG: A Belgian priest by the name of Father Perrault, the first European to find this place, and a very great man indeed. He is responsible for everything you see here. He built Shangri-La, taught our natives, and began our collection of art. In fact, Shangri-La is Father Perrault.
CONWAY: When was all this?
CHANG: Oh, let me see - way back in 1713, I think it was, that Father Perrault stumbled into the Valley, half frozen to death. It was typical of the man that, one leg being frozen, and of course there being no doctors here, he amputated the leg himself.
CONWAY: He amputated his own leg?
CHANG: Yes. Oddly enough, later, when he had learned to understand their language, the natives told him he could have saved his leg. It would have healed without amputation.
CONWAY: Well, they didn't actually mean that.
CHANG: Yes, yes. They were very sincere about it too. You see, a perfect body in perfect health is the rule here. They've never known anything different. So what was true for them they thought would naturally be true for anyone else living here.
CONWAY: Well, is it?
CHANG: Rather astonishingly so, yes. And particularly so in the case of Father Perrault himself. Do you know when he and the natives were finished building Shangri-La, he was 108 years old and still very active, in spite of only having one leg?
CONWAY: 108 and still active?
CHANG: You're startled?
CONWAY: Oh, no. Just a little bowled over, that's all.
CHANG: Forgive me. I should have told you it is quite common here to live to a very ripe old age. Climate, diet, mountain water, you might say. But we like to believe it is the absence of struggle in the way we live. In your countries, on the other hand, how often do you hear the expression, He worried himself to death?" or
CONWAY: Very often.
CHANG: And very true. Your lives are therefore, as a rule, shorter, not so much by natural death as by indirect suicide.
CONWAY: That's all very fine if it works out. A little amazing, of course.
CHANG: Why, Mr. Conway, you surprise me!
CONWAY: I surprise you? Now that's news.
CHANG: I mean, your amazement. I could have understood it in any of your companions, but you - who have dreamed and written so much about better worlds. Or is it that you fail to recognize one of your own dreams when you see it?
CONWAY: Mr. Chang, if you don't mind, I think I'll go on being amazed - in moderation, of course.
CHANG: Then everything is quite all right, isn't it?