EDDIE: Sarah, do you think I'm a loser?
SARAH: A loser?
EDDIE: Yeah. I met this guy -- Gordon, Bert Gordon. He said I was. Born loser.
SARAH: Would he know?
EDDIE: He knows. A lot.
SARAH: Why did he tell you?
EDDIE: I don't know. I'm not sure. He said there are people who want to lose, who are always looking for an excuse to lose.
SARAH: What does he do, this Bert Gordon?
EDDIE: He's a gambler.
SARAH: Is he a winner?
EDDIE: Well, he owns things.
SARAH: Is that what makes a winner?
EDDIE: Well, what else does?
SARAH: Does it bother you? What he said?
EDDIE: Yeah. Yeah. It bothers me a lot. 'Cause, you see, twice, Sarah -- once at Ames with Minnesota Fats and then again at Arthur's... ...in that cheap, crummy poolroom... Now, why'd I do it, Sarah? Why'd I do it? I coulda beat that guy, I coulda beat him cold. He never woulda known. But I just had to show 'em, I just had to show those creeps and those punks what the game is like when it's great, when it's really great. You know, like anything can be great -- anything can be great... I don't care, bricklaying can be great. If a guy knows. If he knows what he's doing and why, and if he can make it come off. I mean, when I'm goin' -- when I'm really goin' -- I feel like... ...like a jockey must feel. He's sittin' on his horse, he's got all that speed and that power underneath him, he's comin' into the stretch, the pressure's on him -- and he knows -- just feels -- when to let it go, and how much. 'Cause he's got everything workin' for him -- timing, touch. It's a great feeling, boy, it's a real great feeling when you're right, and you know you're right. It's like all of a sudden I got oil in my arm. Pool cue's part of me. You know, it's a -- pool cue's got nerves in it. It's a piece of wood -- it's got nerves in it. You feel the roll of those balls. You don't have to look. You just know. Ya make shots that nobody's ever made before. And you play that game the way nobody's ever played it before.
SARAH: You're not a loser, Eddie. You're a winner. Some men never get to feel that way about anything. I love you, Eddie.
EDDIE: You know, someday, Sarah, you're gonna settle down. You're gonna marry a college professor, and you're gonna write a great book. Maybe about me, huh? Fast Eddie Felson, hustler.
SARAH: I love you.
EDDIE: You need the words?
SARAH: Yes, I need them very much. And if you ever say them I'll never let you take them back.
EDDIE: You glad?
SARAH: Yes, I'm glad.
BERT: Hello, Eddie.
EDDIE: Hi. How's business?
BERT: Ahh, slow... Why the open hand bridge? Something wrong with your hand?
EDDIE: Yeah. Had a little accident. A place called Arthur's.
BERT: Oh. You seem to do all right that way.
EDDIE: I'd say my game is about twenty per cent off. Maybe more.
BERT: What happened? Somebody step on your hands?
EDDIE: Yeah. Big creep. Broke my thumbs.
BERT: Man named Turk Baker?
EDDIE: You know everybody, don't you?
BERT: Everybody who can hurt me, everybody who can help me. It pays.
EDDIE: Maybe you oughta give me lessons.
BERT: Sign up.
EDDIE: Where do I sign?
BERT: The first match I got in mind for you is in Louisville, Kentucky.
EDDIE: You name the place, boss. I'll be there.
BERT: What happened to you anyway?
EDDIE: Like I told ya. My thumbs.
BERT: No, I don't mean the thumbs. You already told me about the thumbs.
EDDIE: I been thinking.
BERT: Thinking about what?
EDDIE: Maybe I'm not such a high-class piece of property right now. And a twenty- five per cent slice of something big is better than a hundred per cent slice of nothin'.
BERT: Hey, get us a couple of drinks here, will ya? J. T. S. Brown.