HUBERT: Yes, yes--tell them I'll see them immediately--immediately! I can't hold them off! They want something to say about this appointment. Ten to one they've got a man.
MCGANN: Relax, Happy. Jim said to wait.
HUBERT: I *can't* wait, McGann! You go into that room and tell Jim Taylor and Joe Paine that I give them *one more minute*--
MCGANN: *You* tell Jim Taylor.
HUBERT: Washington! Always discussing the problems of Washington. Nobody ever thinks of the State--and my problems! I *will* tell Jim Taylor. It's high *time* I told him a thing or two!
HUBERT: Look here, Jim--if you and Joe are going to gab about this appointment *any* longer, I'm going ahead and see those committees!
TAYLOR: You'll see those committees when we're finished!
HUBERT: Yes, Jim.
TAYLOR: That Happy Hopper is tougher to handle than a prima-donna.
PAINE: --in other words, Jim--with this Willet Creek Dam on the fire--the man who goes to the Senate now in Sam Foley's place can't ask any questions or talk out of turn. We must be absolutely sure of him.
TAYLOR: That's why I say Miller--Horace Miller. He jumped through hoops for the machine before we moved him up to the bench. He'll take orders.
PAINE: Jim--suppose we didn't try to go through with this Willet Creek Dam-- suppose we postpone it until the next session of Congress--or drop it altogether--
TAYLOR: That'd be a crime--after all this work--getting it buried in this Deficiency Bill as nice as you please-- approved--all ready to roll--
PAINE: How much does the Willet Dam mean to you, Jim?
TAYLOR: Joe--I've got a lot of people to take care of in this State.
PAINE: I know, but is it worth the risk of a scandal now that a new man is going to the Senate?
TAYLOR: Joe--what's the matter with you-- where you're concerned, I wouldn't take the slightest risk--'specially now after the great reputation you've made in the Senate. Why, look at this campaign I've started for you in all my papers. You're the logical man from the West on the National ticket--at the convention, anything can happen--
TAYLOR: Joe, that's coming a long way in twenty years since I met you practising law down there in Main Street.
PAINE: Jim--if what you say about the future is remotely possible--why not do as I say--drop things like this dam?
TAYLOR: We can't drop it now, Joe. We bought the land around this Dam and we're holding it in dummy names. If we drop it or delay it--we are going to bring about investigations, and investigations will show that we own that land and are trying to sell it to the State under phoney names. No, Joe, in my judgment the only thing to do is push this Dam through--and get it over with.
PAINE: Well, then appoint Miller--if you're sure he'll take orders.
TAYLOR: Don't worry about Horace--he'll take orders. Come on--