ANNIE: I guess you knew that, anyway.
MELANIE: I suspected as much.
ANNIE: You needn't worry. It's over and done with. A long time ago.
MELANIE: Annie -- there's nothing between Mitch and me.
ANNIE: Isn't there? Maybe there isn't. Maybe there's never anything between Mitch and any girl.
MELANIE: What do you mean?
ANNIE: I think I'll have some of that, too. I was seeing quite a lot of him in San Francisco, you know. And then, one weekend, he asked me up to meet Lydia.
MELANIE: When was this?
ANNIE: Four years ago. Of course, that was shortly after his father died. Things may be different now.
MELANIE: Different?
ANNIE: With Lydia. Did she seem a trifle distant?
MELANIE: A trifle.
ANNIE: Then maybe it isn't different at all. You know, her attitude nearly drove me crazy. I simply couldn't understand it.
ANNIE: When I got back to San Francisco I spent days trying to figure out just what I'd done to displease her.
MELANIE: And what had you done?
ANNIE: Nothing! I simply existed. So what was the answer? A jealous woman, right? A clinging possessive mother. Wrong. With all due respect to Oedipus, I don't think that was the case at all.
MELANIE: Then what was it?
ANNIE: Lydia liked me, you see. That was the strange part of it. In fact, now that I'm no longer a threat, we're very good friends.
MELANIE: Then why did she object to you?
ANNIE: Because she was afraid.
MELANIE: Afraid you'd take Mitch?
ANNIE: Afraid I'd give Mitch.
MELANIE: I don't understand.
ANNIE: Afraid of any woman who'd give Mitch the only thing Lydia can give him -- love.
MELANIE: Annie, that adds up to a jealous, possessive woman.
ANNIE: No, I don't think so. She's not afraid of losing her son, you see. She's only afraid of being abandoned.
MELANIE: Someone ought to tell her she'd be gaining a daughter.
ANNIE: She already has a daughter.
MELANIE: What about Mitch? Didn't he have anything to say about this?
ANNIE: I can understand his position. He went through a lot with Lydia after his father died. He didn't want to risk going through it all over again.
MELANIE: I see.
ANNIE: So it ended. Not immediately, of course. I went back to San Francisco, and I still saw Mitch every now and then... but we both knew it was finished.
MELANIE: Then what are you doing here in Bodega Bay?
ANNIE: You get straight to the point, don't you?
MELANIE: I'm sorry. Forgive me.
ANNIE: No, that's all right, I don't mind. I came up here for two reasons. To begin with, I was bored with my job in San Francisco. I was teaching at a private school there... well, you know, you probably went to one yourself.
MELANIE: I did.
ANNIE: Then you know. Little girls in brown beanies. Deadly. Here I have a life. I'll go into that classroom on Monday morning, and I'll look out at twenty- five upturned little faces, and each of them will be saying, 'Yes, please give me what you have.' And I'll give them what I have. I haven't got very much, but I'll give them every ounce of it. To me, that's very important. It makes me want to stay alive for a long long time. That's the first reason.
MELANIE: And the second?
ANNIE: I wanted to be near Mitch. It was over, and I knew it, but I wanted to be near him, anyway. You see, I still like him a hell of a lot. That's rare, I think. I don't want to lose his friendship... ever.