RANDAL: How's your eye?
DANTE: The swelling's not so bad. But the FDS stings. How's your neck?
RANDAL: It's hard to swallow.
RANDAL: You didn't have to choke me.
DANTE: Why the fuck did you tell Veronica that I was going to dump her for Caitlin?
RANDAL: I thought I was doing you a favor.
DANTE: Thanks.
RANDAL: You were saying how you couldn't initiate change yourself, so I figured I'd help you out.
DANTE: Jesus.
RANDAL: You still didn't have to choke me.
DANTE: Oh please! I'm surprised I didn't kill you.
RANDAL: Why do you say that?
DANTE: Why do I say that? Randal... forget it.
RANDAL: No, really. What did I do that was so wrong?
DANTE: What don't you do? Randal, sometimes it seems like the only reason you come to work is to make my life miserable.
RANDAL: How do you figure?
DANTE: What time did you get to work today?
RANDAL: Like ten after.
DANTE: You were over half an hour late. Then all you do is come over here.
RANDAL: To talk to you.
DANTE: Which means the video store is ostensibly closed.
RANDAL: It's not like I'm miles away.
DANTE: Unless you're out renting videos at other video stores.
RANDAL: Hermaphrodites! I rented it so we could watch it together!
DANTE: You get my slapped with a fine, you fight with the customers and I have to patch everything up. You get us chased out of a funeral by violating a corpse. To top it all off, you ruin my relationship. What's your encore? Do you anally rape my mother while pouring sugar in my gas tank? You know what the real tragedy is? I'm not even supposed to be here today!
RANDAL: Fuck you. Fuck you, pal. Listen to you trying to pass the buck again. I'm the source of all your misery. Who closed the store to play hockey? Who closed the store to attend a wake? Who tried to win back an ex- girlfriend without even discussing how he felt with his present one? You wanna blame somebody, blame yourself. I'm not even supposed to be here today." You sound like an asshole. Whose choice was it to be here today? Nobody twisted your arm. You're here today of your own violation
RANDAL: I threw out the stuff that got broken. The floor looks clean.
DANTE: You need a ride?
RANDAL: Got one. Just pulled up.
DANTE: Do you work tomorrow?
RANDAL: Same time. What about you?
DANTE: I'm calling out. Going to hit the hospital-see how Caitlin is. Then try to see Veronica.
RANDAL: You wanna grab something to eat tomorrow night... after I get out of here?
DANTE: I'll call you. Let you know.
RANDAL: All right. Good luck with Veronica. If you want, I can talk to her, you know, and explain...
DANTE: No thanks. I'll take care of it. We've got a lot of shit to talk about.
RANDAL: Helluva day.
DANTE: To say the least.
RANDAL: Do you need a hug or something? 'Cause I would have no hang-ups about hugging you... you know, you being a guy and all. Just don't knead my ass when you do it.
DANTE: Get the fuck outta here already.
RANDAL: I'm gone. I'll talk to you tomorrow.