SAM: Good thinking.
KEN: You can tie whoever did it to Sandra Van Ryan...
SAM: Forget it.
KEN: Lady has some deep pockets. That's all I'm saying.
SAM: I know how deep her pockets are, Ken. I thought I might be able to save my fucking house with an equity loan. Guess who's on the board of directors at the bank?
SAM: Can't you take that stupid thing off?
KEN: Not in here. Chiropractor comes in here for lunch sometimes.
KEN: You're not in bad shape, really. I know you think you are, but you're not. Let me tell you why. Sandra Van Ryan.
SAM: What's that supposed to mean?
KEN: For you to be getting this kind of heat, for what they have on you... It doesn't add up. Sandra Van Ryan's got 'em running scared. And I'll tell you something else, you rush, you get careless.
SAM: Nellie Gail Ranch...
KEN: Sound nice? It's a fucking drug rehab farm. It's where Kelly Van Ryan went when her morn fished her out of the swamp. Meanwhile, you get educator of the year I mean there's no way they can put this thing in front of a jury. Shit, they haven't even taken your statement yet. Reason? They're still shoveling dirt and my guess is, they're coming up empty. Now tell me I'm right.
SAM: There's nothing for them to get.
KEN: Good. So what we're going to do is march right to Hunter's doorstep. We're going to insist they take a statement. We're going to tell them to charge your ass or get off your back. They're walking a fine line here. Defamation of character, malicious prosecution...
SAM: I just want my life back...
KEN: Fair enough. Let's go make a statement.
RAY: Why don't you tell us one more time, how Kelly came to be with you, alone in your house.
SAM: Story's the same, Detective...
SAM: I had to go look for this coupon.
RAY: The one you bought at school.
SAM: Like I said, I hadn't really expected to use it. Anyway, I'm going through a drawer. I hear a car. I look out the window. I see Nicole driving away. I leave my room, and there's Kelly.
RAY: In cutoffs, a wet T-shirt.
SAM: Yes.
RAY: And she wanted to talk.
SAM: Yes.
RAY: But you can't tell us what she wanted to talk about.
SAM: I could, but it's confidential. Look, the point is, we didn't talk. I told her this was not an appropriate time or place.
RAY: And she began to cry. And you put an arm around her.
SAM: Yes. Mainly to turn her toward the door. I told her we would talk on Monday, in the office.
GLORIA: And when you turned her toward the door, where did you expect her to go, without a car?
SAM: Again. I think we covered this. I told her I was going to call a cab.
RAY: But she ran away.
SAM: That's right.
GLORIA: Did you call anyone? Did you call her house to see if she got home? Did you call the Masons?
SAM: No.
GLORIA: Weren't you a little worried about her...?
SAM: There's a strip mall not half a mile from my house. There's phones there. I cruised the place, but I didn't see her. I figured she was probably there but that she was angry and didn't want to be found. I don't know... Maybe I should have called. But it's not like Kelly can't take care of herself. I figured we'd just take it up on Monday, in the office.
RAY: But you do admit to touching her, to putting your arm around her. Isn't that against the rules?
SAM: It is and I don't. Ordinarily... But, I mean... there's this kid standing in front of you crying...
RAY: With a thirty-five inch bustline in a wet T-shirt with no bra...
SAM: Fuck you. This is bullshit. I'm outta here.
RAY: Sit down, Lombardo.