WES: Looks like at the end of the day we finally find out who's better than who, don't we, Epps? Like I said; I expected more from you.
EPPS: It's like I said; you don't really know lieutenant John Epps very well, do you?
EPPS: Damn it. We lost the horses.
JAEGER: The...the gold...
EPPS: It wasn't the gold. It was the claymore mine. The gold's in my pack.
JAEGER: When did you make the switch?
EPPS: It's always been like that. When you left me down in the crevice to send the gold up I figured I'd better...take precautions. I rigged it to blow if anyone opened the pack. Just in case somebody thought they could do better on their own.
JAEGER: But...
EPPS: We had a deal. No one touches the gold until we're out of here. No one breaks the deal, no one had anything to worry about.
JAEGER: What if it hadn't been Wes? What if...I mean, accidently, what if I had...
EPPS: You shouldn't think about things like that. It'll just make you crazy.
JAEGER: Well?
EPPS: A car's got to come along sooner or later. When it does, we jack it.
JAEGER: How do we do that?
EPPS: You lie in the middle of the road, look like you're hurt. When the car stops I run over to the driver and put a gun to his head.
JAEGER: Why do I have to lie in the road?
EPPS: Somebody has to.
JAEGER: Yeah, but why me? What if the car doesn't stop?
EPPS: Then I'm a rich man.
JAEGER: Epps.
EPPS: Yeah.
JAEGER: I want you to know... I don't know. I just think you're a hell of a guy.
EPPS: Thanks.
JAEGER: This whole time, you've kept your head. You didn't go money simple like me and Wes. You've just been trying to figure how to get us out of here. And you've been fair too. I mean, even after I...you know...
EPPS: Threatened to blow my brains out?
JAEGER: Yeah. Even after that. You didn't take it out on me, except for maybe making me lie in the middle of the road now. But I'd say you've been very fair. I just think it's a hell of a man who can keep from going money simple.
EPPS: Don't make so much out of it. Only reason I haven't figured a way to get all that money for myself is because I've been too busy figuring ways to stay alive. Believe me; if I had a minute to catch my breath I might have played things the way you and Wes had. I'm no better than anybody else. I've just been busier.
JAEGER: Epps?
EPPS: What?
JAEGER: I'm thinking about taking a trip.
EPPS: Thought you were going to buy a car.
JAEGER: Still am. There's more gold than I thought, and since there's only two of us now... Where should I go?
EPPS: I don't know.
JAEGER: I've never been anywhere. I wouldn't know where to go. Where would you go?
EPPS: How the hell should I know?
EPPS: Australia.
JAEGER: What?
EPPS: I'd go to Australia. Lot of land, not many people. I think after this I'd like to quit people for awhile. And the girls go crazy for brothers down there.
JAEGER: Really?
EPPS: That's what I hear. Don't matter. Girls go crazy everywhere for a man with gold.
JAEGER: Well, this is it. We get the car, find some Americans. We find Americans we'll be all right.
EPPS: We'll make up some kind of lie. They won't find the gold.