SUGAR: Put it here.
JOE: Sugar, you're going to get yourself into a lot of trouble.
SUGAR: Better keep a lookout.
JOE: If Bienstock catches you again - What's the matter with you, anyway?
SUGAR: I'm not very bright, I guess.
JOE: I wouldn't say that. Careless, maybe.
SUGAR: No, just dumb. If I had any brains, I wouldn't be on this crummy train with this crummy girls' band.
JOE: Then why did you take this job?
SUGAR: I used to sing with male bands. But I can't afford it any more.
JOE: Afford it?
SUGAR: Have you ever been with a male band?
JOE: Me?
SUGAR: That's what I'm running away from. I worked with six different ones in the last two years. Oh, brother!
JOE: Rough?
SUGAR: I'll say.
JOE: You can't trust those guys.
SUGAR: I can't trust myself. The moment I'd start with a new band - bingo!
JOE: Bingo?
SUGAR: You see, I have this thing about saxophone players.
JOE: Really?
SUGAR: Especially tenor sax. I don't know what it is, but they just curdle me. All they have to do is play eight bars of Come to Me My Melancholy Baby" - and my spine turns to custard
JOE: That so?
SUGAR: Every time!
JOE: You know - I play tenor sax.
SUGAR: But you're a girl, thank goodness.
JOE: Yeah.
SUGAR: That's why I joined this band. Safety first. Anything to get away from those bums.
JOE: Yeah.
SUGAR: You don't know what they're like. You fall for them and you love 'em - you think it's going to be the biggest thing since the Graf Zeppelin - and the next thing you know they're borrowing money from you and spending it on other dames and betting on the horses -
JOE: You don't say?
SUGAR: Then one morning you wake up and the saxophone is gone and the guy is gone, and all that's left behind is a pair of old socks and a tube of toothpaste, all squeezed out.
JOE: Men!
SUGAR: So you pull yourself together and you go on to the next job, and the next saxophone player, and it's the same thing all over again. See what I mean? - not very bright.
JOE: Brains aren't everything.
SUGAR: I can tell you one thing - it's not going to happen to me again. Ever. I'm tired of getting the fuzzy end of the lollipop.