NEIL: I've found it.
TODD: Found what?
NEIL: What I want to do! Right now. What is really inside of me.
TODD: A Midsummer Night's Dream. What is it?
NEIL: A play, dummy.
TODD: I know that. What's it got to do with you?
NEIL: They're putting it on at Henley Hall. See, open try-outs.
TODD: So?
NEIL: So I'm gonna act! Ever since I can remember I've wanted to try it. Last summer I even tried to go to summer stock auditions but of course my father wouldn't let me.
TODD: And now he will?
NEIL: Hell no, but that's not the point. The point is for the first time in my whole goddamned life, I know what I want, and for the first time I'm gonna do it whether my father wants me to or not! Carpe diem, goddamn it!
TODD: Neil, how are you gonna be in a play if your father won't let you?
NEIL: First I gotta get the part, then I'll worry about that.
TODD: Won't he kill you if you don't let him know you're auditioning?
NEIL: As far as I'm concerned, he won't have to know about any of it.
TODD: Come on, that's impossible.
NEIL: Horseshit. Nothing's impossible.
TODD: Why don't you ask him first? Maybe he'll say yes.
NEIL: That's a laugh. If I don't ask, at least I won't be disobeying him.
TODD: But if he said no before then...
NEIL: Jesus Christ, whose side are you on? I haven't even gotten the part yet. Can't I enjoy the idea even for a little while?
NEIL: By the way, there's a meeting this afternoon. You coming?
TODD: I guess.
NEIL: None of what Mr. Keating has to say means shit to you, does it?
TODD: What is that supposed to mean?
NEIL: Being in the club means being stirred up by things. You look about as stirred up as a cesspool.
TODD: You want me out... is that what you're saying?
NEIL: No, I want you in. But being in means you gotta do something. Not just say you're in.
TODD: Listen Neil, I appreciate your interest in me but I'm not like you. When you say things, people pay attention. People follow you. I'm not like that.
NEIL: Why not? Don't you think you could be?
TODD: No! I don't know, I'll probably never know. The point is, there's nothing you can do about it so butt out, all right? I can take care of myself just fine. All right?
NEIL: Er No.
TODD: No? What do you mean 'no'?
NEIL: No.