VINCENT: Good. Blood, urine and death get to you? Try deep breathing. Or remember we all die anyway...
MAX: You had to kill Heller?!
VINCENT: Who's Heller?
MAX: That cop! Why'd you have to do that? You couldn't wound him? The guy had a family, maybe, parents, kids who gotta grow up without a dad, he was probably a good guy; and he believed me...
VINCENT: I shoulda saved him 'cause he <u>believed</u> you?
MAX: No, not just that.
VINCENT: Yeah, that.
MAX: Yeah, so, what's wrong with that?
VINCENT: It's what I do for a living.
MAX: Some living.
VINCENT: Head towards Union Station.
MAX: What's at Union Station?
VINCENT: How are you at math? I was hired for five hits. I did four.
MAX: One more.
VINCENT: There you go...!
MAX: Whyn't you kill me and find another cab.
VINCENT: You're too good. We're in this together. Fates intertwined. Cosmic coincidence and all that crap...
MAX: You're full of shit.
VINCENT: <u>I'm</u> full of shit? You're a monument of bullshit. You even bullshitted yourself all I am, is taking out the garbage. Bad guys killing bad guys...
MAX: That's what you said...
VINCENT: And you believe me...?
MAX: What'd they do?
VINCENT: How do I know? But, they all got that witnesses for the prosecution" look to me. Probably some major federal indictment against somebody who majorly does not want to get indicted... I dunno."
MAX: That's the reason?
VINCENT: That's the why." That's the why? There is no reason. No good reason; no bad reason. To live or to die."
MAX: Then what are you?
VINCENT: ...indifferent.
VINCENT: Get with it. Get over it. ...millions of galaxies of hundreds of millions of stars and a speck on one in a blink...that's us. Lost in space. The universe doesn't care. The cop, you, me? Who notices?
MAX: What happened to you?
VINCENT: As in...?
MAX: Man, if someone had a gun to your head and said: You gotta tell me what's goin' on with that person over there or I'll kill you"...they'd have to kill you... 'Cause you don't have a clue for...or about...anyone... To be like that
VINCENT: ...all the cabbies in LA, I pull Max, the man with X-ray vision...
MAX: Answer the question.
VINCENT: Look in the mirror. ...piss-ant paper towels...a bottle of 409...saving up for goin' to the Comoros. How much you got saved?
MAX: None of your business.
VINCENT: ...pie in the sky? Someday my dream'll come..." But one night you'll wake up and realize suddenly you're old. It hasn't happened. It never will. Life just flipped on you. Tomorrow became yesterday. Then you'll bullshit yourself it was never gonna happen