JAMES LEER: I just wanted a little sip.
GRADY: I just wanted a little sip? Tell me, James, exactly what point was it that you turned into Serpent Boy?
JAMES LEER: Probably about the time you gave me the codeine pills last night.
GRADY: Jesus... Look, James, you appear to possess -- like many an aspiring writer before you, by the way -- a rather ardent affinity for the stuff of which dreams are made. However, I think it's best if, for the moment at least ...we abstain.
JAMES LEER: You're mad at me, aren't you?
GRADY: What?
JAMES LEER: You're mad because I shot your girlfriend's dog.
GRADY: It wasn't her dog. It's her husband's -- Who said anything about girlfriend?
GRADY: Okay, James, I wish you hadn't shot my girlfriend's dog. Even though Poe and I weren't exactly what you'd call simpatico, that's no reason for him to take two in the chest. Still, the fact remains that I'm the one who took you up into the Chancellor's bedroom. I'm the one who has to take the blame. I don't know what the hell I was thinking.
JAMES LEER: Sure you do. You were thinking: 'That's no cap gun in that kid's overcoat.' You were thinking 'I can't let that kid get on the bus alone -- he might never get on the bus again.' You were thinking: 'I've got to find a way to distract this kid.' So you did. It was -- in its way -- a noble act.
GRADY: Thanks for the halo, James, but I've never done that much thinking ahead in my life -- ever.
JAMES LEER: So, why did you take me up there?
GRADY: I don't know, James. I don't know why I do half the things I do. Who does? Why do you wear that coat?
JAMES LEER: It's warm.
GRADY: James, fall semester, first day of class, it was 95 degrees and you were wearing the coat.
GRADY: That's why they all give you such a hard time in workshop.
JAMES LEER: Because of my coat?
GRADY: Because you act like a goddamn spook all the time. Not to mention the fact that every last one of them is jealous of you.
JAMES LEER: Jealous? Of me?
GRADY: Not you. Your talent.
JAMES LEER: You're lying.
GRADY: The hell I am.
JAMES LEER: Yes you are. My stuff stinks. I know it. You said so yourself.
GRADY: I never said that.
JAMES LEER: Yes you did. Last night. To your friend Crabtree. Is he any good?" he said. And you said: "Not yet he isn't." I heard you myself."
GRADY: I didn't mean it that way.
JAMES LEER: It's okay, Professor Tripp. Carrie, Howard, the others -- they're right. My stories are annoying. They go on and on and on, and the longer they go on the more annoying they become, until finally you just want to grab something heavy and --
GRADY: Shut up, James. You're annoying. Carrie and Howard don't know what the fuck they're talking about, okay? The entire class combined -- including the lovely Hannah Green -- has about one tenth of one percent the talent you have, okay?
JAMES LEER: But, last night...
GRADY: Who cares what I said last night, James I -- I was drunk, I was stoned. I'd been bitten by a dog. My wife had left me. How 'bout cutting me some slack?
JAMES LEER: I'm sorry.
GRADY: And don't be so goddamn sensitive. Who cares what anybody thinks anyway? You want to be a good writer? You want to be a great writer? Then stop giving a damn what other people think. Most of them haven't thought in years.
GRADY: Let me spell it out for you, James. Books don't mean anything. Not to anybody. Not anymore.
JAMES LEER: Arsonist's Daughter meant something.