DA: I'm a whiskey man myself. We don't have much trouble from drugs where I come from...
GONZO: You will. One of these nights you'll wake up and find a junkie tearing your bedroom apart.
DA: Naw!
GONZO: They'll climb right into your bedroom and sit on your chest with big Bowie knives. They might even sit on your wife's chest. Put the blade right down on her throat.
DA: Not down in my parts.
DUKE: Rum and ice, please.
DA: You're another one of these California boys. Your friend here's been tellin' us about dope fiends.
DUKE: They're everywhere. Nobody's safe. And sure as hell not in the South. They like warm weather... You'd never believe it. In L.A. it's out of control. First it was drugs, now it's witchcraft.
DA: Witchcraft? Shit, you can't mean it!
GONZO: Read the newspapers.
DUKE: Man, you don't know trouble until you have to face down a bunch of these addicts gone crazy for human sacrifice!
DA: Naw! That's science fiction stuff!
DUKE: Not where we operate.
GONZO: Hell, in Malibu alone, these goddamn Satan worshippers kill six or eight people every day. All they want is the blood. They'll take people right off the street if they have to.
DUKE: Just the other day we had a case where they grabbed a girl right out of a McDonald's hamburger stand. She was a waitress, about sixteen years old... with a lot of people watching, too!
DA: What happened? What did they do to her?
GONZO: Do? Jesus Christ, man. They chopped her goddamn head off right there in the parking lot! Then they cut all kinds of holes in her head and sucked out the blood!
DA: And nobody did anything?
DUKE: What could they do? The guy that took the head was about six-seven, and maybe three-hundred pounds. He was packing two Lugers, and the others had M-16s.
GONZO: They just ran back out into Death Valley -- you know, where Manson turned up...
DUKE: Like big lizards.
GONZO: ...and every one of them stacked naked...
DA: Naked!?
DUKE: Naked.
GONZO: Yeh, naked!... except for the weapons.
DUKE: They were all veterans.