WILL: How's it goin'?
SKYLAR: Fine.
WILL: Want me to take a look?
SKYLAR: No.
WILL: C'mon, give me a peek and we'll go to the battin' cages.
SKYLAR: It's important that I learn this.
WILL: Why is it important to you? If I inherited all that money, the only thing important to me would be workin' on my swing.
SKYLAR: Clearly.
WILL: You're rich. What do you have to worry about?
SKYLAR: Rich? I have an inheritance. It's two handred and fifty thousand dollars. That's exactly what it'll cost me, minus about five hundred bucks, to go all the way through med school. This is what I'm doing with that money. I could have done anything I wanted. I could have expanded my wardrobe, substantially.
WILL: Instead you're going to bust your ass for five years so you can be broke? SKYLAR No, so I can be a doctor.
SKYLAR: All right, Mr. Nosey Parker. Let me ask you a question? Do you have a photographic memory?
WILL: I guess. I don't know. How do you remember your phone number?
SKYLAR: Have you ever studied Organic Chemistry?
WILL: Some, a little.
SKYLAR: Just for fun?
WILL: I guess so.
SKYLAR: Nobody does organic chemistry for fun." It's unnecessary. Especially for someone like you."
WILL: Like me?
SKYLAR: Yeah. Someone like you who divides his time, fairly evenly, between the batting cages and bars.
WILL: Do you play the piano?
SKYLAR: Come one Will. I just want to know.
WILL: I'm trying to explain it to you. So you play the piano. When you look at the keys, you see music, you see Mozart.
SKYLAR: I see Hot Cross Buns
WILL: Well all right, Beethoven. He looked at a piano and saw music. The fuckin' guy was deaf when he composed the Ode to Joy. They had to turn him around to take a bow because he couldn't hear the crowd going crazy behind him. Stone deaf. He saw all of that music in his head.
SKYLAR: So, do you play the piano?
WILL: Not a lick. I look at a piano and I see black and white keys, three pedals and a box of wood. Beethoven, Mozart, they looked at it and it just made sense to them. They saw a piano and they could play. I couldn't paint you a picture, I probably can't hit the ball out of Fenway Park and I can't play the piano--
SKYLAR: --But you can do my O-chem lab in under an hour, you can--
WILL: --When it came to stuff like that I could always just play.