VIKTOR: Elaine, it's Wednesday.
ELAINE: Is it Wednesday? It's Wednesday. How embarrassing. I don't know what I was thinking. With all the excitement lately... Am I interrupting something? Are you expecting company?
VIKTOR: As a matter-of-fact I am.
ELAINE: When is she coming over?
VIKTOR: About now. Would you like a drink?
ELAINE: I suppose I could stay, just until she arrives.
ELAINE: Is Simone back to earth yet?
VIKTOR: Not quite.
ELAINE: I'm sure you'll keep her focussed. She's lucky to have you, Viktor. Is she really having your baby?
VIKTOR: Impossible.
ELAINE: I just read somewhere --
VIKTOR: I know. I know. They'll say anything.
ELAINE: -- And she was positively glowing at the awards. I should be going, she'll be here soon --
VIKTOR: -- She already is. Simone's not coming over, Elaine. Not tonight, not ever. I want you back, Elaine.
ELAINE: I want you back too, Viktor.
ELAINE: This is crazy. Who am I fooling? I can't compete with Simone. What woman can?
VIKTOR: I would rather have you than Simone. Believe me.
ELAINE: That's sweet, Viktor, but I couldn't let you do that -- make that kind of sacrifice. It's strange. I've stabbed people in the back, clawed and slept my way to where I am -- it goes with the territory -- but, for some reason, I can't betray Simone. There's... I don't know any other way to say it -- there's a goodness to her.
VIKTOR: No, there isn't. There's nothing to her.
ELAINE: Oh, Viktor. You say that now -- because we're here, alone, like this. But in the morning, you'd go back to her. What man wouldn't?
VIKTOR: No, I will end my relationship with her -- totally.
ELAINE: But you don't understand. She'll always be there -- at some party, on some magazine cover, some song on the radio, up on some screen.
VIKTOR: No. She'll never work again -- retire, never make a movie or a record, or appear ever again.
ELAINE: Of course she will. Her public will demand it.
VIKTOR: Not if I don't let her.
ELAINE: You?
VIKTOR: I'm going to tell you a secret now, Elaine. Simone is not a real person. I invented her.
ELAINE: Every actor is an invention, Viktor. Don't embarrass yourself. No one's denying that you discovered Simone. But it's like finding a diamond in the desert. Anyone can trip over it, but it's not the finder who sparkles.
VIKTOR: -- No, no, I didn't trip over her. You don't understand --
ELAINE: -- You just got lucky that she's loyal enough to stay with you. Maybe she's staying out of pity, who knows? She certainly doesn't need you. Some people even say you're holding her back.
VIKTOR: Who says that -- ? -- Never mind. You have to listen to me, Elaine. Simone is thin air, pixels, molded by me from a mathematical equation. I inherited it from a madman -- I can show you --
ELAINE: How much wine have you had?
VIKTOR: -- She's a figment of my own imagination. I, Viktor Taransky, have perpetrated the greatest hoax, the greatest sleight-of-hand, sleight-of-mouth, sleight-of- sleight in entertainment history! And still no one appreciates me, recognizes what I've done -- even you.
ELAINE: You're drunker than I thought. Are you doing that again?
VIKTOR: No! Whatever talent Simone has comes from me -- me! Me! I swear, as God is my judge. You don't know what I've been through. Tens of thousands of mind-numbing hours in front of that screen, nights without end, and look what it's cost me. Why do you think I've been wearing these? I may have done irreparable harm to my eyesight, and why? To extract and refine the infinite nuances of a human being -- a human soul. Don't you see? I made Simone!