MUNRO: Such as...?
MONTCALM: My master requires the fort be destroyed. But, for you and your comrades, there is no privilege that will be denied. None of your men will see the inside of a prison barge. They're free to go so long as they return to England and fight no more on this continent, and the civilian militia return to their farms.
MUNRO: Their arms?
MONTCALM: They may leave the fortress fully armed, but with no ammunition... Other than that, ask what you wish.
MUNRO: The honors of war?
MONTCALM: Granted.
MUNRO: My colors?
MONTCALM: Carry them to England to your King with pride.
MUNRO: Allow me to consult with my officers.
MUNRO: I have lived to see two things I never expected. An Englishman afraid to support a friend. And a Frenchman too honest to profit by that advantage.
HEYWARD: General Webb can burn in hell. We'll go back and dig our graves behind the ramparts! Our mission is to fight.
MUNRO: Death and honor are sometimes thought to be the same. Today I have learned that they are not.
HEYWARD: Sir!
MUNRO: The decision is final.
MUNRO: I am deeply touched by such unusual and unexpected generosity... The fort is yours under the condition that we be given until dawn to bury our dead, prepare our men and women for their march and turn our wounded over to your surgeon.
MONTCALM: Granted, Monsieur.
SENTRY: Qui vive?
MONTCALM: France.
SENTRY: Le mot d'ordre?
MONTCALM: La victoire.
SENTRY: C'est bien, vous vous promenez bien matin, monsieur!
MONTCALM: Il est necessaire d'etre vigilant, mon enfant.
MAGUA: Is the hatchet buried between the English and my French father?
MONTCALM: Yes.
MAGUA: Not a warrior has a scalp and the white men become friends.
MONTCALM: My master owns these lands and your father has been ordered to drive off the English squatters. They have consented to go. So now he calls them enemies no longer.
MAGUA: Magua took the hatchet to color it with blood. It is still bright. Only when it is red, then it will be buried.
MONTCALM: But so many suns have set since Le Renard struck the war post. Is he not tired?
MAGUA: Where is that sun?! It has gone behind the hill. It is dark and cold. It has set on his people, they are fooled and kill all the animals and sell all of their lands to enrich the European masters who are always greedy for more than they need. And Le Subtil is the son of his tribe. There have been many clouds and many mountains. But now he has come to lead his nation.
MONTCALM: That Le Renard has the power to lead his people into the light, I know well.