BILLY: Dad...I'm...
FATHER: ...Don't worry about it. I can punch you in the nose later. Right now we've got to get you out of here. You all right?
BILLY: Yeah. How's Mom?
FATHER: Bad. She couldn't make the trip. You know Her boy... Susan told us before we got your letter. She's fine; she's trying to get the money to come back and see you, but...
BILLY: No, don't let her! I'll... How about Peg? Robbie?
FATHER: Same. None of the neighbors know. We told them you were in a hospital in Europe. Oh... this is Stanley Davis. He's the American Consul here... And Necdit Yesil, the lawyer you wanted...
DAVIS: Hello, Billy.
BILLY: Hello.
DAVIS: I want you to know we're going to do everything, in our power to get you out as soon as possible. Believe me.
BILLY: Thank you.
YESIL: Vilyum, I am Necdit Yesil.
BILLY: Mr. Yesil.
YESIL: I know exactly what you feel but you must not worry, we are acting immediately, we get the right court, the right judge, I arrange everything - just right. And I think we get you bail. If very bad, maybe twenty month sentence... But I think we get you bail...
YESIL: You know I have lectured at the University of Maryland in your country? Also University Michigan Very nice country. We both go back.
BILLY: If I get bail, Mister Yesil, they say it's easy to cross the border into Greece?
FATHER: Right! That's what we're shooting for. Mister Davis and have been in contact with the State Department, but right now relations with the Turks aren't too good, Nixon's upset the hell out of them. Our best bet's... right here.
BILLY: Dad... I'll pay you back for all this, I Promise.
FATHER: Don't worry about it. Right now money doesn't count. Okay?
FATHER: Where'd you get that limp?
BILLY: Nothing. Just twisted my ankle.
BILLY: Where you staying, Dad?
FATHER: The Hilton.
BILLY: How do you like it? Istanbul?
FATHER: Well, it's an interesting place... Tell you the truth, I think the food is lousy. The crap they sell in these little restaurants. I went out to eat in one of them last night, and I had to run to the damn toilet... You shoulda' seen the toilet.