ERIN: Hi. Donna Irving?
DONNA: Yes?
ERIN: I'm Erin Brockovich, from Masry & Vititoe?
DONNA: You're a lawyer?
ERIN: Hell, no. I hate lawyers. I just work for them. You got a minute?
ERIN: This is a real nice place you got here.
DONNA: Well it oughta be, with all the work I put into it.
DONNA: I added air conditioning, put in the pool, made all those pillows by hand ...
ERIN: Yeah? I should learn to do stuff like that. They make the place feel real homey.
DONNA: Thank you. I think so too. That's why I'm being such a stickler on this house price thing. I don't mean to be a pain in PG&E's backside, especially after all they've done for Hinkley, but I look around here and I think, if they want this place, they're gonna have to pay for it. And I don't just mean pay for the house; I'd like them to pay me for the trouble of starting over.
ERIN: Right.
DONNA: Cause first you gotta move, then there's decorating, and if the windows aren't the same size, you know -- you're making all new curtains. Honest to God, I don't know if I have the energy. You know, I've been sick. Me and Peter both have.
ERIN: Yeah, I'm real glad you brought that up. I was going through your file here, and I ran into these medical records. They kinda surprised me --
DONNA: I know. They're more than a bit unusual. See, two years ago, Pete got Hodgkin's disease. That's a kind of cancer --
ERIN: Yeah, I'm real sorry to hear that.
DONNA: Thank you. It's in remission now, thank the Lord, but you never know. And then while that's going on, I end up having to have a hysterectomy. Plus a whole mess of lumps removed from my breasts. All benign so far, but still, no matter how positive you stay, an operation can still take it out of you.
ERIN: I'll say. Holy moley.
DONNA: So the whole idea of selling the house -- don't get me wrong, I'd be glad to move to some better place, but if they aren't gonna pay us properly, I just don't see the point.
ERIN: Yeah, I can see that. I guess the only thing that confused me is - - not that your medical problems aren't important, but -- how come the files about them are in with all the real estate stuff?
DONNA: Are you kidding? With how our lives are, if I start subdividing files, I'll be sunk. I just kept all PG&E correspondence in one place.
ERIN: Right, but -- I'm sorry, I don't see why you were corresponding with PG&E about it in the first place.
DONNA: Well, they paid for the doctor's visit.
ERIN: They did?
DONNA: You bet. Paid for a check-up for the whole family. And not like with insurance where you pay, then wait a year to be reimbursed, either. They just took care of it. Just like that. We never even saw a bill.
ERIN: Wow. Why would they do that?
DONNA: Cause of the chromium.
ERIN: The what?
DONNA: The chromium. Well, that's what kicked this whole thing off.