JEAN HILL: These new people never identified themselves. They musta been watching the whole thing 'cause they knew everything Mary and me had been doing that day. I guess I wasn't too hard to find - wearing that red raincoat.
MAN: How many shots you say you heard?
JEAN HILL: Four to six.
MAN: That's impossible. You heard echoes ...echoes. We have three bullets and three shots which came from the Book Depository and that's all we're willing to say.
JEAN HILL: ...which is strange 'cause this is less than 20 minutes after the assassination.
JEAN HILL: No, I saw a guy shooting from over there. He was behind that fence. What are you going to do about it?
MAN: We have that taken care of. You only heard three shots and you are not to talk to anyone about this. No one, you hear?
JEAN HILL: I was scared. It was all kinda queer, but it sure felt like two and two was coming up three... and then they took Mary's five snapshots from me, sent them to Washington, and when they returned them weeks later, two of them had the backgrounds mutilated... The only one we saved was in Mary's camera. I didn't want to go to Washington when the Warren Commission subpoenaed me... so the lawyer come down here and interviewed me at Parkland Hospital.
JEAN HILL: He asked me why I thought I was in danger and I said:
JEAN HILL: Well if they can kill the President, they can certainly get me.
LAWYER: That doesn't make sense, Mrs. Hill. We have the man that killed the President.
JEAN HILL: No, you don't!
JEAN HILL: He kept trying to get me to change my story about the shots. He was getting hot under the collar, and telling the woman not to write when he wanted.
JEAN HILL: Look, do you want the truth, or just what you want me to say?
LAWYER: I want the truth.
JEAN HILL: The truth is that I heard between four and six shots. I'm not going to lie for you.
LAWYER: ...you heard echoes.
JEAN HILL: No. I had guns all my life. I used to go turtle shooting.
LAWYER: I realize you're under a great deal of stress .. it's clouded your judgement.
JEAN HILL: So off the record, he starts talking about my family, and even mentioned my marriage was in trouble like I didn't know it or something. He got angrier and angrier and then:
LAWYER: Look, we can put you in a mental institution. We can make you look crazier'n Marguerite Oswald, and everybody knows how crazy she is.
JEAN HILL: I knew something was crooked as a dog's hind leg, 'cause no one who is just taking a deposition gets that involved and angry... sure enough, when I finally read my testimony as published by the Warren Commission, it was a fabrication from start to finish.