MARY: Nitrate-sicles -- I like that.
TED: I say they should put more meats on a stick, you know? They got a lot of sweets on sticks -- popsicles, fudgesicles, lollipops -- but hardly any meat.
MARY: I agree there should be more.
TED: You know what I'd like to see? Meat in a cone. You could put corned beef hash in a cone, or chopped liver.
MARY: I like it. And think of the toppings -- cheese, mushrooms, mint jelly
TED: Not to mention ketchup and hot peppers.
MARY: It's too bad you don't live down here, Ted.
TED: Yeah?
MARY: We've got a lot in common.
TED: Well... why don't you move back?
MARY: Ah, my roots here are too deep. I love my practice, the people I work with, Warren's got a nice thing going Why don't you just move down here and marry me?
MARY: So you're a writer?
TED: Trying to be.
MARY: Well good for you. I bet it works out for you.
TED: We'll see. If it doesn't, what the hell, at least I gave it a shot.
MARY: That's right. And the good thing is you can do it anywhere.
TED: What about you, Mare? How the hell'd you manage to stay single?
MARY: I don't know... My friends think I'm too picky. I think I'm just a weirdo magnet. I did come close once -- just last year, in fact. There was this guy he lived in San Francisco.
TUCKER: That stalkin' son-of-a-bitch!
HEALY: Fucking sickening.
HEALY: How many is that?
TUCKER: Four.
HEALY: That seems like a lot of speed for a little pooch -- you sure it won't kill him?
TUCKER: I never said that.
MARY: ...and then it was all over. We haven't spoken since.
TED: Wow. That's too bad. He sounds almost perfect.
MARY: Yeah... almost. You want to come up and watch Sportscenter?
TED: Uh no. I think I'm gonna get out while I'm ahead.
MARY: Ted... you're not that far ahead.
TED: Look, Mary, the truth is... I'll be in town for a while now but I don't think we should see each other for a few weeks.
MARY: Why not?
TED: Well... to be honest... I'm really crazy about you and it's making me nervous and when I get nervous I'm not myself and I'm afraid I'm going to doing something really dumb before we get started so I think I should just lay back until I regain my composure.
MARY: That's really sweet, Ted, but you should save it for one of your books.
TED: All right, let's go.