AMBASSADOR DE SADE: Well, it has been explained to me that, if you add a thick Cobalt-Thorium-G jacket to a nuclear device, the radio- activity resulting from such a nuclear explosion will retain its lethal power for a hundred years.
AMBASSADOR DE SADE: Our scientists calculated that the detonation of fifty of our biggest nuclear devices, jacketed in Cobalt-Thorium-G would enshroud the earth in a hundred years of lethal radio- activity from which no human life could escape. In ten months the Earth would be as dead as the Moon.
PRESIDENT MUFFLEY: Where is this...thing?
AMBASSADOR DE SADE: It is buried somewhere in the Grudd Mountains.
GENERAL SCHMUCK: Do you mean to say you'd set it off in your own country?
AMBASSADOR DE SADE: Naturally. It would kill us just as surely even if we set it off in your country. But this way we know it's safe, and we don't have the problem of delivering it.
GENERAL SCHMUCK: Mister President, I can't buy this malarkey; they wouldn't set the damn thing off. Why should they?
AMBASSADOR DE SADE: You're absolutely right. We wouldn't. No sane nation ever would. That's why it was designed to trigger itself automatically.
GENERAL SCHMUCK: Then all you have to do is untrigger it.
AMBASSADOR DE SADE: Ah, but if we were able to untrigger it, that would be defeating its purpose. All our enemies would have to do, would be to warn us in advance that they were going to violate one of our unalterable triggering conditions. We would bluff, naturally, but in the end we would be insane not to untrigger it. Now we can say: There is no point trying to intimidate us, we don't control the Doomsday Machine.
PRESIDENT MUFFLEY: Mister Ambassador, what on earth possessed your country to build this weapon?
AMBASSADOR DE SADE: First of all, economic reasons. It was cheap. The entire project cost just a fraction of what we spent in a single year on our various space and missile programs. It also seemed ideal in most other respects. It was terrifying, convincing, automatic, and extremely simple to understand.