MR. PINK: So, is he dead or what?
MR. WHITE: He ain't dead.
MR. PINK: So what is it?
MR. WHITE: I think he's just passed out.
MR. PINK: He scared the fuckin' shit outta me. I thought he was dead fer sure.
MR. WHITE: He will be dead fer sure, if we don't get him to a hospital.
MR. PINK: We can't take him to a hospital.
MR. WHITE: Without medical attention, this man won't live through the night. That bullet in his belly is my fault. Now while that might not mean jack shit to you, it means a helluva lot to me. And I'm not gonna just sit around and watch him die.
MR. PINK: Well, first things first, staying here's goofy. We gotta book up.
MR. WHITE: So what do you suggest, we go to a hotel? We got a guy who's shot in the belly, he can't walk, he bleeds like a stuck pig, and when he's awake, he screams in pain.
MR. PINK: You gotta idea, spit it out.
MR. WHITE: Joe could help him. If we can get in touch with Joe, Joe could get him to a doctor, Joe could get a doctor to come and see him.
MR. PINK: Assuming we can trust Joe, how we gonna get in touch with him? He's supposed to be here, but he ain't, which is making me nervous about being here. Even if Joe is on the up and up, he's probably not gonna be that happy with us. Joe planned a robbery, but he's got a blood bath on his hands now. Dead cops, dead robbers, dead civilians... Jesus Christ! I tend to doubt he's gonna have a lot of sympathy for our plight. If I was him, I'd try and put as much distance between me and this mess an humanly possible.
MR. WHITE: Before you got here, Mr. Orange was askin' me to take him to a hospital. Now I don't like turning him over to the cops, but if we don't, he's dead. He begged me to do it. I told him to hold off till Joe got here.
MR. PINK: Well Joe ain't gettin' here. We're on our own. Now, I don't know a goddamn body who can help him, so if you know somebody, call 'em.
MR. WHITE: I don't know anybody.
MR. PINK: Well, I guess we drop him off at the hospital. Since he don't know nothin' about us, I say it's his decision.
MR. WHITE: Well, he knows a little about me.
MR. PINK: You didn't tell him your name, did ya?
MR. WHITE: I told him my first name, and where I'm from.
MR. PINK: Why!
MR. WHITE: I told him where I was from a few days ago. It was just a casual conversation.
MR. PINK: And what was tellin him your name when you weren't supposed to?
MR. WHITE: He asked.
MR. WHITE: We had just gotten away from the cops. He just got shot. It was my fuckin' fault he got shot. He's a fuckin' bloody mess - he's screaming. I swear to god, I thought we was gonna die right then and there. I'm tryin' to comfort him, telling him not to worry, he's gonna be okay, I'm gonna take care of him. And he asked me what my name was. I mean, the man was dyin' in my arms. What the fuck was I supposed to tell him, Sorry
MR. PINK: Oh, I don't doubt is was quite beautiful -
MR. WHITE: Don't fuckin' patronize me.
MR. PINK: One question: Do they have a sheet on you, where you told him you're from?
MR. WHITE: Of course.
MR. PINK: Well that's that, then. I mean, I was worried about mug shot possibilities already. But now he knows: what you look like, what your first name is, where you're from and what your specialty is. They ain't gonna hafta show him a helluva lot of pictures for him to pick you out. That's it right, you didn't tell him anything else that could narrow down the selection?
MR. WHITE: If I have to tell you again to back off, me an you are gonna go round and round.
MR. PINK: We ain't taking him to a hospital.
MR. WHITE: If we don't, he'll die.
MR. PINK: And I'm very sad about that. But some fellas are lucky, and some ain't.
MR. WHITE: That fuckin did it!