PICARD: Clearly, the architects of this conspiracy have tried to keep it a secret. Not just from you, but from my people as well. I don't intend to let them.
ANIJ: We've always known that to survive, we had to remain apart. It hasn't been easy. Many of the young people here want to know more about the offland... they're attracted to stories of a faster pace of life...
PICARD: Most of my people who live that faster pace would sell their souls to slow it down.
ANIJ: But not you.
PICARD: There are days.
ANIJ: You don't live up to your reputation as an offlander, Picard.
PICARD: In defense of offlanders, there are many more like me...
ANIJ: ... who wouldn't be tempted by the promise of perpetual youth? I don't think so.
PICARD: You give me more credit than I deserve. Of course, I'm tempted. Who wouldn't be? But some of the blackest marks in the history of my world have involved the forced relocation of a small group of people to satisfy the demands of a larger one. I'd like to believe we learn from our mistakes. Obviously, some of us haven't.
PICARD: The craftsmanship is extraordinary.
ANIJ: This is a school... that's a student's work. She'll be ready to become an apprentice soon. Then, in thirty or forty years, she'll take her place among the artisans...
PICARD: An apprentice for thirty years. We've noticed your people's mental discipline. Did that develop here?
ANIJ: More questions. Always the explorer. If you stay long enough, that'll change.
PICARD: Will it?
ANIJ: You'll stop reviewing what happened yesterday... stop planning for tomorrow... until you find... Let me ask you a question -- have you ever experienced a perfect moment in time?
PICARD: A perfect moment?
ANIJ: When time seemed to stop... and you could almost live in that moment...
PICARD: Seeing my home planet from space for the first time...
ANIJ: Yes. Exactly. Nothing more complicated than perception. You explore the universe. We've discovered a single moment in time can be a universe in itself... full of powerful forces... most people aren't aware enough of the now... to ever notice them...
PICARD: I wish I could spare a few centuries to learn.
ANIJ: It took us centuries to learn that it doesn't have to take centuries to learn.
PICARD: There's one thing I don't understand. In three hundred years...you never learned to swim?
ANIJ: I just... haven't gotten around to it yet.
ANIJ: I wonder if you're aware of the trust you endanger, Jean-Luc Picard. In my experience, it's unusual for...
PICARD: ... an offlander?
ANIJ: For someone so young.