BETSY: Tom, come here a moment. I think this canvas report is about ready to go out. Check it out with Andy, and if he okays if, have a copy made for the campaign headquarters in every county. And don't forget to add the new photo releases.
TOM: The senator's white paper is almost ready, Bets. Should we wait for that?
BETSY: Andy usually just sends those to the national media. The local press doesn't know what to do with a position paper until UPI and AP tell them anyway.
TOM: I think we should try to get maximum coverage for this new mandatory welfare program. Push the issues.
BETSY: First push the man, then the issue. Senator Palantine is first of all a dynamic man, an intelligent, interesting, fascinating man.
TOM: You forgot sexy"."
BETSY: No, I didn't forget sexy"."
TOM: Just didn't get around to it, huh?
BETSY: Oh, Tom, please.
TOM: Well, for Christsakes, you sound like you're selling... I don't know what... cars... not issues.
BETSY: Have you ever wondered why CBS News has the highest ratings?
TOM: More people watch it.
BETSY: Alright, forget it if you're not going to be serious,
TOM: No, c'mon, I'm listening. I was just...
BETSY: Just what?
TOM: Kidding around... you know, fun.
BETSY: Maybe if you'd try thinking once in a while, you'd get somewhere.
TOM: With who?
BETSY: Alright, now. You want to know why CBS has the highest ratings? You think their news is any different from NBC, ABC? It's all the same news. Same stories. Same order usually. What, you thought they had good news for people, right? You thought that's why people watched CBS? I'll tell you why people watch CBS. Cronkite. The man. You got it? Not the news, not the issues, the man. If Walter Cronkite told people to eat soap, they'd do it. We are selling cars, goddamn it.
TOM: Well, if Cronkite's so great, why don't we run him instead?
BETSY: That's the last. The finish. Period. Some people can learn. Some people can't. And you wonder why we never get serious --
TOM: Sure we could run him. You realize he's already head of his block association.
BETSY: Have you been noticing anything strange?
TOM: No, why?
BETSY: Why's that taxi driver across the street been staring at us?
TOM: What taxi driver?
BETSY: That taxi driver. The one that's been sitting here.
TOM: How long has he been there?
BETSY: I don't know -- but it feels like a long time.