LINDA: I don't want him to die, I didn't love him when we met, and I've done so many bad things to him that he doesn't know, things I want to confess to him, but now I do: I love him. I love him so much and I can't stand -- he's going.
KLIGMAN: What kind of medication are you on right now, Linda that's --
LINDA: This is not any fucking medication talking, this isn't -- I don't know. I don't know -- Can you give me nothing? You have power of attorney, can you see him, can you, in this final fucking moment, go see him and make sure --- change the fucking will -- I don't want any money, I couldn't live with myself, this thing I've done -- I've fucking done so many bad things -- I fucked around. I fucked around on him, I fucking cheated on him, Alan. You're his lawyer, our laywer, THERE, I'm his wife, we are married. I broke the conract of marriage, I fucking cheated on him, many times over, I sucked other men's cocks and fuck - fuck - fuck - ....fuck.... Other Things I've Done..
KLIGMAN: Adultery isn't illegal -- it's not something that can be used in a court to discredit the will or -- Linda. Linda. Calm down.
LINDA: I can't.
KLIGMAN: You don't have to change the will, if what you want to do is get nothing you can renounce the will when it's time.
LINDA: Where will the money go?
KLIGMAN: Well. Considering that there's no one else mentioned in the will...we'd have to go to the laws of intestacy, which is -- as if someone died without a will --
LINDA: What does that mean?
KLIGMAN: The money would go to Frank. The court would put the money in the hands of a relative --
LINDA: -- that can't happen. Earl doesn't want him to have the money, the things.
KLIGMAN: -- unless Frank is specifically ommitted as a beneficiary that's what will happen.
LINDA: This is so over-the-top and fucked-up I can hardly stand it.
KLIGMAN: Linda, you just have to take a moment and breath and one thing at a time --
LINDA: Shut the fuck up.
KLIGMAN: I'm trying to help, Linda --
LINDA: Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up.
KLIGMAN: You need to sober up.
LINDA: Now you must really shut the fuck up, please. Shut The Fuck Up.
KLIGMAN: Linda --
LINDA: I have to go.
KLIGMAN: Let me call you a car, Linda.
LINDA: Shut the fuck up.