BUDDY: She's putting the titty back.
DOLL: Buddy, that was my place.
DADDY: Goddamn you, girl! You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge! The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it! What are you, crazy? A man is supposed to be a fool like this, but a woman is supposed to have some control and sense! Are you a nitwit? What's the matter with you?
ROSE: Oh-h, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mr. Hillyer... I just... couldn't help myself. I'm sorry...
DOLL: Buddy, that was pretty snotty of you, pushing me away like that just when it was interesting.
BUDDY: You shouldn't watch such things, Doll.
DADDY: Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor miserable little child, don't you know I love you? Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it? You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'. And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars?
ROSE: Oh, I know. She's so sweet, she's been so good to me...
DADDY: Do you know what a friend you have got there? Do you know she would fight for you like a tiger, that she would fly to your defense in an instant with all the courage in her soul if anyone tried to hurt you? Is this any way to repay her trust and love? Are you ashamed as I am ashamed? Don't cry, honey, don't cry. But let me warn you, damn your hide, this is Thermopylae and I am standing here. Do you hear me, damn you. I am standing at Thermopylae and the Persians shall not pass! Now get your tail out of here and go wash those dishes, and stop crying!
DOLL: Wasn't Daddy wonderful? He wanted to kiss her some more and play with her, but he didn't, because he loves Mother and all of us, and he loves Rose, too. Isn't he wonderful, isn't he great?
BUDDY: Wonderful? He kissed her and played with her titty, and I don't see anything so great about that. He was probably afraid Mother would come back early and catch him.
DOLL: You know, Buddy, sometimes you make me sick.