SAM: So what brings you out tonight?
BILLY: Well, Sam, I might as well tell you the truth. It's this lawsuit you've gotten yourself all involved with. I want you to drop the damned thing.
SAM: I don't see how that concerns you, Billy.
BILLY: It does concern me.
SAM: Well, I don't know why it should. There's a whole lot of people in town involved with lawsuits. We're hardly unique here, Billy. I mean, I can understand how you feel.
BILLY: How?
SAM: Well, it being so depressing and all. But it's reality. You can't just turn this off because you happen to think it's a bad idea.
BILLY: Why not?
SAM: Because it's what we have to do.
BILLY: Well I don't want a damned thing to do with it.
SAM: Okay, fine. So...stay out of it.
BILLY: I've tried to stay out of it. But it turns out that's not so easy, Sam. You've gone and got yourself this lawyer. Mitchell Stephens. You and Risa and Wendell and the Ottos.
SAM: So? I mean, lot's of folks have got lawyers.
BILLY: But yours is the one who's going to subpoena me, Sam. Force me to testify in court. He came by the garage this afternoon. Gave me this piece of paper.
MARY: Why would he do that? You didn't have anything to do with the accident.
BILLY: Because I was driving behind the bus, Mary. Because I saw it. I saw it happen...
BILLY: If that bastard does subpoena me, if he forces me to go over this again, then all those other lawyers will line up behind him and try and do the same thing.
SAM: That won't happen, Billy. Mitch Stephens' case is small, compared to some of those other guys. The way he told me, all he needs is for you to say what you saw that day, driving behind the bus. I know it's a painful thing to do, but it'll only take a few minutes of your time. That'll be the end of it.
BILLY: That's wrong, Sam. You know that. We'll be tangled up in this thing for the next five years. This is never going to go away...
SAM: C'mon, you know that won't...
BILLY: We've got lawyers suing lawyers because some people were stupid enough to sign on with more than one of the bastards. We've got people pointing fingers, making side deals, and dickering over percentages. Yesterday, I heard somebody wants to sue the rescue squad. The rescue squad. Because they didn't act fast enough.