ELAINE: Viktor, we simply have to talk about Eternity...""
VIKTOR: Forever"."
ELAINE: Whatever. I still haven't received Simone's script notes.
VIKTOR: There aren't any. If the filmmakers are happy, Simone's happy. She considers herself an... instrument"."
ELAINE: Really? Oh, so she's really going to do all this nudity?
VIKTOR: If it's on the page...
ELAINE: Well, something has to be done about this budget. It's completely unrealistic. You allowed nothing for limousine service.
VIKTOR: She'll drive herself.
ELAINE: Hair and make-up?
VIKTOR: She'll do her own. Theater training.
ELAINE: She was in the theater? When? Where?
VIKTOR: I'll send you her resume.
ELAINE: Al least a contingency for wardrobe. Any woman can go up a dress size.
VIKTOR: -- I guarantee she won't gain an once. She's very disciplined.
ELAINE: Well, we have to do something about this -- stuntwoman"."
VIKTOR: What about it?
ELAINE: There isn't one.
VIKTOR: No need. She does all her own stunts.
ELAINE: Even the fall from the plane?
VIKTOR: Even the fall from the plane.
ELAINE: Well, shoot it on the last day.
VIKTOR: As I've tried to explain to you, Elaine. Simone isn't like any other actress you've ever known. She's about the work and only the work -- lives for the work. She wants all the money up there... ... on the screen where it belongs. She'd work for scale except I know you only respect people you pay a fortune.
ELAINE: Which accounts for your percentage. When do I get to meet this dream?
VIKTOR: Not today. She's learning her lines. You can also take cue cards and teleprompter out of the budget.
ELAINE: I'll walk you out.
ELAINE: Listen, Viktor... I want to talk to you now, not as Elaine, studio head, but Elaine, ex-wife. Second ex-wife. You got lucky this last time but you need to be careful. We both know you wouldn't be making this overblown art film of you hadn't convinced Simone to be in it.
VIKTOR: Elaine, talking to you now, not as Viktor, director, but Viktor, ex husband... what the hell happened to you?
ELAINE: Experience, Viktor. I've seen this a hundred times -- young stars destroying the very people who discovered them. I'm worried about you, that's all. This woman -- she controls your destiny.
VIKTOR: Simone does not control my destiny.
ELAINE: Viktor, I have a feeling. One of my feelings. There's something about her I don't trust.