MAX: That would be Beaumont Livingston.
JACKIE: That's him. How do you know 'em?
MAX: I wrote him on Monday. They found him dead on Tuesday.
JACKIE: Ordell pick up his bond?
MAX: Same as you. Ten thousand.
JACKIE: The federal agent kinda half hinted Ordell might of done Beaumont.
MAX: You mentioned a guy from L.A.P.D., but you didn't mention the Federal.
JACKIE: I didn't?
MAX: No, you didn't. What branch?
JACKIE: Ray Nicolet with Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms.
MAX: He's the one who wants you.
JACKIE: It was the other guy who busted me.
MAX: 'Cause if he busted you, you'd play hell bonding out of federal court. He doesn't want you mad at him, he wants you to tell him what you know. He uses you to get a line on Ordell, make a case, then take him federal. You know what Ordell's into?
JACKIE: I have a pretty good idea. Ordell ain't no bootlegger and I doubt he's smugglin' Cuban cigars. So that only leaves one thing an A.T.F. man would be interested in.
JACKIE: I used to bring over ten thousand at a time. That's the legal limit, so I never brought more than that.
MAX: How many trips did you make?
JACKIE: With ten thousand? Nine.
MAX: He's got that kinda money?
JACKIE: It's all in lock boxes in a Mexico bank. But he's got a problem. He's -- what do you call it when you got money, but don't have cash?
MAX: Cash poor?
JACKIE: That's it. He's cash poor. He kept on me till I finally said okay. I'll bring whatever fits in a nine-by- twelve envelope. I got paid five hundred dollars, and his friend, Mr. Walker, in Mexico gave me the envelope.
MAX: If you knew bringing anything over ten thousand was against the law, why not pack a hundred grand?
JACKIE: Whatever it was had to fit in my bag and not hit you in the face if the bag was opened. This ain't solvin' my problem. I gotta figure out a way to either keep my job or get out of trouble. I'm off today, but if I can't leave the country I'm out of a job. And if I don't got a job, I can't hire a lawyer.
MAX: Ask A.T.F. They might give you permission.
JACKIE: Yeah, if I cooperate.
MAX: Well, Jackie, you got caught, you're gonna have to give 'em something.
JACKIE: But if all I can give 'em is Ordell's name -- I don't really know shit about what he does or how he does it -- That don't give me much to bargain with.
MAX: Give 'em what you got. Offer to help. Show a willingness to be helpful. You want to stay out of jail, don't you?
MAX: What'dya think?
JACKIE: I think maybe I have more options than I thought.
ORDELL: How you doing, Ms. Jackie?
JACKIE: I was expecting you. Come in.