DOOLITTLE: You know, Talby, you really ought to eat with the rest of us. You spend too much time up here.
TALBY: I like it up here.
DOOLITTLE: Must get lonely being up here so much.
TALBY: I don't like to go below since Commander Powell died. I feel enclosed down there. If it were big enough, I'd sleep up here...
DOOLITTLE: ...Should spend some time below, see more of the rest of the ship...
TALBY: ...You see, I can watch things up here, Doolittle. I love to watch things, just stare at the planets and meteors and asteroids, gas clusters...
DOOLITTLE: You'll have plenty of time for that, you know. Figure it this way: twenty years in space and we've only aged three, so there'll be plenty of time to stare around...
TALBY: You know, Doollttle, if we're going into the Veil Nebula, we may actually find a strange and beautiful thing: the Phoenix Asteroids. They should be passing through there about now...
DOOLITTLE: Phoenix Asteroids? Never heard of 'em.
TALBY: They are a body of asteroids that make a complete circuit of the universe once every 12.3 trillion years. The Phoenix Asteroids... From what I've heard, Doolittle, they glow... glow with all the colors of the rainbow. Nobody knows why. They just glow as they drift around the universe. Imagine all the sights they've seen in the time they've been travelling -- the birth and death of stars, things we'll never see. The universe is alive, Doolittle. I thought it was all empty, but it isn't. In between the stars, it's seething with light and gasses and dust. There are little pebbles drifting around, planets no one on Earth has ever seen... No one but the Phoenix Asteroids...
DOOLITTLE: You know what I think about, Talby?
TALBY: I'm getting something here, on this readout...
DOOLITTLE: It's funny, but I kind of sit around, you know, a lot of time to myself...
TALBY: I think I'm getting a malfunction here somewhere.
DOOLITTLE: I can't talk to the others, but with time to myself, I think about back home, back home at Malibu. I used to surf a lot, Talby. I used to be a great surfer.
TALBY: Lieutenant Doolittle, I'm getting a definite malfunction on one of the closed-circuit computer systems...
DOOLITTLE: The waves at Malibu and Zuma were fantastic in the springs Talby. I can remember running out on the beach early spring mornings with my board and a wet suit...
TALBY: I can't seem to locate the malfunction exactly...
DOOLITTLE: Waves would be peaking really high and glassy. Hit that water. Ridin' the wall just perfect.
TALBY: ...Somewhere in the autonomic relay circuits...
DOOLITTLE: I guess I miss the waves and my board most of all.
TALBY: Ah, Doolittle, I do have a malfunction on this readout, but I can't seem to pinpoint exactly where it is.
DOOLITTLE: Don't worry about it. We'll find out when it goes bad.
TALBY: I really think I should try and locate it immediately. Might be something important.
DOOLITTLE: I wish I had my board with me now. Even if I could only polish it once in awhile.
BOILER: I'm getting this flickering light on one of my panels.
PINBACK: What flickering light?
BOILER: The one on unit... oh, I think it's GMR twelve zero zero.
PINBACK: Oh. What's wrong now?
BOILER: I'm not sure. I think something is fucked up somewhere in the ship, though.
PINBACK: I hope it's not the oven again.
BOILER: Yeah.
PINBACK: Remember when the artificial gravity, went out in the toilet?
PINBACK: Hey, Doolittle, think we'll ever find real intelligent life out there?
DOOLITTLE: Out where?
PINBACK: Veil nebula.
DOOLITTLE: Who cares?