BERNIE: My fault! My fault! This nut case goes out on a ledge and it's my fault?
GALE: If anything happens to John BUbber, Mister LaPlante I'm going to see you prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
BERNIE: What, is everybody in love with this, bozo? I don't get this. What about...?
GALE: Yes, everybody <u>is</u> in love with John Bubber. The whole country, in fact. And they're not going to be happy if he jumps to his death because he was harassed by a lousy little money-grubbing low-life fence...
BERNIE: Harassed." Cause I yelled at him when he's riding in his limo? The guy's a thief
GALE: He had one <u>tiny</u>, uncharacteristic moment of weakness. That's not the same thing as a lifetime of petty crime...
BERNIE: Hey, lady, I got faults, I know I'm not perfect but I don't get this at all, your attitude. I saved your...
GALE: A lifetime of petty crime climaxed by your sleaziest accomplishment yet... blackmailing a national hero...
BERNIE: -- saved your... whaaaaaaat? What? Blackmailing...?
GALE: You think I haven't figured it out? Just because the cops aren't on to you yet doesn't mean you're home free. I'm a veteran reporter. I've seen your kind before, the underbelly of crime.
BERNIE: Underbelly!
GALE: In all that smoke and fire, John had a moment of weakness. He'd been down and out, destitute, living in his car. It was just an impulse, stealing my purse.
CHUCKY: Swiped your purse! While he was saving you? You gotta be kidding!
GALE: And sold it to Mister LaPlante, the fence, who's now trying to blackmail poor John.
CHUCKY: He's gotta be a nut! He saves all those people and swipes a <u>purse</u>?
GALE: Because he was a <u>real</u> hero, Chucky. He was acting out of a deep instinctive decency, not out of some ego thing. He didn't expect the media to lionize him. He didn't expect a million dollar reward. He saved fifty-four people because something inside him, some fundamental love for his fellow man, made him rush into that plane when good sense" told him otherwise. He was willing to settle for some credit cards he sold to LaPlante.... For how much
GALE: All this is off the record, Chucky, because if John Bubber lives, Mister LaPlante is going to give him his assurance that there will be no more misbehavior" on his part. What's more he's going to apologize."
BERNIE: I'm going to apologize to Bubber?
GALE: I could deny I had those credit cards on the plane with me, LaPlante...
BERNIE: Lie, you mean...
GALE: Well, maybe I wouldn't lie...but I could tell the story the way I did just now, so that people could understand that John is even more of a hero, and that you... you're the lowest thing that ever crawled. Your name will be synonymous with cynical opportunism and blackmail. You won't get a cent.
BERNIE: I got a kid, you know. I'm a person, for Chrissake.
GALE: Well, for your child's sake, show some decency then, rise above your sleazy instincts. You may have already killed him!