HILDY: I tried to tell you right away but you started reminiscing. I'm getting married, Walter, and also getting as far away from the newspaper business as I can get! I'm through.
BURNS: Get married all you want to, Hildy, but you can't quit the newspaper business.
HILDY: You can't sell me that, Walter.
BURNS: Who says I can't? You're a newspaper man.
HILDY: That's why I'm quitting. I want to go some place where I can be a woman.
BURNS: I know you, Hildy, and I know what it would mean. It would kill you.
HILDY: A journalist! Peeking through keyholes -- running after fire engines -- waking people up in the middle of the night to ask them if they think Hitler's going to start a war -- stealing pictures off old ladies of their daughters that got chased by apemen! I know all about reporters -- a lot of daffy buttinskies going around without a nickel in their pockets, and for what? So a million hired girls and motormen's wives will know what's going on! No, Walter, I'm through.
BURNS: Where'd you meet this man?
HILDY: Bermuda.
BURNS: Bermuda... Rich, eh?
HILDY: Not what you'd call rich. Makes about five thousand a year.
BURNS: What's his line?
HILDY: He's in the insurance business.
BURNS: The insurance business?
HILDY: It's a good, honest business, isn't it?
BURNS: Oh sure, it's honest. But somehow, I can't picture you with a guy who sells policies.
HILDY: Well, I can, and I love it! He forgets the office when he's with me. He doesn't treat me like an errand-boy -- he treats me like a woman.
BURNS: He does, does he? How did I treat you -- like a water buffalo?
HILDY: I don't know about water buffaloes, but I know about him. He's kind and sweet and considerate. He wants a home -- and children.
BURNS: Say, sounds more like a guy I ought to marry. What's his name?
HILDY: Well, I'll give you a hint. By tomorrow they'll be calling me Mrs. Bruce Baldwin.
BURNS: Tomorrow? Tomorrow... as quick as that?
HILDY: The quicker the better. Well -- I finally got out what I came in to tell you. So long, Walter, and better luck next time.
BURNS: I wish you everything I couldn't give you, Hildy.
HILDY: Thanks...
BURNS: Too bad I couldn't see this guy first. I'm pretty particular about whom my wife marries.
HILDY: Well, he's waiting in the anteroom for me now.
BURNS: Say, could I meet him?
HILDY: Oh, better not, Walter. Wouldn't do any good.
BURNS: You're not afraid, are you?
HILDY: Afraid? I should say not!
BURNS: All right then, come on and let's see this paragon. Is he as good as you say?
HILDY: Better.
BURNS: Then what does he want with you?
HILDY: Now you got me.
BURNS: Nothing personal. I was just asking.