ROSE: I got an awful toothache.
BUDDY: Rose, if you don't keep your boyfriends away from the house, Daddy is going to fire you.
ROSE: But I don't know who they are.
DADDY: Well, Rose, my sleep was a little disturbed last night, and so was Mrs. Hillyer's, and so was the children's. How about you? Was your sleep disturbed, too?
ROSE: Yes, Mr. Hillyer, it was. I... I heard strange voices in the night.
DADDY: Strange voices, Rose?
ROSE: Yes, sir.
DADDY: Now Rose, stop behaving as if you're Bo Peep. Those men had a flight last night because of some female in this house, and it wasn't Dolly or Mrs. Hillyer.
MOTHER: I don't think we ought to discuss this in front of the children.
ROSE: Oh... oh... oh! I think... maybe... one of 'em... was Foster... but I don't hardly know him!
DADDY: Oh, shut up, Rose. Shut your mouth and quit crying!
MOTHER: I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl.
DADDY: I am not being brutal to her!
MOTHER: You certainly are! She has an awful toothache, look at her jaw, it's all swollen.
DADDY: Darlin', it is not my fault if the girl has epizootics --
DADDY: -- I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes --
MOTHER: Scoundrels? They weren't scoundrels, they were just boys.
DADDY: Boys? You say to me boys?
MOTHER: Yes! Yes, I say that to you, they were boys! Boy friends of Rose, chat's what they were, and why shouldn't she have boy friends? Do you want her to be unnatural? Don't you think she's human the same way you are yourself? It's the South, that's what it is, the South with its horrible traditions, of slavery and crime and the oppression of women, who are just as good as men and just as human!
DADDY: Now darlin', what has the South got to do with this?
MOTHER: And when I try to talk to you seriously, when I try to explain to you the unlimited creative power of life, how beautiful it would be if we gave up this hopeless struggle and simply loved each other from our hearts, what do you do -- you mock me!
DADDY: I don't intend to mock you, dear. I respect your philosophy. It's beyond my comprehension, but I respect it.
ROSE: Ohhh-hh, ohhh...
DADDY: Oh, shut up, Rose, eat your cornflakes!
ROSE: I'm not hungry.
DADDY: Now you listen to me, Rose --
MOTHER: Just a moment! You are not going to fire this girl for an innocent thing like having boy friends, not while there is breath in my body!
DADDY: I don't intend to fire her, darlin'.
MOTHER: It isn't her fault if she's popular... what?
DADDY: I said I don't intend to fire her. I just want to ask her to keep her boy friends away from my home and hearth, that's all.
MOTHER: Well, that's very reasonable. Howe I hate to bring it up, but she's got an awful toothache, we've got to carry her to the dentist.
ROSE: I don't want to go to the dentist.
MOTHER: Be quiet, Rose.
DADDY: Darlin', I'll take a taxi to the hotel. You and Brother can handle the girl's epizootics. I'll just say one more thing. Rose, I told you you had a friend in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she would fight for you like a tiger?
ROSE: Yes, sir.
DADDY: All right, thanks to her, and thanks to this case of epizootics, you are getting another chance. But don't try my patience again. We have growing children in this house. Do you understand me?
ROSE: Yes, sir.
MOTHER: Poor thing. Does the ice help, Rose?
ROSE: Ohh-hh, a little. Oh-h, I ain't never been to no dentist before. He's gonna kill me, I just know it.
MOTHER: No, Rose, he'll help you.