BRUCE: How long would the interview take?
BURNS: Oh -- an hour for the interview. Another hour to write it.
BRUCE: We could take the six o'clock train, Hildy. If it would save a man's life.
HILDY: No, Bruce, dear. Don't you see? This is a trick to get your sympathy. No, Walter, I've been waiting for something like this -- but I wasn't sure when you'd spring it. If you want to save Earl Williams' life, you can interview him yourself. You're still a good reporter. Bruce and I will be on that four o'clock train -- and thanks just the same.
BURNS: I'm an editor. I know what ought to be written, but I can't write it the way you could. It needs a woman's heart --
HILDY: Why, Walter, you're getting poetic!
BURNS: You see what I had to put up with? She never trusted me! You argue with her -- otherwise you're going on a honeymoon with blood on your hands!
BURNS: How can you have any happiness after that? All through the years you'll remember that a man went to the gallows because you were too selfish to wait two hours! I tell you, Earl Williams' face will come between you on the train tonight -- and at the preacher's tomorrow -- and all the rest of your lives!
HILDY: What a performance! Bravo! Don't let him fool you, Bruce -- it's only an act!
BURNS: What do you mean, only an act? Haven't you got any feeling?
HILDY: Well, it's either an act on your part or a miracle on Sweeney's.
BURNS: What do you mean?
HILDY: I happen to know Sweeney was married only three months ago. If he's got twins this morning, I claim it was done with mirrors.
BURNS: All right, Hildy, I'm licked. But I'll make you and Bruce a business proposition.
HILDY: We're not interested.
BURNS: Maybe you'll be. You're a smart young man. You let Hildy do this story for me and you can write out a $100,000.00 insurance policy for me. What do you say?
BRUCE: I don't use my wife for business purposes, Mr. Burns!
HILDY: Wait a minute, Bruce. What's commission on a $100,000.00 policy?
BRUCE: Well, at his age, twenty payment life, a little over a thousand dollars.
HILDY: And what's the matter with a thousand dollars?
BRUCE: But --
HILDY: According to the budget, we laid out that's more than our food bill for a whole year. Listen, Bruce, I don't want Walter Burns to use me, but I'm perfectly willing to use him. How long will it take to get him examined?
BRUCE: I could get a company doctor in twenty minutes.
BURNS: Now you're talking!
HILDY: You keep out of this. Bruce, suppose you examine Mr. Burns in his office. I'll get my bag and go over to the Press Room in the Criminal Courts Building. You phone me as soon as Mr. Burns has given you his check. Then I'll go get the interview and you phone Mother that we're taking the six o'clock train. And no tricks, Walter!
BURNS: What tricks would I pull?
HILDY: Oh, nothing! Of course, you might cancel the check. Yes! Wait a minute! What would be his first payment on that policy?
BRUCE: About twenty-five hundred dollars.
HILDY: Better make that a certified check, Walter.
BURNS: What do you think I am -- a crook?
HILDY: Yes --- and that's putting it mildly! No certified check -- no story -- Get me?
BURNS: All right. The check will be certified. Want my fingerprints?
HILDY: No thanks, I've still got those. Well, I'll step into some working clothes and hop over to the Press Room for the background on this yarn. It'll be kind of fun to see the boys again, too. Remember, Bruce, it must be certified.
BRUCE: All right, dear.
HILDY: Wait a minute, Bruce. Have you got that money?
BRUCE: The five hundred? Sure.
HILDY: On second thought, would you let me have it? I'll get the tickets.
BRUCE: But --
HILDY: Believe me, Bruce, I know what I'm doing. He'd get you in a crap game --
BRUCE: But I don't gamble, Hilda!
HILDY: I know a lot of men who didn't do anything till they met Walter Burns. Please, dear.
BRUCE: All right. One -- two -- three -- four -- five. Five hundred. Be careful, honey.
HILDY: I'll be careful, darling. You be, please.