JULIAN: Extraordinary!
THE COUNTESS: She's obviously that. Jesus! Which would you rather have, a million dollars or one of Sissy's thumbs full of pennies?
JULIAN: Oh, you! I'm not talking about her hands. They're difficult to ignore, I confess, but I'm speaking of her whole being. Her whole being is extraordinary. The way she talks, for example. She's so articulate.
THE COUNTESS: It's high time you realized, honey babe, that a woman doesn't have to give the best years of her life to Radcliffe or Smith in order to speak the English language.
JULIAN: Countess. I'm really in a dither. She's turned my head.
THE COUNTESS: Ninety degrees to the left, I hope. How does she feel about you?
JULIAN: I think she's disappointed that I'm not more, ah, sort of atavistic. She's got some naive, sentimental notions about Indians. I'm sure she liked me, though; but.... then she left town.
THE COUNTESS: She always leaves town, you dummy. That doesn't mean anything. What about in bed? How does she like it in bed?
JULIAN: How does she like what in bed?
THE COUNTESS: Like what?
THE COUNTESS: What do you think?
JULIAN: Well.... er...
THE COUNTESS: Shit O dear, Julian. Do you mean to tell me you didn't get it on?
JULIAN: Oh, we didn't get it all the way on.
THE COUNTESS: Whose fault was that?
JULIAN: I suppose it was mine. Yes, it definitely was my fault.
THE COUNTESS: What do they do to you boys in those Ivy league schools, anyway? Strap you down and pump the Nature out of you? They can even press the last drop of Nature out of a Mohawk buck. Why, send a shaman or cannibal to Yale for four years and all he'd be fit for would be a desk in the military-industrial complex and a seat in the third row at a Neil Simon comedy. Jesus H.M.S. Christ! If Harvard or Princeton could get hold of the Chink for a couple of semesters they'd turn him into a candidate for the Bow Tie Wing of the Hall of Wimps. Oogie boogie.
JULIAN: If we Ivy Leaguers aren't earthy enough to suit you hillbillies, at least we don't go around indulging in racist terms such as 'Chink.' Next thing I know, you'll be calling me 'chief.'
THE COUNTESS: Chink's the guy's name, for Christ's sake.
JULIAN: What guy?
THE COUNTESS: Aw, he's some old fart holyman who lives in the hills out West. Gives my ranch the creeps and the willies, too. But though he be old and dirty, he's alive, I'll bet, clear down to his toes. They don't have his juice in a jar in New Haven. Well I suppose that I'll have to write Sissy out on the road.