DOUGHERTY: You're looking well, Jean-Luc. Rested.
PICARD: Your Briar Patch" turned out to be more hospitable than I expected."
DOUGHERTY: That's why we put chromodynamic shields in place - so our people wouldn't feel the effects from the metaphasic radiation...
PICARD: ... or understand that they were participating in the outright theft of a world. I won't let you move them, Admiral. I'll go to the Federation Council...
DOUGHERTY: I'm acting on orders form the Federation Council.
PICARD: How can there be an order to abandon the Prime Directive...?
DOUGHERTY: The Prime Directive doesn't apply. These people are not indigenous to this world. They were never meant to be immortal. We'll simply be restoring their natural evolution.
PICARD: Who are we to decide the next course of evolution for these people?
DOUGHERTY: There are six hundred people down there. We'll be able to use the regenerative properties of this radiation to help billions. The Son'a have developed a procedure to collect the metaphasic particles form the planets rings...
PICARD: A planet in Federation space...
DOUGHERTY: Right. We have the planet and they have the technology -- a technology we can't duplicate. You know what that makes us? Their partners.
PICARD: Our partners are nothing more than petty thugs.
DOUGHERTY: On Earth, petroleum once turned petty thugs into world leaders. Warp drive transformed a bunch of Romulan thugs into an empire. We can handle the Son'a, I'm not worried about that...
PICARD: Someone probably said the same thing about the Romulans a century ago.
DOUGHERTY: With metaphasics, lifespans will be doubled... an entire new medical science will evolve... I understand your Chief Engineer has the use of his eyes for the first time in his life... would you take his sight away from him?
PICARD: There are metaphasic particles all over The Briar Patch. Why must this planet be...
DOUGHERTY: The concentration in the rings is what makes the whole damned thing work. Don't ask me to explain it. I only know they inject something into the rings that starts a thermolytic reaction. After it's over, the planet will be unlivable for generations.
PICARD: Delay the procedure. Let my people look at the technology.
DOUGHERTY: Our best scientific minds already have. We can't find any other way to do this.
PICARD: Then the Son'a can establish a separate colony on this planet until we do...
DOUGHERTY: It would take ten years of normal exposure to begin to reverse their condition. Some of them won't survive that long. Besides, they don't want to live in the middle of The Briar Patch... who would?
PICARD: The Ba'ku.
PICARD: We are betraying the principles upon which the Federation was founded... this is an attack on the very soul of the Federation. This will destroy the Ba'ku. Just as cultures have been destroyed in every other forced relocation throughout history.
DOUGHERTY: We are only moving six hundred people, Jean-Luc.
PICARD: How many people would it take... before it becomes wrong? A thousand? Fifty thousand. A million?