LESTER: I wanna hear about it.
GEORGE: Oh Jesus Christ.
LESTER: I wanna hear about it, George.
GEORGE: Hey, have 'em put me away, or whatever you're gonna do, okay?... I'm too tired to lie, I'm too tired to tell the truth... I'm too tired for anything.
LESTER: I wanna hear about it.
GEORGE: What can I say!
LESTER: I wanna know your thinking, I wanna know how someone like you thinks. Did you think you could get away with it, did you think you could put something over on me? Does a guy like you get his kicks sneaking around behind people's backs and taking advantage of them? Maybe that's your idea of being anti Establishment!
GEORGE: I'm not anti-Establishment.
LESTER: That's got nothing to do with it... You're so beyond my comprehension I can't even discuss it with you.
GEORGE: Then don't... just have 'em beat me up or whatever you're gonna do.
LESTER: No, not yet, not yet. You worry about it for a while, I've been worrying all night, now you can worry.
LESTER: Was it me, did you have something against me?
GEORGE: What, do you think I planned it?
LESTER: Did they have something against me?
GEORGE: Didn't they tell you?
LESTER: I wanna hear it from you!
GEORGE: ... how am I gonna tell you what they have against you? I mean Jesus fucking Christ, they're women, aren't they? Have you ever listened to women talk, man? Have you? Well I do, I do 'til it's fucking coming out of my ears. I'm on my feet all day, every fucking day, listening to women talk and you know what they talk about, don't you? Being fucked up by some guy. That's all that's on their minds. I'm sure you've done something they could get pissed off about, what's that got to do with it? All women are pissed off, man, all of 'em. They fucking hate us! Don't you know that?
LESTER: ... yes, I follow your thinking on that.
GEORGE: We're always trying to fuck them... they know it and they like it and they don't like it... that's just how it is... look, it's got nothing to do with you, man. It just happened. Felicia's got nothing to do but shop and get her hair done and she knows she's getting older... her daughter hates her, what's she going to do, go to PTA meetings?
LESTER: Do you think Lorna hates her? I don't think she hates her. I mean she may resent her a little...
GEORGE: Oh, are you kidding, man? She hates her.
LESTER: Why, why do you think that is?
GEORGE: Oh, fuck, Lester, how should I know?
LESTER: Well, I don't know.
LESTER: Want a drink?
GEORGE: No thanks.
LESTER: Have a drink.
GEORGE: Okay, thanks.
LESTER: You don't have a clean glass in the house.
GEORGE: I know.
LESTER: I'll have to wash one out.