WOODWARD: Mr. Caddy? My name's Bob Woodward, I'm from the Post and I wanted to ask about how you happened to come on this case--
CADDY: --I'm not here.
WOODWARD: OK.
WOODWARD: Douglas Caddy, the attorney of record, when questioned about his presence in the courtroom, denied he was in the courtroom, I'm not here
CADDY: Clearly, I am here, but only as an individual, I'm not the attorney of record. Mr. Rafferty has that position. Whatever you want, you'll have to get from him, I have nothing more to say.
WOODWARD: Mr. Rafferty was very helpful. Four Cuban-Americans and this other man, James McCord.
CADDY: Look, I told you inside--
WOODWARD: --you have nothing more to say, I understand that.
WOODWARD: What I don't understand is how you got here.
CADDY: I assure you, there's nothing mysterious involved.
WOODWARD: Probably you're right, but a little while ago, I was talking to a couple of lawyers who'd been assigned to represent the burglars.
CADDY: So?
WOODWARD: Well, they never would have been assigned if anyone had known the burglars had arranged for their own counsel. And that could only mean the burglars didn't arrange for their own counsel--they never even made a phone call. So if they didn't ask for you to be here, how did you know to come?
WOODWARD: Did you know to come because one of the other men involved in the break- in called you?
CADDY: There is no reason to assume other people were involved.
WOODWARD: Your clients were arrested with a walkie-talkie; they didn't need that to talk among themselves.
CADDY: They are not my clients.
WOODWARD: You're a lawyer and you're here--
CADDY: --I met one of the defendants, Mr. Barker, at a social occasion once-- --I have nothing more to say.
WOODWARD: A Miami social occasion? Mr. Rafferty told me the Cubans were from Miami.
CADDY: Barker's wife called me at three this morning; her husband apparently had told her to call if he hadn't called her by then.
WOODWARD: It was really nice of you to come, since you'd only met him once.
CADDY: Are you implying you don't believe me?
WOODWARD: I have nothing more to say.
CADDY: You don't mind getting on people's nerves, do you?