RAY: Not for long, Richard. You got early parole under the stipulation that you would help us in a situation, and you didn't deliver.
YELLOW BIRD: What the fuck you talkin' about?
RAY: Get up out of the chair, Richard.
YELLOW BIRD: What's with you people? Why do ya have to fuck with my head all the time? I came through, man.
RAY: Get up out of the chair, and walk toward the backdoor, Richard.
YELLOW BIRD: I get thrown in solitary until I don't know my own fuckin' name, and then you people tell me I can beat nine years if I help you. I helped you!
RAY: Get up!
YELLOW BIRD: They said I'd never see FBI again, and I'm livin' with you fuckers. I don't feed ya information on the Warriors, it's back to the pen. I don't do this, back to the pen. Your word against my word. Against a con Indian's word. I really got a chance, man, right?
RAY: They sent me here, Richard because they said you didn't hold up your end of the arrangement, and I have to transport you back to Leavenworth.
YELLOW BIRD: What the fuck, man? What do you people want? I did what you wasi'cu's told me to do.
RAY: Leo Fast Elk... is alive.
YELLOW BIRD: No way. No fuckin' way.
RAY: How the hell do you know?
YELLOW BIRD: I blew his back out with a buffalo gun, that's how I know! Now you're gonna say I didn't, so you can throw me back in solitary?
RAY: The men who came to see you at Leavenworth. The one's who made the arrangement... who were they? Maybe I can talk to them.
YELLOW BIRD: Miles. Three other suits. That's all I know 'em as -- suits. Were you there?
RAY: You turned Leo over on his face. But the coyotes must've turned him back over, man, cuz his spirit is out. It's out, and it knows.
YELLOW BIRD: What do you know about spirits? You ain't no In'dn.
RAY: Leo knew something heavy and was trying to tell Jimmy. But you must not know how serious it was or you would have delivered. Do you realize what Leo could have told Jimmy?! Do you?!
YELLOW BIRD: I took him out before he got the chance. He didn't say nothin' about Tashka Sha. And now his spirit is in the dirt. Forever.
RAY: What's Tashka Sha, speak English, speak English!
YELLOW BIRD: Red Deer Table! What's with you, man?