ANNIE: Grace? Is everything all right? Can we talk?
GRACE: About what?
ANNIE: Well... So you tried riding again?
GRACE: Yeah. Does that mean I'm cured?!
ANNIE: Honey, nobody's trying to cure you --
GRACE: ... You worried everything all right now and we'll have to go home?
ANNIE: What are you talking about?
GRACE: You... not wanting to go home because you hate daddy so much.
ANNIE: Grace, I don't hate your father.
GRACE: I can't remember the last time you made him dinner.
ANNIE: I was just trying to say thank you to Diane and Frank and --
GRACE: Tom?
ANNIE: Look, I just wanted to say, I think it's great you're riding again. And... and I think I know why you, you needed to do it alone... without anyone knowing...
GRACE: Yeah, you know everything!!
ANNIE: STOP IT! Why can't I talk to you!!
GRACE: NO, YOU STOP IT! Stop pretending like you care! Like this really isn't about you and Tom.
ANNIE: WHAT?! How can you -- I'm sorry if my friendship with Tom bothers you so much, but I happen to value having someone to talk to, especially when my own daughter ignores me night and day because no matter what I say, it's wrong and no matter what I do, it's wrong... I'm sorry I'm such a disappointment to you.
GRACE: Well, now you know what it feels like.
ANNIE: I don't deserve that. I have never looked at you as a disappointment. If I'm on your back to do better, if I push you to try harder it's because I want you to be the best you can be.
GRACE: FOR YOU! Because I'm your daughter which means you're the best mother! Isn't that what you're always talking about in interviews -- having it all, the great career, the great family... Proving everybody wrong. Wanting everybody to think you're this perfect woman!
ANNIE: Listen, if... if there's a part of you as parent that... that takes pride in your child -- that, you can look at them and see something you've accomplished as well... if that's wrong, then I'm sorry. But it wasn't my intention. I don't push for me. I do it for you... So you don't waste half your life feeling like you don't know where you belong.
GRACE: Yeah, well, you've done a great job.
ANNIE: Well, then I do apologize... But what I'm most sorry for is turning you into a spoiled brat who can only think about what she's feeling... who can't admit when she's wrong and who can't forgive when she's not.
GRACE: LEAVE ME ALONE!!
ANNIE: What did you say?
GRACE: I said... I started.
ANNIE: Started what?
GRACE: My period.
ANNIE: When? Tonight?
GRACE: I felt it happen downstairs and when I went into the bathroom.
GRACE: Who's going to want me now?
ANNIE: What?... Oh baby...
GRACE: Who's ever going to want me? Nobody will.
ANNIE: That's not true.
GRACE: Why should they?
ANNIE: Because you are... one of the most... incredible, bravest, most beautiful woman I have ever met. The efforts you make. Your courage and your dignity. I don't know where you got it? I honestly don't know how I would have handled all this if I were you.
GRACE: I'm sorry... about what I said. It's just that -- all those times you and Daddy were trying for another kid, I... I used to pray at night that it would work. And not because of you guys or that I wanted a brother or sister... but... just so I wouldn't have to be...
ANNIE: What?
GRACE: So special. Because I was the only one. You both wanted me to be so good at everything, so perfect and I wasn't. I was just me. And now I've completely ruined everything, anyway...