LOUIS: Aaa! D'Artagnan! These passages were constructed for the King's security, not so you could step from my father's portrait and startle me to death!
D'ARTAGNAN: It is for your security that I have come, your Majesty -- for the security of your honor.
LOUIS: I already know about the riots, d'Artagnan, I heard them out there whispering. Some fool gave the order to distribute rotten food. I will deal with it tomorrow.
D'ARTAGNAN: Then there is one more thing, of an even more personal nature.
LOUIS: A personal nature?
D'ARTAGNAN: Mademoiselle Michelle Beaufort. She is betrothed to Raoul, the son of Athos the Musketeer, who has served France through many tribulations.
LOUIS: Betrothed? I think not.
D'ARTAGNAN: In his mind, anyway, and soon enough in hers. She had written him many letters of love.
LOUIS: Miss Beaufort has accepted our invitation. By this we can only suppose that she wishes to come -- as we wish her to be here.
D'ARTAGNAN: Your Majesty has had many women --
LOUIS: That is my desire, and my desire is what should concern you, not the sentiments of some commoner!
D'ARTAGNAN: It is not Raoul's heart alone that concerns me. It is yours. I know you find women compliant -- especially the poorer ones like Michelle. But do they love you? Do you love them? What about a queen to love? A son of your own?
LOUIS: What quaint notions, d'Artagnan! But they contradict my father, who picked his queen when he was old, and only then to bear me.
D'ARTAGNAN: There is more to love than he knew, or that you know.
LOUIS: You dare criticize my father?! Or lecture me?!
D'ARTAGNAN: Not criticize -- plead. Love. Love your people, and you will not bear to see them hungry. Love women, and they will love you. Love yourself, and --
LOUIS: That is enough! You are a good servant, d'Artagnan, but you forget your place!
D'ARTAGNAN: At least help Raoul.
LOUIS: Silence! I order you!
D'ARTAGNAN: Order Fromberge to keep him in safety! It is the least you can do, to protect your own honor!
LOUIS: I will consider it. Now leave me.
D'ARTAGNAN: Thank you, your Majesty.