SAILOR: Huh?
LULA: Ever imagine what it'd be like to get eaten alive by a wild beast? Sometimes I think it would be the biggest thrill?
SAILOR: My God, it better be, darlin', cause it'd be the last... What time is it?
LULA: Shhhhh... It's four o'clock... That woman's laugh the other day had somethin' to do with this feelin'?... Like bein' ripped apart by a gorilla, maybe... Grabbed sudden and pulled apart real quick by a real powerful one.
SAILOR: Lula, sometimes I gotta admit, you come up with some weird thoughts...
LULA: Anythin' interestin' in the world come out of somebody's weird thoughts, Sailor. You tell me Sailor, who could come up with shit like we're seein' these days?
SAILOR: You got me, peanut.
LULA: You certain?
SAILOR: I ain't never met anyone come close to you, sugar.
LULA: Recall the time we was sittin' one night behind the Confederate soldier? Leanin' against it. And you took your hand and put it on your heart and you said, 'You feel it beatin' in there, Lula?... Get used to it, 'cause it belongs to you now.' D'you recall that?
SAILOR: I do.
LULA: I was hopin' you would. I know that night by heart. Sometimes, honey? I think it's the best night of my life.
LULA: I really do think it's the best night of my life.
SAILOR: We didn't do nothin' special I can remember. Just talked, is all.
LULA: Talkin's good. Long as you got the other? I'm a big believer in talkin', case you ain't noticed.
SAILOR: Too bad they don't give an award for talkin'... You'd win first prize. Especially with those tits.
LULA: You think so, baby? Does my talkin' bother you, honey?
SAILOR: No, I like gettin' up around four a.m. and talkin' bout wild animals... Though you woke me up this time in the middle of a dream. I kinda wish I didn't remember it. Up at Pee Dee, I couldn't remember any of my dreams.
LULA: What was this one?
SAILOR: It wasn't no fun, Lula. The wind was blowin' super-hard and I wasn't dressed warm. Only instead of freezin', I was sweatin' strong.
SAILOR: The water was rollin' off me. And I was dirty, too, like I hadn't had no bath in a long time, so the sweat was black almost.
LULA: Boy, sweetie, this is weird, okay.
SAILOR: I know. I kept walkin', I headed for your house, only it wasn't your house, really. You let me in only you weren't real pleased to see me. You kept askin', 'Why'd you come to see me now? Why now?' Like it'd been a long time since we'd seen each other.
LULA: Oh, baby, what an idea. I'd always be happy to see you, no matter what.
SAILOR: I know, peanut. But it wasn't all like you were so unhappy I was there, just you were upset. My bein' there was upsettin' to you. You had some kids there, little kids, and I guess you'd got married and your husband was comin' home any minute.