FRANCESCA: No matter how I keep turning it around in my mind -- it doesn't seem like the right thing.
ROBERT: For who?
FRANCESCA: For anyone. They'll never be able to live through the talk. Richard will never be able to. He doesn't deserve that. He hasn't hurt anyone in his life.
ROBERT: Then he can move! People move!
FRANCESCA: His family's lived for almost a hundred years. Richard doesn't know how to live anywhere else. And the kids...
ROBERT: The kids are grown! They don't need you anymore. You told me that. They hardly talk to you.
FRANCESCA: No, they don't say much. But Carolyn's 16. She's just about to find out about all this for herself -- she's going to fall in love, she's going to try and figure out how to build a life with someone. If I leave what does that say to her?
ROBERT: What about us? What about me?
FRANCESCA: You've got to know deep down that the minute we leave here. It'll all change.
ROBERT: Yeah. It could get better.
FRANCESCA: No matter how much distance we put between us and this house, I bring with it with me. And I'll feel it every minute we're together. And I'll blame loving you for how much it hurts. And then even these four days won't be anything more than something sordid and... a mistake.
ROBERT: Francesca, listen to me. You think what's happened to us happens to just anybody? What we feel for each other? How much we feel? We're not even two separate people anymore. Some people search their whole lives for it and wind up alone -- most people don't even think it exists and you're going to tell me that giving it up is the right thing to do? That staying here alone in a marriage, alone in a town you hate, in a house you don't feel apart of anymore -- you're telling me that's the right thing to do!?
FRANCESCA: We are the choices we've made, Robert.
ROBERT: TO HELL WITH YOU!
FRANCESCA: Robert. Please. You don't understand -- no one does. When a woman makes the choice to marry, to have children -- in one way her life begins but in another way it stops. You build a life of details. You become a mother, a wife and you stop and stay steady so that your children can move. And when they leave they take your life of details with them. And then you're expected move again only you don't remember what moves you because no one has asked in so long. Not even yourself. You never in your life think that love like this can happen to you.
ROBERT: But now that you have it -
FRANCESCA: I want to keep it forever. I want to love you the way I do now the rest of my life. Don't you understand -- we'll lose it if we leave. I can't make an entire life disappear to start a new one. All I can do is try to hold onto to both. Help me. Help me not lose loving you.