WINTON: Yeah. I suppose you people will crucify me for something I didn't do. I didn't! You understand that! ... I didn't do it! She -- tried before --
FLORENCE: Come on, old man, that won't do. You know you're innocent until proven guilty.
WINTON: Yes, sure, that's fine. While I'm proving my innocence, you people are going to uncover every petty kid trick I ever did ... you're going to write editorials about every cocktail I ever drank. Anything that any sane, normal person might have done will have a sinister meaning, if I did it. Go on! Get out! I don't want to talk to you!
FLORENCE: Listen, kid. You're in a tough spot, and you can make it a whole lot easier for yourself if you cut out the cry-baby stuff --
WINTON: Cry-baby?
FLORENCE: That's what I said.
WINTON: My lawyers will be on the job in a little while, and I warn you people anything you print about me you've got to prove. Dad won't stand for--
FLORENCE: Your dad has stood for plenty. Now let's get down to cases. When did you see the Dale girl last?
WINTON: For a few minutes the afternoon before -- before --
FLORENCE: Hmmm. Why didn't you tell that to the police?
WINTON: They didn't give me a chance. We had a couple of drinks and she was all right then. She seemed happy.
FLORENCE: Uh-huh. Do you remember what she said? What did you talk about?
WINTON: She laughed and told me that we were being silly, that we didn't care for each other any more but we needn't hate each other ... ... She said she wanted to be friends.
FLORENCE: I see. Was that all she said?
WINTON: We planned a trip for her. I was going to send her to Bermuda.
FLORENCE: You weren't going with her?
WINTON: No. Why didn't I take her out somewhere? But she was laughing and seemed so happy.
FLORENCE: Well, let's get back to the case in hand. They ordered an autopsy and discovered her body had been stolen from the morgue.
WINTON: Stolen! What are you trying to do to me? ... You're working with the police! ... You're trying to make me say something that can be used against me! You're trying ...
FLORENCE: Hold on, hold on. I'm trying to help you, if you're on the square, and I think you are.
WINTON: Then why are you telling me a crazy lie? ...
FLORENCE: That happens to be the truth.
WINTON: Who'd steal her body?
FLORENCE: That's what they're going to ask you.