THELMA: Did you finish thinking?
LOUISE: I think better when I drive.
HAL: All we know is there were two women in a green T-Bird convertible that turned left out of the parking lot, going real fast. We're trying to get a make on the car, but nothin' yet. So far, we got nothin'.
MAJOR: Well, you'd best get something. Even if they didn't do it, it times out that they most likely witnessed it. I want somebody to at least talk to 'em. Put out an APB with a description and see what we get back.
HAL: Alright.
MAJOR: Is there any reason to believe they've left the state?
HAL: That's certainly possible.
MAJOR: Why don't we go ahead and let the bureau in on this.
HAL: I have no problem with that.
MAJOR: Somebody's butt is gonna bar-b-que.
THELMA: Don't get mad, Louise, but where are we going?
LOUISE: Oklahoma City. Jimmy's gonna wire me some money, and then...
THELMA: You talked to him?! Is he mad? Did you tell him?
LOUISE: No, I didn't tell him. And that's something we gotta get straight. Darryl's been callin', mad as a hornet, makin' all kinds of noise. When you talk to him, you cannot say anything about this. You gotta make sure everything sounds normal.
THELMA: I called the asshole at 4:00 in the morning and he wasn't even home. I don't know what he's got to be mad about. I'm the one who should be mad.
LOUISE: I've been tellin' you that for the last ten years.
THELMA: Do you think Darryl's having an affair?
LOUISE: I don't think Darryl is mature enough to conduct an affair.
THELMA: But you think he fools around.
LOUISE: Thelma, I'm going to Mexico. I think I can make it in two and a half days, but I'm going to have to haul ass. Are you up to this? I mean, I have to know. This isn't a game. I'm in deep shit. I gotta know what you're gonna do.
THELMA: I... I don't know. I don't know what you're askin' me.
LOUISE: Don't you fall apart on me. Goddamnit, Thelma. Every time we get in trouble, you go blank or plead insanity or some such shit, and this time... Not this time. Everything's changed now... Now you can do whatever you want, but I'm going to Mexico. I'm going. Are you coming with me?