ROBERTA: Enid, can I talk to you for a minute?
ENID: Uh-oh.
ROBERTA: Don't worry - it's nothing bad. I was just wondering what your plans were for next year?
ENID: I'm not really sure - working, I guess...
ROBERTA: Well, I know this is really short notice, but I got a call from a very close friend at the Academy of Art & Design and she tells me that I'm allowed to place one student from your graduating class in a one year scholarship program... and, well, I hope you don't mind, Enid, but I took the liberty of submitting your name.
ENID: Hmm.
ROBERTA: As far as I know it includes housing and meals and everything... it is really quite an offer...
ENID: ...wow...
ROBERTA: So what do you think?
ENID: I dunno... Would I have to take classes and stuff?
ROBERTA: Well, yes...
ENID: I...
ROBERTA: Let me know as soon as you can, Enid. This could be a great thing for you.
ENID: I think one of us should fuck Josh...
REBECCA: Go ahead...
ENID: No, really...
REBECCA: God, you're really obsessed...
ENID: I am not -- I just think it'd be funny to see what he'd do...
REBECCA: I thought we decided that Josh was way too cool to be interested in sex, and that he's the only decent person left in the world and we would never want to bring him down to our level and all that...
ENID: Yeah, but maybe one of us should at least try...
REBECCA: No matter what happened it would be a big disaster... Let's just try and keep everything the way it is.
REBECCA: Look, we have to get these...
ENID: I can't afford stuff like this right now.
REBECCA: I'm sick of waiting - we need to start getting stuff if we're ever going to move. Aren't these the greatest towels?
ENID: Why do you care about this kind of stuff?
REBECCA: Don't you want nice stuff?
ENID: I can't imagine spending money on towels.
REBECCA: You don't have to. I'll pay for all the stuff right now and you can pay me back when you finally get a job.
ENID: You're insane.
REBECCA: Do you still want to go to that thing tonight?
ENID: What thing?
REBECCA: That guy's band is playing tonight... Alien Autopsy.
ENID: Oh yeah... maybe... Seymour's going on his big date tonight and I kind of want to be around when he calls, so I can hear how bad it went.
REBECCA: God, I'm so sick of Seymour.
SEYMOUR: That was great - jeez, thanks again for cooking all this.
DANA: Oh I love to cook. I guess most women wouldn't invite a man over on the first date, but I believe you should trust your instincts. When I talked to you on the phone you just seemed so... I don't know... harmless. Ready for ice cream?
DANA: Here we are... it's mocha mint from Lickety Splits. Oh, isn't that photograph just heart-rending?
SEYMOUR: Yeah ... where is this? Bosnia?
DANA: Was it Bosnia? I forget... It's so sad, the tragedy of an entire country eloquently captured in the face of one little boy. A Soul/Funk song starts up on the radio that catches her attention. She goes over and turns it up.
DANA: Oh, I just love this song! Isn't it great? Doesn't it make you want to dance? C'mon!
SEYMOUR: Uh, well, that's okay - I don't dance, heh, heh...
DANA: Don't be silly, anyone can dance. Here, just follow me... watch my feet.
SEYMOUR: No, really I --