WILLCOX HILLYER: Tell me about that job in Alexandria, Dave, the big motel you're building.
DAVE WILKIE: Near Alexandria. It isn't in Alexandria, it is outside it.
WILLCOX HILLYER: I see. Outside it.
DAVE WILKIE: That's correct -- outside it, not in it. As for the job, well, the Jewboy suppliers give me a lot of grief and we use a pile of niggers to haul and tote and they ain't worth a sorry-ass damn. But I can build anything, Buddy. Give me the plans and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon. It's a fact, I can build anything... ... but she never believed that. Oh, hell, no, she never believed in me.
WILLCOX HILLYER: Um-m, well...
DAVE WILKIE: Doubted my ability all along, the little bitch. I never remarried, Buddy, you know that, don't you?
WILLCOX HILLYER: Well, no, I didn't actually.
DAVE WILKIE: She's te reason -- cured me of women once and for all. Oh, I got rid of her, Buddy, I didn't waste no time kickin' that bitch out. Hell, she was screwin' everybody in Savannah. I caught her in a motel with this long tall son of a bitch and boy did I beat the everlastin' piss out of him!
DAVE WILKIE: She didn't marry him, though, later she married another guy and went to Winston-Salem. It didn't last That girl couldn't have no lastin' marriage, she left him and married another dumb sucker and went out west. Little bitch left him, too, and you know what she's married to right now? A kike. That's right, some kind of kike horse doctor named Schapiro out in Seattle, who's got the nerve to have the same first name I got. Wouldn't you know it, Rose would wind up married to a goddamn kike? She was always out of her friggin' head and I'll tell you why. Buddy, she was sick in her mind and between her legs, too. She was a nymphomaniac.
WILLCOX HILLYER: Dave, you are as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it. Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead. But I am telling you, you are full of shit right up to your eyeballs.
DAVE WILKIE: I don't want to start no fight with you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit?
WILLCOX HILLYER: Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor and Rose has been a good wife to him for a long time. To call her a nymphomaniac is the most stupid thing I ever heard in my life.
DAVE WILKIE: You loved her, didn't you. Well, so did I. You'll have to admit she had four husbands.
WILLCOX HILLYER: Yeah, it took her a while to grow up and find Mr. Right, but she did it. She found him.
DAVE WILKIE: She used to call me Mr. Right. Remember that, Buddy?
WILLCOX HILLYER: Yeah, I remember it.