MARK: Hello?
JUNO: So, I've been spending a lot of time listening to that weird CD you made me.
MARK: Oh really? What's the verdict?
JUNO: I sort of like it. I mean, it's cute.
MARK: Cute?
JUNO: Well, when you're used to the raw power of Iggy and the Stooges, everything else sounds kind of precious by comparison.
MARK: I imagine you have a collection of punk chestnuts to prove your point.
JUNO: Consider it your musical education.
MARK: I'm dying to see what you've got to teach me.
JUNO: Okay, stop surfing porn and get back to work. Just wanted to say hi.
MARK: Go learn something.
LEAH: God, you're getting huge. How many months has it been now?
JUNO: Almost eight. You wouldn't believe how weird I look naked.
LEAH: I wish my funbags would get bigger.
JUNO: Trust me, you don't. I actually have to wear a bra now. And I have to rub this nasty cocoa butter stuff all over myself or my skin could get stretched too far and explode.
LEAH: Hot!
JUNO: God, why is everyone always staring at me?
LEAH: Well, you are kind of... convex.
JUNO: Wow, someone's been actually doing her geometry homework for once!
LEAH: I don't have a choice. Keith's been grading me really hard lately.
JUNO: Please do not refer to Mr. Conyers as Keith
LEAH: Keith's hot.
JUNO: Eww, he's all beardy!
LEAH: Did you hear Bleek is going to prom with Katrina De Voort?
JUNO: Katrina? Pfft, no way. He doesn't like Katrina. It must be a pity date.
LEAH: He asked her. I heard they were going to Benihana, then the prom, then to Vijay's parents' cabin.
JUNO: Bleeker told me Katrina's whole house reeks of soup!
LEAH: Oh, it totally does. I was there for her birthday about four years ago and it was like Lipton Landing. But you know, boys have endured worse things for nookie.
JUNO: There's no way in hell they're having sex or even holding hands.
LEAH: I wouldn't be so sure about that. He did it with you. He's a man now.
JUNO: Yeah, well, Bleek trusted me. We're best friends.
LEAH: Are you jealous? I thought you said you didn't care what he did.
JUNO: I'm not jealous, and I don't care. I just know he doesn't like Katrina and I don't think he should toy with her emotions like that. She seems so nice and all.
LEAH: Okay Juno, I'm really convinced.
JUNO: Prom is for wenises, anyway. Once you're old enough to go, it's not cool anymore.
JUNO: Are you honestly and truly going to prom with Katrina De Voort?
BLEEKER: Um, hi?
JUNO: Leah just told me you were going with her.
BLEEKER: Yeah, I did ask her if she wanted to go. A bunch of us from the team are going to Benihana, then the prom, then Vijay's parents' cabin.
BLEEKER: We're getting a stretch limo.
JUNO: Your mom must be really glad you're not taking me.
BLEEKER: You're mad. Why are you mad?
JUNO: I'm not mad. I'm in a fucking great mood. Despite the fact that I'm trapped in a fat suit I can't take off, despite the fact that everyone is making fun of me behind my back, despite the fact that your little girlfriend gave me the stinkeye in art class yesterday...
BLEEKER: Katrina's not my girlfriend! And I doubt she was actually giving you the stinkeye. She just looks like that all the time.