LELAND: What's this?
THOMPSON: It's a letter from her lawyers.
LELAND: David, Grobleski & Davis - My dear Rawlston -
THOMPSON: Rawlston is my boss.
LELAND: Oh, yes. I know about Mr. Rawlston.
THOMPSON: He knows the first Mrs. Kane socially - That's the answer we got.
LELAND: I am in receipt of your favor of yesterday. I beg you to do me the courtesy of accepting my assurance that Mrs. Whitehall cannot be induced to contribute any more information on the career of Charles Foster Kane. She has authorized me to state on previous occasions that she regards their brief marriage as a distateful episode in her life that she prefers to forget. With assurances of the highest esteem -
LELAND: Brief marriage! Ten years!
THOMPSON: Was he in love?
LELAND: He married for love - That's why he did everything. That's why he went into politics. It seems we weren't enough. He wanted all the voters to love him, too. All he really wanted out of life was love. That's Charlie's story - it's the story of how he lost it. You see, he just didn't have any to give. He loved Charlie Kane, of course, very dearly - and his mother, I guess he always loved her. As for Emily - well, all I can tell you is Emily's story as she told it to me, which probably isn't fair - there's supposed to be two sides to every story - and I guess there are. I guess there's more than two sides -
THE PRESIDENT: It is the unanimous opinion of my Cabinent - in which I concur - that the proposed leases are in the best interests of the Governement and the people. You are not, I hope, suggesting that these interests are not indentical?
KANE: I'm not suggesting anything, Mr. President! I've come here to tell you that, unless some action is taken promptly - and you are the only one who can take it - the oil that is the property of the people of this country will be turned over for a song to a gang of high-pressure crooks!
THE PRESIDENT: I must refuse to allow you to continue in this vein, Mr. Kane.
KANE: It's the only vein I know. I tell the facts the way I see them. And any man that knows that facts -
THE PRESIDENT: I know the facts, Mr. Kane. And I happen to have the incredible insolence to differ with you as to what they mean. You're a man of great talents, Mr. Kane.
KANE: Thanks.
THE PRESIDENT: I understand that you have political ambitions. Unfortunately, you seem incapable of allowing any other opinion but your own -
KANE: I'm much obliged, Mr. President, for your concern about me. However, I happen to be concerned at this moment with the matter of extensive oil lands belonging to the people of the United States, and I say that if this lease goes through, the property of the people of the United States goes into the hands of -
THE PRESIDENT: You've made your point perfectly clear, Mr. Kane. Good day.