MICKEY: We ain't got all fuckin' day!
WAYNE: Without any further ado, Mickey and Mallory...
WAYNE: Mallory, what did you think of Mickey's plan? Did you think it would work?
MALLORY: It wasn't 'till we got on the ground floor that I totally realized they weren't gonna shoot unless we shot first. When we got out of the stairwell, I remember thinking, 'Oh my God. This might work.' But Mickey knew it would work all along. There wasn't any doubt in his mind. It's not like there was and he just didn't show it. He knew it would work.
WAYNE: What did you think then?
MALLORY: I wondered how long it would be before we'd get to be alone together. And I wondered if I could wait that long.
WAYNE: Did you have anything to do with the riot in the laundry room?
MALLORY: Haven't you been listening to a fuckin' word I said? ...Oh, I'm sorry. Can I say fuckin'? I can't, can I?
WAYNE: Try to keep it to a minimum.
MALLORY: We had nothing to do with that riot. That riot was just -- whatchmacallit --
MICKEY: Divine intervention.
MALLORY: What he said. We didn't know jack shit about and riot. It just happened. It was kismet. We didn't even know those people. How are we supposed to organize a riot when we've been in fuckin' isolation for the past year? Just bleep out the fucks and jack shits. I mean, it's not like we care. If they wanna say we masterminded the whole thing, let 'em. It won't exactly keep us up at night. But you said you wanted the truth, and the truth is we were just lucky.
MICKEY: C'mon, c'mon, let's hurry this up.
WAYNE: So, what now?
MALLORY: Well, now me and Mickey are gonna take it easy. Just enjoy each other's company, stop and smell the roses, notice the color purple, stuff like that.
WAYNE: How do you intend to disappear? you're probably the most famous couple in America.
MALLORY: Well, back in slave times they had a thing called the underground railroad. And we got a whole fan club out there just waiting to be conductors. So, you kids out there, keep the faith. Cause Mickey and Mallory will be comin' to your town real soon.