GRESSEN: Now then, Mrs. Kramer, would you tell the court how long you were married?
JOANNA: Six years.
GRESSEN: And would you describe those years as happy?
JOANNA: The first couple, yes, but after that it became increasingly difficult.
GRESSEN: Mrs. Kramer, did you ever work in a job while you were married to your ex-husband?
JOANNA: No, I did not.
GRESSEN: Did you wish to?
JOANNA: Yes. I tried to talk to Ted-- my ex-husband--about it, but he wouldn't listen. He refuses to discuss it in any serious way. I remember one time he said I probably couldn't get a job that would pay enough to hire a baby- sitter for Billy.
GRESSEN: Tell me, Mrs. Kramer, are you employed at the present time?
JOANNA: Yes, I work for Jantzen as a sportswear designer.
GRESSEN: And what is your present salary?
JOANNA: I make thirty-one thousand dollars a year.
GRESSEN: Mrs. Kramer, do you love your child?
JOANNA: Yes. Very much.
GRESSEN: And yet you chose to leave him?
JOANNA: Yes...Look, during the last five years we were married, I had...I was getting more and more...unhappy, more and more frustrated. I needed to talk to somebody. I needed to find out if it was me, if I was going crazy or what. But every time I turned to Ted--my ex-husband, he couldn't handle it. He became very...I don't know, very threatened. I mean, when- ever I would bring up anything he would act like it was some kind of personal attack. Anyway, we became more and more separate ...more and more isolated from one another. Finally, I had no other choice, I had to leave. And because of my ex-husband's attitude--his unwillingness to deal with my feelings, I had come to have almost no self- esteem... At the time I left, I sincerely believed that there was something wrong with me--that my son would be better off without me. It was only when I got to California and started into therapy I began to realize I wasn't a terrible person. And that just because I needed some creative and emotional outlet other than my child, that didn't make me unfit to be a mother.
GRESSEN: Your honor, I would like to place in evidence a report on Mrs. Kramer's therapy by her therapist, Dr. Elinore Freedman of La Jolla, California.
GRESSEN: Mr. Kramer, why did you set up residence in New York?
JOANNA: Because my son is here. And his father is here. As a mother, I don't want my child to be separated from his father.
GRESSEN: Mrs. Kramer, can you tell the court why you are asking for custody?