TED: That's probably my office.
JULIE: Well? Where the hell are you?
TED: He's on the move?
JULIE: I got an anonymous tip and an address in Cincinnati.
TED: Let's do it.
TED: I don't know. This place seems pretty tame.
JULIE: You expected whips, chains, Merk being cattle-prodded by some dominatrix in a leather hood?
TED: At least it's not another 4-H meeting or a Big Brother barbecue.
JULIE: Amen to that.
TED: Look at us. It's one o'clock in the morning, on a school night. We're in a smoky nightclub, hoping to catch our principal with some big city tart.
JULIE: I'm trembling with excitement.
TED: That has more to do with your proximity to me.
JULIE: My desire betrays me, like goosebumps on my flesh.
TED: I have a bit of a goosebump fetish. Not many people know that.
JULIE: I figured you for more of a hairy armpit guy.
TED: Shoes, if you want to know the truth. Shoes are my thing.
JULIE: Wearing them? Or humping them?
TED: My fantasy is a totally naked woman, wearing nothing but a Timex and suede clogs.
JULIE: That's refreshingly deviant.
TED: What about you?
JULIE: I'm very aural.
TED: Tell me more.
JULIE: Sounds, voices, music, humming. All of it can turn me on, or off, like a switch.
TED: I see.
JULIE: I had a Portuguese boyfriend who could read the phone book and melt me.
TED: A Portuguese boyfriend. Sounds very Cosmo.""
JULIE: You live and learn. I realized the most important thing to me, above all, is trust.
TED: Turned out to be a scoundrel, eh? I saw that one coming.
JULIE: You lose trust in someone and it's over, done, gone, forever.
TED: Do you trust me, Julie?
JULIE: Not a chance.
TED: Come on.
JULIE: Trust is something you earn, over time. You don't just inherit it overnight like a gazillion dollar empire.
TED: I want you to trust me.
JULIE: Maybe someday.
TED: Julie, I'll tell you something that is the god's honest truth. I've seen a lot of really beautiful girls. I mean a lot. But none of them make me feel like you do.
JULIE: That's hard to believe.
TED: But absolutely true.