FRANK: Murdered? Why?
JOHN: There was this case. A serial. He murdered three women, all nurses, between '68 and '69. The papers called them the Nightingale Murders. They never caught him. But the killings just stopped.
FRANK: What kinda twisted animal.
JOHN: Dad, we did something. Something to make it worse.
FRANK: Whatta you mean...
JOHN: He didn't just kill three women anymore. He killed ten.
FRANK: What are you talking about?
JOHN: Something we did changed the case...changed history. Mom wasn't dead. But then after you didn't die in the fire something must have happened. And this guy, this Nightingale guy, he kept on killing...it was like a spree...seven more women.
FRANK: I gotta take her away, John. I'm gonna take your mother away. He can't hurt her if I take her away.
JOHN: I don't know... What about the other women?
FRANK: I'll warn them.
JOHN: That'll never work. They'll just think you're crazy.
FRANK: What can we do? You don't even know who this guy is.
JOHN: No. Nobody got... Wait a minute. I might not know who he is, but I know where he's gonna be. I got the case file. We know what he's gonna do before he does it.
FRANK: So what should I do? Call the police? You think they'll believe me?
JOHN: They will if they catch him in the act. You can make that happen, Dad. You can tail the victim and call it in at just the right moment.
FRANK: I don't know, John. I'm a fire fighter. This is...this is different.
JOHN: I do know. I'm a cop. This is what I do.
JOHN: You ever talk to a victim's family? The one's left behind? They don't act like what you'd think. There's panic and fear. But mostly, it's like there's this logic problem. And if they could only solve it, everything would be okay. But if you look real close - look at their eyes - you can see it. Just a glimmer. But somewhere they know. They know their world is never gonna be the same.
FRANK: What if the radio stops working? Christ, what if I can't reach you again?
JOHN: Then you get Mom the hell out. But Dad, those other women weren't supposed to die. We don't try to stop this guy, we're gonna live with that for the rest of our lives.