WINSTON: That's it, Ray. I've had it. No more parties. I'm tired of taking abuse from over-privileged nine-year-olds.
STANTZ: Come on, Winston. We can't quit now. The holidays are coming up. It's our best season.
WINSTON: Give it up, Ray. You're living in the past. Ghostbusters doesn't exist anymore. In a year these kids won't even remember who we are.
STANTZ: Ungrateful little Yuppie larvae. After all we did for this city.
WINSTON: Yeah, what did we do, Ray? The last real job we had we bubbled up a hundred foot marshmallow man and blew the top three floors off an uptown highrise.
STANTZ: Yeah, but what a ride. You can't make a hamburger without chopping up a cow.
VENKMAN: Hi, welcome back to the 'World of the Psychic,' I'm Peter Venkman and I'm chatting with my guest, author, lecturer and of course, psychic, Milton Anglund. Milt, your new book is called The End of the World. Isn't that kind of like writing about gum disease. Yes, it could happen, but do you think anybody wants to read a book about it?
MILTON: Well, I think it's important for people to know that the world is in danger.
VENKMAN: Okay, so can you tell us when it's going to happen or do we have to buy the book?
MILTON: I predict that the world will end at the stroke of midnight on New Year's Eve.
VENKMAN: This year? That's cutting it a little close, isn't it? I mean, just from a sales point of view, the book just came out, right? So you're not even looking at the paperback release for maybe a year. And it's going to be at least another year after that if the thing has movie-of-the-week or mini-series potential. You would have been better off predicting 1992 or even '94 just to be safe.
MILTON: This is not just some money-making scheme! I didn't just make up the date. I have a strong psychic belief that the world will end on New Year's Eve.
VENKMAN: Well, for your sake, I hope you're right. But I think my other guest may disagree with you. Elaine, you had another date in mind?
ELAINE: According to my sources, the world will end on February 14, in the year 2016.
VENKMAN: Valentine's Day. That's got to be a bummer. Where did you get that date, Elaine?
ELAINE: I received this information from an alien. I was at the Paramus Holiday Inn, I was having a drink in the bar when he approached me and started talking. Then he must have used some sort of ray or a mind control device because he made me follow him to his room and that's where he told me about the end of the world.
VENKMAN: Your alien had a room in the Holiday Inn?
ELAINE: It may have been a room on the spacecraft made up to look like a room in the Holiday Inn. I can't be sure, Peter.
VENKMAN: No, you can't, and I think that's the whole problem with aliens; you just can't trust them. You may get some nice ones occasionally like Starman or E.T., but most of them turn out to be some kind of lizard. Anyway, we're just about out of time. Next week on 'World of the Psychic,' hairless pets. Until then, this is Peter Venkman saying ... ... Good night.