HARMSWAY: Before I became involved with Paris, she was always involved with the most inappropriate' men... Playboys. Thrill seekers. Middle aged Peter Pans who only brought out the worst in her.
BOND: I see.
HARMSWAY: I tried to save her. But she remained a manic depressive: Fits, inappropriate behavior... Delusions of grandeur.
BOND: I wonder if it runs in the family.
HARMSWAY: The only difference between a psychopath and a genius, Mr. Bond, is the degree of success.
HARMSWAY: Still, I do miss her. I only wish she could have lived to see all this.
BOND: I can feel your pain.
HARMSWAY: By the way - what is it that brings you to Kuala Lumpur, Mister Bond?
BOND: Sightseeing.
HARMSWAY: I call this the Rogue's gallery.
BOND: Yes. I can see: You've hung the rest of your relatives.
HARMSWAY: My third great Uncle - the Earl of Aberdeen - negotiated the purchase of Hong Kong from the Chinese. His son-in-law - George Harmsway - made the first family fortune, running opium into Shanghai... His son, Thomas, who lost it, smoking the opium... And my grandfather Henry, who opened the first telegraph station, and published the colony's first English newspaper. It was a city of unlimited possibility.
BOND: So why did you leave?
HARMSWAY: Because it's a dying city. Since the Chinese take-over, who knows what can happen tomorrow? In any case, this is my father, Charles: A royal bastard who started the first radio and television stations. Said I'd never amount to anything, but... I turned it into this
HARMSWAY: Welcome to the new world order, Mr. Bond. Churchill had his armies; Caesar had his legions; I have my divisions: News, sports, business, entertainment. And these are my foot soldiers: 2000 people working on 14 floors to feed 300 newspapers, 4 cable news networks, 87 magazines, and 29 different cable TV channels - in 35 languages.
BOND: And still not a thing to watch.
BOND: ...Although it must be fun to have all those satellites.
HARMSWAY: They're merely tools to disseminate information.
BOND: Or disinformation... If you wanted to, say, beam down a signal to send a ship off course? Maybe one degree a minute?
HARMSWAY: Fantastic idea Mr. Bond! Perhaps I should buy it for a book! It's totally preposterous, but - You amuse me. ...And now perhaps I can amuse you.