BARRY: ...really? That's nice...are you lying?
LENA: ...I thought I should tell you. I didn't want to get too far along on going out and be hiding something --
BARRY: That's very nice. Thank you. Thank you for saying that. You're friends with my sister?
LENA: Yeah.
BARRY: How long have you known her?
LENA: About six months.
BARRY: You like her?
LENA: Yeah. Yeah we get along well. You didn't get along with her very well?
BARRY: Did you really come to meet me on purpose or are you lying about that?
LENA: No, no. I did.
BARRY: That's nice. It's nice. I've been looking around a lot lately at promotional giveaways, cross promotional work by some companies. Do you remember all that pudding?
LENA: Yeah.
BARRY: So that pudding was bought, I bought that pudding because of a pretty interesting promotion that's sponsored by Healthy Choice and American Airlines. It's designed to encourage airline travel and obviously designed to encourage buying Healthy Choice products. They make frozen meals, deli meats, pasta sauce, breads, soups and ice creams, this sort of thing.....
LENA: Yeah?
BARRY: ....I'm sorry....I lost my thoughts, what I was saying....
LENA: You were talking about the promotion --
BARRY: -- the promotion says: buy any 10 Healthy Choice products and get 500 miles of airline travel or 1,000 for purchases made with a special coupon. So in the supermarket, you notice their products, first you notice they have a Teriyaki Chicken Dinner at $1.79 - that's a pretty good deal....but then I noticed they had soup at 89 cents a can.....and you start to do the math and you start to notice that it's a really amazing deal because I stumbled across the pudding at 25 cents a cup. Now the crucial thing is the bar codes on the label. That's those little bar codes, you know? The universal product codes?
LENA: Yeah.
BARRY: That's what's used to redeem the mileage, so in noticing the pudding, each cup had an individual bar code -- in other words: Two dollars and fifty cents for ten cups of pudding is 500 miles. Add in the coupon: it's one thousand. You see?
LENA: Yeah.
BARRY: You see?
LENA: Yeah, no, I see --
BARRY: You see if you spent $3,000 dollars on pudding you could earn over one million frequent flyer miles.
LENA: That's insane. That is really, really crazy. That's just crazy if you spend three thousand dollars on pudding.
BARRY: ....yeah....
LENA: So that was your pudding?
BARRY: ....No....
LENA: I'm sorry. I thought you said --
BARRY: No I didn't say that.
LENA: I thought you said you bought all that pudding --
BARRY: My friend Carlos is doing it who works with me. It's his. It's his pudding, he's doing it. It's not mine. He's crazy. I told him not to do it. He's the one who's insane. He only spent about one hundred dollars so far though --
LENA: Your sister was telling me a pretty funny story about you, when you guys were kids and you were building a ramp for your dog and you threw a hammer through a window? Is that right? You threw a hammer through a sliding glass door?