MAX: I don't see how you cheating on Natalie involves me.
SKETCHY: I know what you're thinking. But the truth is, this other person is not someone I'm in love with. As a matter of fact, after what she just did, she's not even someone I like much. So in a technical sense, I'm not sure you could call me and her cheating...officially.
MAX: Do guys actually believe their lame, self- serving excuses?
SKETCHY: Max--
MAX: Or do you think we're just so grateful to have one of you idiots we'll look the other way, which is arrogant and condescending.
SKETCHY: Lame, self-serving, arrogant...guilty as charged.
MAX: You left out condescending.
SKETCHY: But there's another side--
MAX: Here it comes. The part where the guy turns everything around.
SKETCHY: I'm the victim here.
MAX: Really?
SKETCHY: Hear me out. This person I've been seeing is a Jam Pony client who happens to be married--
MAX: And you were a sympathetic ear.
SKETCHY: Exactly.
MAX: Then a sympathetic mouth, then a sympathetic--
SKETCHY: She had me followed the other day and found out about Natalie. Now, this person's demanding I blow her off or she'll do it for me by telling Nat about us.
MAX: Does this person have a name?
SKETCHY: Lydia.
MAX: And Lydia telling Natalie the truth makes you a victim in what way?
SKETCHY: I'm a toy to her.
MAX: A toy?
SKETCHY: She's as much as said so. But she doesn't want to share her toy with anyone else... It's just an ego thing with her.
MAX: Fight fire with fire. Threaten to go to her husband.
SKETCHY: Who either doesn't care, or could have me killed. Either way, Natalie's still gonna find out.
MAX: What happens if you level with her?
SKETCHY: Even if she doesn't dump me, which is unlikely, she'd never be able to trust me again.
MAX: And why should she?
SKETCHY: Look Max, I made a terrible mistake. One I'll never, ever make again. Natalie and I are soulmates. I know that now. She's the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with. I guess it took the thought of losing her for me to understand that.