EXLEY: How was I?
LYNN: Oh, the best I ever had. Absolutely the best.
EXLEY: You sound like you mean it.
LYNN: The silver screen's loss is your gain.
EXLEY: How about White?
LYNN: You want to know what Bud's like in bed?
EXLEY: I want to know why you see him. Is it a Patchett payoff?
LYNN: I see Bud because I want to. I see Bud because he can't hide the warmth he has inside him.
EXLEY: I'll take your word for it.
LYNN: I see Bud because he makes me feel like Lynn Bracken and not some Veronica Lake look-alike who fucks for money. I see him because he doesn't know how to disguise who he is. There's more if you want to hear it.
LYNN: Does all that make it harder for you to hate him or easier?
EXLEY: I don't hate White. I really don't. It's just, in my business, it's the wild cars you have to watch out for.
LYNN: You don't like that you don't know how to play him. He doesn't follow the same rules of politics you do. That makes him dangerous.
EXLEY: You cut to the heart of things, don't you? What about Lynn Bracken? She going to be a hooker all her life?
LYNN: I came out here with a dream. That's gone, but I settled for reality.
EXLEY: Some reality.
LYNN: No. This is the means to the reality. But I'm not going to tell you what it is.
EXLEY: Why not?
LYNN: Because you'll use it against me. Won't you?
LYNN: You're tougher than Bud thinks you are.
EXLEY: You're the first person to ever call me tough.
LYNN: Like recognizes like. I'm pretty tough, myself.
EXLEY: You, me and White, huh?
LYNN: Actually, Bud's only tough on the outside.
DUDLEY: John Vincennes. It's three A.M., lad.
JACK: Two minutes, Dudley. It's important.
DUDLEY: Lucky for you that my wife and four fair daughters are at the beach in Santa Barbara.
JACK: You remember Buzz Meeks, Dudley?
DUDLEY: A disgrace as a policeman. Straight D fitness reports from every C.O. he ever served under. What about him?
JACK: Twelve years ago he worked a vice roust with Dick Stensland. They arrested a Pierce Patchett on an extortion scam. Guy ran hookers. He'd have them photographed with their johns, then double-dip for some blackmail. Charges got dropped. Insufficient evidence. You were supervising officer on the case and I was wondering if you remember anything about it.
DUDLEY: What's this all about, lad?
JACK: Part of it has to do with a murder. I've been working with Ed Exley on it.
DUDLEY: You're Narco, lad, not Homicide. And since when do you work with Edmund?
JACK: It's a private investigation. I fucked something up and I want to make amends.
DUDLEY: Don't start trying to do the right thing, John. You haven't had enough practice.
DUDLEY: Have you discussed this with anyone else, John?
JACK: No.
DUDLEY: Not even with Exley?