KANE: Who am I? Well, let's see. Charles Foster Kane was born in New Salem, Colorado in eighteen six - I run a couple of newspapers. How about you?
SUSAN: Oh, me -
KANE: How old did you say you were?
SUSAN: I didn't say.
KANE: I didn't think you did. If you had, I wouldn't have asked you again, because I'd have remembered. How old?
SUSAN: Pretty old. I'll be twenty-two in August.
KANE: That's a ripe old age - What do you do?
SUSAN: I work at Seligman's.
KANE: Is that what you want to do?
SUSAN: I want to be a singer. I mean, I didn't. Mother did for me.
KANE: What happened to the singing? You're not in a show, are you?
SUSAN: Oh, no! Nothing like that. Mother always thought - she used to talk about Grand Opera for me. Imagine! An American girl, for one thing - and then my voice isn't really that kind anyway, it's just that Mother - you know what mothers are like.
KANE: Yes -
SUSAN: As a matter of fact, I do sing a little.
KANE: Would you sing for me?
SUSAN: Oh, you wouldn't want to hear me sing.
KANE: Yes, I would. That's why I asked.
SUSAN: Well, I -
KANE: Don't tell me your toothache is bothering you again?
SUSAN: Oh, no, that's all gone.
KANE: Then you have no alibi at all. Please sing.
SUSAN: I did a lot of singing after that. I sang for Charlie - I sang for teachers at a hundred bucks an hour - the teachers got that, I didn't -
THOMPSON: What did you get?
SUSAN: What do you mean?
SUSAN: I didn't get a thing. Just the music lessons. That's all there was to it.
THOMPSON: He married you, didn't he?
SUSAN: He was in love with me. But he never told me so until after it all came out in the papers about us - and he lost the election and that Norton woman divorced him.
THOMPSON: What about that apartment?
SUSAN: He wanted me to be comfortable - Oh, why should I bother? You don't believe me, but it's true. It just happens to be true. He was really interested in my voice. What are you smiling for? What do you think he built that opera house for? I didn't want it. I didn't want to sing. It was his idea - everything was his idea - except my leaving him.
MATISTI: Impossible! Impossible!
KANE: Your job isn't to give Mrs. Kane your opinion of her talents. You're supposed to train her voice. Nothing more.
MATISTI: But, it is impossible. I will be the laughingstock of the musical world! People will say -
KANE: If you're interested in what people say, Signor Matisti, I may be able to enlighten you a bit. The newspapers, for instance. I'm an authority on what the papers will say, Signor Matisti, because I own eight of them between here and San Francisco... It's all right, dear. Signor Matisti is going to listen to reason. Aren't you, maestro?
MATISTI: Mr. Kane, how can I persuade you -
KANE: You can't.