PENTANGELI: Don Corleone, I wish you let me know you was coming. We could have prepared something for you.
MICHAEL: I didn't want you to know I was coming. You heard what happened in my home?
PENTANGELI: Michael, yes, we was all relieved...
MICHAEL: In my home! In the same room where my wife was sleeping; where my children come in their pajamas, and play with their toys.
MICHAEL: I want you to help me take my revenge.
PENTANGELI: Michael, anything. What is it I can do for you?
MICHAEL: I want you to settle these troubles with the Rosato Brothers.
PENTANGELI: I was just going to contact you, Michael; we just had a 'sit-down' - in fact, I just come from there.
MICHAEL: I want you to settle on their terms.
PENTANGELI: Mike, I don't understand. Don't ask me to do that.
MICHAEL: Trust me; do as I ask.
PENTANGELI: It would be the beginning of the end for my family. How can I keep all my other territories in like if I let two wise-guys stand up and demand this and that, and then give it to them?
MICHAEL: Frankie...do you respect me? Do I have your loyalty?
PENTANGELI: Always... But sometimes I don't understand. I know I'll never have your kind of brains, in big deals. But Mike, this is a street thing. And Hyman Roth in Miami is behind the Rosato Brothers.
MICHAEL: I know.
PENTANGELI: Then why do you want me to lay down to them?
MICHAEL: Frankie, Roth tried to have me killed. I'm sure it was him, but I don't know yet why.
PENTANGELI: Jesus Christ, Michael, then let's hit 'em now, while we still got the muscle.
MICHAEL: This was my father's old study. When I was a kid, we had to be quiet when we played near here. When I was older, I learned many things from him here. I was happy that this house never went to strangers; first Clemenza took it over, and then you. My father taught me, in this room, never to act until you know everything that's behind things. Never. If Hyman Roth sees that I interceded with you in the Rosato Brothers' favor, he'll think his relationship with me is still sound. I'm going somewhere to meet him tomorrow. We have friends in some very important business that we're making. Do this for me; you make the peace with the Rosato Brothers on their terms. Let the word out that I forced you; you're not happy wit hit, but acquiesced, just because of me. It will get back to Hyman Roth. Do this, Frankie. You can trust me.
PENTANGELI: Sure, Mike. I'll go along.
MICHAEL: Good.
NERI: Fifteen percent skim?
HAGEN: Twenty-five this time.
NERI: It might show.
HAGEN: Mike wants it.
NERI: We've never sent this much with one courier.
HAGEN: Your plans are a little different this time. You skip Miami, and go straight to Geneva. It's to be deposited to this number. And it's got to be there by Monday morning, no slip-up.