MUMFORD: Feel free to lie down. Most people do.
SOFIE: I'd better not, I'll fall right to sleep. I think it's too soon for me to be sleeping with you.
MUMFORD: What can you tell me about this?
SOFIE: Oh, lord. It's almost too exhausting to tell you... ...about my exhaustion. I didn't really want to come. I'm not hopeful right now. But I couldn't take the look on my dad's face. He's a truly kind person, which is pretty extraordinary if you knew the story. He's the opposite of me, I guess -- all stamina and resolve.
MUMFORD: When did you start to feel this way?
SOFIE: About six months ago, I guess it is now. God, it seems like years. What a bore! I'm embarrassed by it. Before this happened -- when I'd hear people talk about this kind of thing -- I thought it was a bunch of bullshit.
MUMFORD: What?
SOFIE: You think that now! You think it's a bunch of hooey, don't you?
MUMFORD: No.
SOFIE: I saw it. I saw it in your eyes.
SOFIE: That's okay. Maybe it is. My mother always says -- Everything that's wrong with you is in your head." I suppose that's true."
MUMFORD: Back when this started, was there anything unusual happening in your life? A change of job, of living situation... a loss of some kind?
SOFIE: No... but it started one year to the day after my divorce became final. That's not too suspicious, is it?... But it wasn't like I was feeling bad about the divorce. Just the opposite.
MUMFORD: Hmm.
SOFIE: Hmm? Is that a professional opinion?
MUMFORD: Hmm, as in -- that's interesting. Sometimes, with enough clues, it's possible to figure these things out.
SOFIE: Even if you don't think it's real?
MUMFORD: I don't know what's real and what isn't. That's never been my strong suit. But if you're tired all the time and you've had to give up the life you were having and come back home when you didn't want to... that's worth trying to fix. Maybe I can help you do that.
SOFIE: What would you do?
MUMFORD: We... we would try several things. But I need to see you a lot.
SOFIE: I don't know. I barely made it today.
MUMFORD: I'll come to you. We'll try a little walking.
MUMFORD: We'll take it slow. You'll never feel you can't handle it.
SOFIE: I don't think I can afford it. I don't want my dad paying.
MUMFORD: We'll work it out.
SOFIE: You have the best answer for everything. You seem so... hopeful. Are you always this sunny?
MUMFORD: No one ever thought so. You must bring it out.
SOFIE: Is it contagious? 'Cause everyone agrees my immune system's way down.
MUMFORD: Maybe you'll catch it.
SOFIE: Can I ask you something? Didn't you tell my dad you didn't think it was a good idea to come to the patient? So what changed?