AMY: For Pete's sake, Norville!
NORVILLE: Oh! Hello, Amy -- was it -- I thought she said, Mamie --
AMY: Never mind about that...
AMY: ...You know what those nincompoops in the boardroom are doing?
NORVILLE: Well, I wouldn't call them nincom --
AMY: They're going to discharge eight percent of the work force here at Hudsucker. Why, in New York alone that means eighteen hundred people out of work, people with wives and children and families --
NORVILLE: Well yes, we're pruning away some of the dead wood, but if --
AMY: You mean you know about this?
NORVILLE: Know about it? You think the Board would do anything like this without my authorization? No, this was my idea from the start.
AMY: Your i --
NORVILLE: We have to be realistic, Amy. You know things have slowed down a little here at Hudsucker --
AMY: You're awful kind to yourself, Norville Barnes -- the fact is you've slowed down, sitting up here like a sultan, not doing a lick of work! Why you know it's ideas that are the lifeblood of industry and you haven't come up with one since the hoop and the reason's plain to see! You've forgotten what made your ideas exciting for you in the first place -- it wasn't for the fame and the wealth and the mindless adulation of -- would you get out of here?!
AMY: ...I've been watching you, Norville Barnes, even though you've been trying to avoid me --
NORVILLE: Now, Aim --
AMY: Shutup! -- and don't think I haven't noticed how you've changed. I used to think you were a swell guy -- well, to be honest I thought you were an imbecile --
NORVILLE: Now, Aim --
AMY: Shutup! -- but then I figured out you were a swell guy, a little slow maybe, but a swell guy! Well, maybe you're not so slow, but you're not so swell either and it looks like you're an imbecile after --
NORVILLE: Now, Aim --
AMY: Shutup! -- after all! You haven't talked to me for a week and now I'm going to say my piece. I've got a prediction for you, Norville Barnes: I predict that since you've decided to dedicate yourself to greed and sloth and everything bad, you're going to lose all the good things that your good ideas brought you. You're going to throw them all away chasing after money and ease and the respect of a Board that wouldn't give you the time of day if you... if you...
NORVILLE: Worked in a watch factory?