WEBB: Uh, I come here personally to kind of smooth over a fracas about a certain matter. See, uh, maybe you didn't know it, but, uh, Don Ward is a very well-liked man in this town. He's got lots of friends here. Now, his family and their money go back many, many years. Now, friends vote... family and money votes. That's important to me... and you. And if you'll think about our little problem along them lines... and you forgive me for sayin' it, maybe he did not deserve to be fired.
ACE: I'm sorry, but he knew about our gettin' hit on three big machines in a row and he did nothing about it. That means either he was in on it or, forgive me for saying this, he was too dumb to see what was going on. Either way, I cannot have a man like that workin' here.
WEBB: Before we point the dirty end of the stick at 'ol Don, uh, we better be sure we can prove them charges.
ACE: Believe me, if I could prove it, he would be under arrest.
WEBB: Are, uh - - are we certain that you want the Gamin' Control Board eyeballin' your record and your gangster pals like Nicky Santoro?
ACE: I think you're way out of line talkin' to me like that. What you're sayin' is libelous, and you're in no position to challenge my expertise. I went way out of my way to be very helpful and courteous to that kid. He's weak, he's incompetent. He jeopardizes the whole place. There's not much more I can do for him.
WEBB: You have got me there. Old Don is as useless as tits on a boar. But, he is my brother-in-law, and I would look on it as a personal favor if you'd think some more on hirin' him back.
ACE: I can't do that. And I appreciate the fact that he's your brother-in- law, and I do want to help you and I like to do favors, and I know who you are, but I cannot do that.
WEBB: Well, could there be any position... further down the trough?
ACE: I'm sorry, I can't do anything. He's too incompetent. And the bottom line is, he cannot be trusted.
ACE: Okay, thanks. Um... you know, that's it. I'm sorry.
WEBB: Mr Rothstein. Your people never will understand the way it works out here. You're all just our guests. But you act like you're at home. Let me tell you somethin', partner... you ain't home. But that's where we're gonna send you if it harelips the Governor. Thank you for your time.
ACE: No problem. Sorry.
WEBB: You bet.