MALCOLM: I don't want to bring my troubles home. You know that.
BETTY: I'm not made of glass.
MALCOLM: I just want to sit here and be still.
BETTY: We've never had a fight. Not a real one. But we're going to have one right now if you don't talk about it.
MALCOLM: Talk about what?
BETTY: The talk is everywhere!
MALCOLM: There's always talk, always been talk, and always will be talk. Don't they say how I'm trying to take over the Nation, how I'm getting rich off the Nation?
BETTY: We'll get to that, too, but this isn't just talk any more.
BETTY: Los Angeles
MALCOLM: There are always slanders, always lies. You're reading the devil's lies. Can't you see they're trying to bring us down, bring down the Messenger.
BETTY: Both women
MALCOLM: I was going to talk to Bembry about it tonight.
BETTY: To Bembry? Is Bembry your friend?
MALCOLM: Woman, have you lost your mind? What's the matter with you?
BETTY: No, what's the matter with you? Wake up! Are you so dedicated that you have blinded yourself? Are you so committed you cannot face the truth? Bembry is the editor of the newspaper you established. Ask him why your name hasn't been in Muhammad Speaks" in over a year? Ask him why you rate front page in every paper in the country
MALCOLM: I'm not interested in personal publicity. Our people know what I'm doing.
BETTY: Do you know what Bembry is doing? You're so blind, everyone can see this but you!!!
MALCOLM: Bembry saved my Life. The Honorable Elijah Muhammad saved my life.
BETTY: A long time ago. You've repaid them many times over. Ask them why they have new cars and houses full of new furniture.
MALCOLM: Is that what this is about? Material wealth?
BETTY: What do we have, Malcolm. A broken- down jalopy and the clothes on our backs. We don't even own our own home. What about our children? What about me? You don't even own life insurance.
MALCOLM: The Nation will provide for you and the children if anything happens to me.
BETTY: Will they? Are you sure? Are you sure or are you blind?
BETTY: Dear heart, you have to help me. I'm raising our kids practically by myself, while you're running all over the world. You don't know how many times the girls ask me when is daddy coming home?
MALCOLM: What do you want me to do? Our people need me.
BETTY: We need you too!
MALCOLM: What do you want me to do?
BETTY: Open your eyes, you can face death 24 hours a day; but the possibility of betrayal never enters your mind. If you won't do that for yourself do it for us.