CLEMENTINE: Y'know, I'm sort of psychic.
JOEL: Yeah?
CLEMENTINE: Well, I go to a psychic and she's always telling me I'm psychic. She should know. Do you believe in that stuff?
JOEL: I don't know.
CLEMENTINE: Me neither. But sometimes I have premonitions, so, I don't know. Maybe that's just coincidence. Right? Y'know, you think something and then it happens, or you think a word and then someone says it? Y'know?
JOEL: Yeah, I don't know. It's hard to know.
CLEMENTINE: Exactly. Exactly! That's exactly my feeling about it. It's hard to know. Like, okay, but how many times do I think something and it doesn't happen? That's what you're saying, right? You forget about those times. Right?
JOEL: Yeah, I guess.
CLEMENTINE: But I think I am. I like to think I am.
CLEMENTINE: It's helpful to think there's some order to things. You're kind of closed mouthed, aren't you?
JOEL: Sorry. My life isn't that interesting. I go to work. I go home. I don't know what to say.
CLEMENTINE: Oh. Does that make you sad? Or anxious? I'm always anxious thinking I'm not living my life to the fullest, y'know? Taking advantage of every possibility? Just making sure that I'm not wasting one second of the little time I have.
JOEL: I think about that.
CLEMENTINE: You're really nice. I'm sorry I yelled at you before about it. God, I'm an idiot.
JOEL: I do have a tendency to use that word too much.
CLEMENTINE: I like you. That's the thing about my psychic thing. I think that's my greatest psychic power, that I get a sense about people. My problem is I never trust it. But I get it. And with you I get that you're a really good guy.
JOEL: Thanks.
CLEMENTINE: And, anyway, you sell yourself short. I can tell. There's a lot of stuff going on in your brain. I can tell. My goal... can I tell you my goal?
JOEL: Yeah.
CLEMENTINE: What's the goal, Joel? My goal, Joel, is to just let it flow through me? Do you know what I mean? It's like, there's all these emotions and ideas and they come quick and they change and they leave and they come back in a different form and I think we're all taught we should be consistent. Y'know? You love someone -- that's it. Forever. You choose to do something with your life -- that's it, that's what you do. It's a sign of maturity to stick with that and see things through. And my feeling is that's how you die, because you stop listening to what is true, and what is true is constantly changing. You know?
JOEL: Yeah. I think so. It's hard to --
CLEMENTINE: Like I wanted to talk to you. I didn't need any more reason to do it. Who knows what bigger cosmic reason might exist?
JOEL: Yeah.
CLEMENTINE: You're very nice. God, I have to stop saying that. You're nervous around me, huh?
JOEL: No.
CLEMENTINE: I'm nervous. You don't need to be nervous around me, though. I like you. Do you think I'm repulsively fat?
JOEL: No, not at all.
CLEMENTINE: I don't either. I used to. But I'm through with that. Y'know, if I don't love my body, then I'm just lost. You know? With all the wrinkles and scars and the general falling apart that's coming 'round the bend. So, I've been seeing this guy...
CLEMENTINE: Well, for the last week, anyway! He's kind of a kid. Kind of a goofball, but he's really stuck on me, which is flattering. Who wouldn't like that? And he's, like, a dope, but he says these smart and moving things sometimes, out of nowhere, that just break my heart. He's the one who gave me that crow photograph.
JOEL: Oh, yeah.
CLEMENTINE: That made me cry. But, anyway, we went up to Boston, because I had this urge to lie on my back on the Charles River. It gets frozen this time of year.
JOEL: That's scary sounding.
CLEMENTINE: Exactly! I used to do it in college and I had this urge to go do it again, so I got Patrick and we drove all night to get there and he was sweet and said nice things to me, but I was really disappointment to be there with him. Y'know? And that's where psychic stuff comes in. Like, it just isn't right with him. Y'know?
JOEL: I think so.
CLEMENTINE: I don't believe in that soulmate crap anymore, but... he says so many great things. We like the same writers. This writer Stephen Dixon he turned me on to. And he's cute. It's fucked up. Joel, you should come up to the Charles with me sometime.
JOEL: Okay.
CLEMENTINE: Yeah? Oh, great!
CLEMENTINE: I'll pack a picnic -- a night picnic -- night picnics are different -- and --
JOEL: Sounds good. But right now I should go.
CLEMENTINE: You should stay.
JOEL: I have to get up early in the morning tomorrow, so...
CLEMENTINE: Okay.
CLEMENTINE: I would like you to call me. Would you do that? I would like that.
JOEL: Yes.