STEVE: If it's too hot, open your tie.
FURTWÄNGLER: I wish to say something.
STEVE: Go ahead, be my guest.
FURTWÄNGLER: When I last saw you, I was unprepared. I did not know what to expect. In these past weeks, I have been thinking more carefully and making some notes. You have to understand who I am and what I am. I am a musician and I believe in music. I am an artist and I believe in art. Art in general, and music, in particular, has for me mystical powers which nurture man's spiritual needs. I must confess, however, to being extremely naive. I insisted for many years on the absolute separation of art and politics. My entire life was devoted to music because, and this is very important, because I thought that I could, through music, do something practical.
STEVE: And what was that?
FURTWÄNGLER: Maintain liberty, humanity and justice.
STEVE: Gee, that's a thing of beauty, honest to God, a real thing of beauty. I'm going to try to remember that. Liberty, humanity and justice. Beautiful. But you used the word 'naive'. Are you now saying you think you were wrong? That art and politics can't be separated?
FURTWÄNGLER: I believe art and politics should be separate, but that they weren't kept separate I learned to my cost.
STEVE: And when did you first learn that - when you sent the telegram? Was that the surrender signal, the waving of the white flag?
FURTWÄNGLER: What telegram?
STEVE: 'Happy birthday, dear Adolf, love Wilhelm.' Or words to that effect. That sounds to me like you were dropping on your knees and saying, 'Okay, Adolf, you win. You're the number one man. Have a swell party.'
FURTWÄNGLER: I have no idea what you're talking about.
STEVE: The birthday greetings you sent to your old pal, Adolf Hider.
FURTWÄNGLER: I never sent him any birthday greetings or any other kind of greetings.
STEVE: Think carefully, Wilhelm... maybe not in your own name, but as Privy Councillor or Vice-President.
FURTWÄNGLER: I don't have to think carefully. This is utterly ridiculous.
STEVE: Yes, David?
DAVID: Why not show Dr. Furtwängler the evidence. It may refresh his memory?
FURTWÄNGLER: You won't find it because no such telegram exists.
STEVE: Well, I tried, you got to admit I tried. I thought I might just trap you there, Wilhelm, but David here was too quick for me. Smart move, David, smart move. No, I don't have the telegram, but I know it exists. And I want you to know, Wilhelm, we're going to keep looking for it because I believe you sent it.
FURTWÄNGLER: Then you are wrong.
STEVE: Art and politics, yeah, art and politics. Let's look at that. You and the Berlin Philharmonic toured the Third Reich, played in countries the Nazis had conquered. Are you saying that conducting in occupied territories from 1939 on wasn't a commercial for Adolf and all he stood for?
FURTWÄNGLER: We never, never officially represented the regime when we played abroad. We always performed as a private ensemble. As I think I already told you, I was a freelance conductor.
STEVE: You know something? You should've written our insurance policies for us because you got more exclusion clauses than Double Indemnity. What do you imagine people thought? The Berlin Philharmonic's taken over by Doctor Goebbels and his Propaganda Ministry but Wilhelm is a freelance, so art and politics are now entirely separate? Is that what you believed ordinary people thought?
FURTWÄNGLER: have no idea what ordinary people thought.
STEVE: No!
FURTWÄNGLER: No, because I had only one intention. My only intention whatever I did was to show that music means more than politics.
STEVE: Tell me about von der Null.
FURTWÄNGLER: Von der Null?
STEVE: Yes, von der Null.
FURTWÄNGLER: Von der Null?
STEVE: How long's this going to go on, Wilhelm? I say von der Null, you say von der Null, I say von der Null, you say von der Null, we could go on all day. You know who von der Null is, don't you? Edwin von der Nuell, music critic.
FURTWÄNGLER: Yes, I know who he is.
STEVE: Isn't it true that because he gave you bad reviews and praised this young guy, Von Karajan, called him a goddamn miracle, said he was a better conductor than you, then you had von der Null conscripted into the army and no one's heard from him since?
FURTWÄNGLER: That's an outrageous lie!
STEVE: You sure you didn't call one of your close buddies and say, God in heaven, did you see what that guy von der Null wrote about me? The greatest conductor on earth. I want him out the way. He had the nerve to accuse me I am not playing enough modern music. Send him to Stalingrad. Isn't that what you did? You don't like criticism, do you, Wilhelm? You surely didn't like them saying there was another conductor who was better than you... Are you saying the name von der Null was never mentioned in your talks with Goebbels?
FURTWÄNGLER: Well. Once he said he'd read what this man wrote about me.
STEVE: And what did he say?
FURTWÄNGLER: He said, 'Don't mind him. His job is to criticise, your job is to conduct.'
STEVE: And what happened to Von der Nul?
FURTWÄNGLER: I have no idea.
STEVE: You've really no idea? I'll tell you what happened. He died in Stalingrad.
FURTWÄNGLER: I'm sorry.
STEVE: Now, that young conductor what's his name? That miracle kid, you know who I mean. Von Karajan! But you called him something else. C'mon. What did you call von Karajan?