JIM: Was it the same Oswald, Dave, that was in Dallas, or was it an impersonator.
FERRIE: Same one. I didn't know no impersonator.
JIM: Did you take a good look at the TV when they had Oswald?
FERRIE: Black, black - just give it to me. Shit. I'm so exhausted. My neck is killing me. I've got cancer. Had it for years. I been working with mice, y'know, trying to come up with a cure.
JIM: Dave, can I just ask you this directly? Did you ever work for the CIA?
FERRIE: You make it sound like some remote fuckin' experience in ancient history. Man, you never leave the Agency. Once they got you, you're in for life.
JIM: And Shaw?
FERRIE: Shaw's an untouchable"
JIM: What about Ruby?
FERRIE: Jack? Jack was a pimp. A bagman in Dallas for the Mob. He used to run guns to Castro when he was still on our side. Check out Jack Youngblood. Shit - we almost had Castro. Then we tried to whack him. Everybody's flipping sides all the time. It's fun 'n' games, man fun 'n' games.
LOU: What about the mob, Dave? How do they figure in this?
FERRIE: They're Agency, too. Don't you get it? CIA and Mafia together. Trying to whack out the Beard. Mutual interests. They been doing it for years. There's more to this than you dream. FBI fucking hates the CIA. Navy Intelligence got something to do with it too. Check out Alan Pope" in Miami. Jack Youngblood. Bill Harvey. Colonel Roselli. The shooter
JIM: Then who killed the President?
FERRIE: Oh man, why don't you stop. This is too fuckin' big for you! Who did Kennedy? It's a mystery wrapped in a riddle inside an enigma. Even the shooters don't fuckin' know! Don't you get it yet? I can't be talking like this. They're gonna kill me. I'm gonna die! I don't know what happened. All I wanted in the world was to be a Catholic priest - live in a monastery, study ancient Latin manuscripts, pray, serve God. But I had this one terrible, fatal weakness. They defrocked me. And then I started to lose everything.
FERRIE: Shit! Forgot to glue this fuckin' rug today. You know, at one time I even had a full head of hair like everyone else. And then I lost that. That fuckin' Clay Shaw. I hate the bastard. All I got left is in his rotten, bloody hands. He tipped the newspapers - I know it. That's how the Agency works. They use people, chew them up, spit 'em out. Now it's my turn.
JIM: Dave, it's going to be okay. Just talk to us on the record and we'll protect you. I guarantee it.
FERRIE: They'll get to you, too - they'll destroy you... They're untouchable, man... I'm so fucking exhausted I can't see straight.
JIM: Get some rest, Dave, and you'll feel better in the morning. We'll talk then.
FERRIE: Yeah, yeah. But leave me alone for awhile. I got to make some calls.