ROBIN: Alvy, don't! You're using sex to express hostility.
ALVY: Why-why do you always r-reduce my animal urges to psychoanalytic categories? he said as he removed her brassiere...""
ROBIN: There are people out there from The New Yorker magazine. My God! What would they think?
ROBIN: Oh, I'm sorry!
ALVY: Don't get upset!
ROBIN: Dammit! I was so close.
ALVY: Jesus, last night it was some guy honking his car horn. I mean, the city can't close down. You know, what-whatta yuh gonna do, h-have 'em shut down the airport, too? No more flights so we can have sex?
ROBIN: I'm too tense. I need a Valium. My analyst says I should live in the country and not in New York.
ALVY: Well, I can't li- We can't have this discussion all the time. The country makes me nervous. There's... You got crickets and it-it's quiet... there's no place to walk after dinner, and... uh, there's the screens with the dead moths behind them, and... uh, yuh got the-the Manson family possibly, yuh got Dick and Terry-
ROBIN: Okay, okay, my analyst just thinks I'm too tense. Where's the goddamn Valium?
ALVY: Hey, come on, it's quiet now. We can- we can start again.
ROBIN: I can't.
ALVY: What-
ROBIN: My head is throbbing.
ALVY: Oh, you got a headache!
ROBIN: I have a headache.
ALVY: Bad?
ROBIN: Oswald and ghosts.
ALVY: Jesus!
ROBIN: Where are you going?
ALVY: Well, I'm-I'm gonna take another in a series of cold showers.
ROB: Max, my serve is gonna send yuh to the showers-
ALVY: Right, right, so g-get back to what we were discussing, the failure of the country to get behind New York City is-is anti-Semitism.
ROB: Max, the city is terribly worried.
ALVY: But the- I'm not discussing politics or economics. This is foreskin.
ROB: No, no, no, Max, that's a very convenient out. Every time some group disagrees with you it's because of anti-Semitism.
ALVY: Don't you see? The rest of the country looks upon New York like we're-we're left-wing Communist, Jewish, homosexual, pornographers. I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here.
ROB: Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun.
ALVY: Sun is bad for yuh. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat, college...