JAKE: After you huffed off, Grace lied so bad, I got so pissed off, I pulled down her pants to paddle her ass raw and finger-fucked it instead. Sorry I lost my cool like that. It's a funny thing, women.
BOBBY: Yeah...
JAKE: Say, what happened to your hand?
BOBBY: Accident.
JAKE: You've got to be--
BOBBY: Yeah, I know. More careful.
JAKE: I guess we've never been introduced proper. Jake McKenna.
BOBBY: That's a solid name.
JAKE: I'm a solid man.
BOBBY: Bobby Cooper.
JAKE: Bobby Cooper." What brings you to Superior
BOBBY: An overheated car.
JAKE: Oh? Darrell taking good care of you?
BOBBY: Darrell's a moron.
BOBBY: California...
JAKE: Live there?
BOBBY: Got work. I know a man who's got a boat. Wants me to sail it for him.
JAKE: You a sailor man? That'd be the life. Drive across the country, step on a boat and just sail away. A man could pretty well disappear like that. Just sail away until all he was was a memory. I guess a little place like this would just be a dot on a map to you after awhile.
BOBBY: I hope so. Listen, McKenna about your wife: If I had known she was married--
JAKE: It wouldn't have made a difference to you, now would it? Not a wit. Do you know why? Because you're a man without scruples.
BOBBY: Wait a second--
JAKE: Ah, I can smell it on you.
BOBBY: Hey!
JAKE: That's the sweat of a man who hasn't an honest bone in his body. Don't be offended, lad. A man who's got no ethics is a free man. I envy that. Beside, how can I blame you? That Grace sure has a mind of her own, and a body to match, don't she? Eh?
JAKE: She does at that. I knew when I married her she was a free spirit. A woman with her looks and a man my age; what was I to expect? But you see a woman like that in a town like this and you don't think, you do. So, I married her. What are you to do, eh? Women.
BOBBY: Can't live with them, and you can't shoot 'em.
JAKE: You can't shoot 'em!" I like that. I bet she led you on good
BOBBY: Like you don't know.
JAKE: Mad like a dog in heat, I bet you were. I can tell you got a temper on you.