ENID: What was all that stuff about enlarged holes and tight cracks?
SEYMOUR: I... I didn't think you would have any interest in this get together... I mean if you had told me you were coming I would have warned you -- it's not like a real party or anything.
ENID: You're right about that. So this is your record collection?
SEYMOUR: Oh God no. This is just junk I have for sale or trade. The record room is off-limits.
ENID: Really? Can I see it?
SEYMOUR: Yeah, well sure... you can if you want to... it's just I don't want all these guys in there at once... you know...
ENID: Wow! This is like my dream room! Are these all records!
SEYMOUR: I have about fifteen hundred 78s at this point. I've tried to pare down my collection to the essential...
ENID: God, look at this poster! I can't believe this room! You're the luckiest guy in the world! I'd kill to have stuff like this!
SEYMOUR: Please... go ahead and kill me! This stuff doesn't make you happy, believe me.
ENID: Oh, come on! What are you talking about?
SEYMOUR: You think it's healthy to obsessively collect things? You can't connect with other people so you fill your life with stuff... I'm just like all the rest of these pathetic collector losers.
ENID: No you're not! You're a cool guy, Seymour.
SEYMOUR: Yeah right... If I'm so cool, why haven't I had a girlfriend in four years? I can't even remember the last time a girl talked to me.
ENID: I'm talking to you... I'll bet there are tons of women who would go out with you in a minute!
SEYMOUR: Oh, right...
ENID: No really... I guarantee I could get you a date in like two seconds...
SEYMOUR: Good luck...
ENID: I'm totally serious!
SEYMOUR: Yeah, well...
ENID: I mean it -- You leave everything to me -- I'm going to be your own personal dating service!
SEYMOUR: I appreciate the offer but you really don't --
ENID: Mark my words, by the end of this summer you'll be up to your neck in pussy!
SEYMOUR: Jesus! That's very nice of you Enid but I - I really --
ENID: What about her? Would you go out with her?
SEYMOUR: I don't know, what kind of question is that? I mean it's totally irrelevant because a girl like that would never be caught dead with me...
ENID: But putting that aside for now, would you go out with her?
SEYMOUR: I really didn't get a good look at her.
ENID: Okay, what about this one? Are you into girls with big tits?
SEYMOUR: Jesus!
ENID: C'mon Seymour, I'm trying to collect data here! Don't you want me to find you your perfect dream girl?
SEYMOUR: I'm just not one of those guys who has a type"..."
ENID: Every guy has a type!
SEYMOUR: I mean as long as she's not a complete imbecile and she's even remotely attractive...