DUDE: This is quite a pad you got here, man. Completely unspoiled.
TREEHORN: What's your drink, Dude?
DUDE: White Russian, thanks. How's the smut business, Jackie?
TREEHORN: I wouldn't know, Dude. I deal in publishing, entertainment, political advocacy, and--
DUDE: Which one was Logjammin'?
TREEHORN: Regrettably, it's true, standards have fallen in adult entertainment. It's video, Dude. Now that we're competing with the amateurs, we can't afford to invest that little extra in story, production value, feeling.
TREEHORN: People forget that the brain is the biggest erogenous zone--
DUDE: On you, maybe.
TREEHORN: Of course, you do get the good with the bad. The new technology permits us to do exciting things with interactive erotic software. Wave of the future, Dude. 100% electronic.
DUDE: Uh-huh. Well, I still jerk off manually.
TREEHORN: Of course you do. I can see you're anxious for me to get to the point. Well Dude, here it is. Where's Bunny?
DUDE: I thought you might know, man.
TREEHORN: Me? How would I know? The only reason she ran off was to get away from her rather sizable debt to me.
DUDE: But she hasn't run off, she's been--
TREEHORN: I've heard the kidnapping story, so save it. I know you're mixed up in all this, Dude, and I don't care what you're trying to take off her husband. That's your business. All I'm saying is, I want mine.
DUDE: Yeah, well, right man, there are many facets to this, uh, you know, many interested parties. If I can find your money, man-- what's in it for the Dude?
TREEHORN: Of course, there's that to discuss. Refill?
DUDE: Does the Pope shit in the woods?
TREEHORN: Let's say a 10% finder's fee?
DUDE: Okay, Jackie, done. I like the way you do business. Your money is being held by a kid named Larry Sellers. He lives in North Hollywood, on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger. A real fuckin' brat, but I'm sure your goons'll be able to get it off him, mean he's only fifteen and he's flunking social studies. So if you'll just write me a check for my ten per cent. . . of half a million. . . fifty grand.