MARTHA: Did you know that Jefferson has proposed a law in Virginia aiming at an absolute separation of state from the church?
WASHINGTON: I think I heard that.
MARTHA: It's an anti-Christian dogma! I cannot believe you are so calm about it!
WASHINGTON: What else? From Virginia?
MARTHA: Well, I wouldn't want to trouble you with this now.
WASHINGTON: Martha... what?
MARTHA: Virginia is outraged with your order allowing Negroes to fight in the army. There's a deep feeling of hurt and betrayal. They wanted you commander because they expected you would look out for our interests.
WASHINGTON: To win this war I need an army.
MARTHA: Oh, indeed? You know very well people are frightened of arming the Negroes! They beg you to consider the future. What good is a revolution if it overturns those things we cherish!?
WASHINGTON: What's the point of a revolution if it doesn't?
MARTHA: Some things must never change.
WASHINGTON: Is that why you come in here tossing pennies to my starving men? It's damned condescending!
MARTHA: Don't condescend to me! We have both of us prospered from the arrangements of our kind...
WASHINGTON: Our 'kind'? What is that supposed to mean? These men are all I have left and they stay because they will fight! They desire it! They seek it! Of course Virginia is terrified! For my soldiers this is a war to obliterate the 'upper class' from the face of the earth! Should I tell them all to go home because if they win it will ruin me!? It is impossible for me to imagine that Negroes are fighting so that only white men may be free! If we win this war they will own this country too!
MARTHA: Well, we must keep in mind the Dower Laws. One third of everything we have is mine and since our Negroes have been interbreeding, it would be legally impossible to distinguish them.
WASHINGTON: Martha! For God's sake!
MARTHA: Leave me, now sir, I am tired.
WASHINGTON: Come out and meet my soldiers. They're good people.
MARTHA: Not today.
WASHINGTON: I want you to see our hospital.
MARTHA: I don't want to see your hospital.