PETER: You want me to go with you? Maybe I can help.
FRANK: That's alright. We'll take it from here.
ANDY: You should be an actor, Frank. You looked like you were really mad. The veins popping out on your neck was a really nice touch.
KATHY: You weren't mad at him for picking up the phone?
FRANK: No. I told him to. I wanted to make sure there was someone on the other end.
KATHY: But we heard him.
FRANK: It could have been a tape. A prerecorded conversation between Sanderson and himself.
ANDY: The F.B.I. has nothing remotely similar to this guy. I think he's a first- timer.
FRANK: Check with the State. If he's never killed outside of Washington the F.B.I. wouldn't have it. Nolan?
NOLAN: He tapes their mouths shut. We found traces of adhesive around the victims mouths. We're doing a chemical analysis for components, but it's probably a standard brand you can buy in any hardware store.
FRANK: There's only two hardware stores on the whole Island. We'll check that out. What about the blood?
NOLAN: Not a drop. Maybe the guy works for the Red Cross.
FRANK: Kathy?
KATHY: Well, the fact that he views this as a game suggests that he is trying to prove some sense of superiority -- and the way he murders confirms a need to be in complete control of his victim.
FRANK: What about the way he arranged the body?
KATHY: That would indicate he's playing out a fantasy. Power-control killers usually fantasize about their actions long before they commit them. Once they become a reality though, they reach a sense of euphoria and need to repeat the act to sustain it. But, in all the research I've read on Serial Killers, I've never heard of one moving so fast. It's as if the game is the catalyst for the murders -- not the other way around.
FRANK: Anything else?
KATHY: Yes. Why disguise your voice if no one knows it?
FRANK: I was thinking the same thing. He must be local. It's logical for him to assume that the police would be there, but he recognized Andy's voice and called him by name. What about this?
KATHY: I would think it's some type of clue as to where he's going to kill next?
ANDY: Why does he call Sanderson?
KATHY: He's one of the best Chess players in the world. Who better to play a game with?
FRANK: You still having a problem with this?
ANDY: Yeah, I am. I think he's playing us. If I was a killer and the police were trying to make a case against me, what better why to draw them off than to put their attention on someone else?
KATHY: Sending yourself anonymous notes in the mail is one thing -- but who called him today?
ANDY: I don't know. Maybe there's two of them. Maybe he hired some Wino to make the calls.
KATHY: Maybe you're reaching a bit? I think Sanderson should be in on this. There's a reason why the killer's calling him.