SWANA: Hello, Leon!
LEON: Good morning, Swana.
SWANA: It's really a wretched morning... wretched. I can't get myself right. I wanted to look mellow and I look brittle. My face doesn't compose well... all highlights... how can I dim myself down, Leon? Suggest something. I am so bored with this face. I wish I had someone else's face. Whose face would you have if you had your choice? Oh, well, I guess one gets the face one deserves.
LEON: Your conversation has one marvelous advantage, Swana. However many questions you ask you never expect an answer.
SWANA: Don't you find that restful?... Why didn't you come last night?
LEON: Darling, I was busy looking out for your interests.
SWANA: Did you win?
LEON: We can forget horse racing, roulette, the stock market... our worries are over! You remember that platinum watch with the diamond numbers? You will be in a position to give it to me.
SWANA: Oh, Leon, you are so good to me.
LEON: We can be rich if you say the word. I had dinner with the Guizots last night.
SWANA: Those newspaper people?
LEON: You'd be surprised how many nice people dine with the Guizots.
SWANA: What a gruesome proof of the power of the press!
LEON: Now listen, Swana... I sold Monsieur Guizot the idea of publishing your memoirs in the Gazette Parisienne. The Life and Loves of the Grand Duchess Swana of Russia"!"
SWANA: Oh, Leon!
LEON: Sweetheart, we won't have to bother about our future if you are willing to raffle off your past!
SWANA: Was it for this that I refused to endorse Dr. Bertrand's Mouthwash? I could have made a little fortune by saying that the Vincent Vacuum Cleaner was the only vacuum cleaner ever used by the Romanoffs... and now you want them to smear my life's secrets over the front page of a tabloid?
LEON: I understand how you feel, but there is a limit to everything, particularly pride and dignity. They are willing to pay any price! They have a circulation of two million!
SWANA: Imagine two million clerks and shop girls peeking into my life for a sou! Think of my lovely life being wrapped around cheese and blood sausages! I can see a big grease spot in the midst of my most intimate moments!