MIKE: What an asshole.
TRENT: That was money. Tell me that wasn't money.
MIKE: That was so demeaning...
TRENT: She smiled, baby.
MIKE: I can't believe what an asshole you are.
TRENT: Did she, or did she not smile.
MIKE: She was smiling at what an asshole you are.
TRENT: She was smiling at how money I am, baby.
MIKE: Let's go. I'm not paying for a room, and if we don't leave now we'll never make it.
TRENT: Leave? The honey-baby's bringing us some cocktails.
MIKE: What are you, nuts? You think she's coming back?
TRENT: I know she's coming back.
MIKE: I don't think so.
TRENT: Baby, did you hear her? You shouldn't leave without getting something for free." She wants to party
MIKE: You think so?
TRENT: You gotta give Tee one thing. He's good with the ladies.
MIKE: I'm too tired for this. Let's just go.
TRENT: Baby, this is what we came for. We met a beautiful baby and she likes you.
MIKE: She likes you.
TRENT: Whatever. We'll see. Daddy's gonna get her to bring a friend. We'll both get one. I don't care if I'm with her or one of her beautiful baby friends.
MIKE: I don't know...
TRENT: You gotta get that girl out of your head. It's time to move on. You're a stylish, successful, good looking cat. The ladies want to love you, you just gotta let them.
MIKE: That's bullshit.
TRENT: It's not. You're money. Any of these ladies would be lucky to pull a cat like you.
MIKE: It's just that I've been out of the game so long. Trent, I was with her for six years. That's before AIDS. I'm scared. I don't know how to talk to them, I don't know...
TRENT: You can't think like that, baby. It's hard, I know. I've been there. Not for six years, but I know. You just gotta get back out there.
MIKE: It's just tough, after sleeping with someone you love for so long, to be with someone new... who doesn't know what I like... and you gotta wear a jimmy...
TRENT: ...gotta...
MIKE: ...and then I'm struggling to impress some chick who's not half as classy as my girlfriend, who I'm not even really attracted to...
TRENT: Oh fuck that. You don't have to try and impress anyone. You think I give a shit? You think I sweat that skanky whore waitress...
TRENT: ...One fifty-nine, Two minutes.
WAITRESS: Two vodka martinis, straight up, shaken not stirred, very dry, easy on the water.
TRENT: Beautiful. What time are you off... ...Christy?
WAITRESS: Six.