TRIP: It's gone.
LEX: I can see that, bright boy. What happened to it?
JAM: It was stolen!
HAWK: Christine stole it! Asleep, my ass! The stella booted with your mom's wheels.
LEX: But we took the keys?
TRIP: Damn, she musta hot wired it. We picked up a professional car thief in the shape of Olivia Newton-John!
LEX: Okay, I'm just a little mad now! Jam, why'd you talk us into picking that bitch up in the first place!?
JAM: I'm sorry, guys. I thought it was a nice thing to do.
HAWK: Jam, not another word out of your femmy-ass mouth! Okay, we're here, we got nothing, and we got an hour and a half. We're totally committed. It's time to brainstorm.
LEX: Here's a suggestion. Let's stop worrying about the concert for the time being and get the cops in on this Volvo situation.
HAWK: Wake up, Lex. This is Detroit. The cops aren't gonna waste city dollars looking for a Swedish car. Face it, the Volvo's on a cutting board as we speak getting sliced, diced, and julienned by Christine, the chop shop gourmet.
HAWK: Now listen up. Here's the game plan.
LEX: ...I mean, my mom's got insurance. What's the worst thing she could do? Ground me for the entire year? I can handle that...
HAWK: Cool, bro, now listen up...
LEX: ...Holy shit! I am in absolute trouble! I never should have let you drive, man! Absolute fuckin' trouble!
HAWK: Okay, shut the fuck up, Lex! Now, then, step number one, we find us a scalper. I got... twenty-five.
TRIP: Twenty-five more'n I got.
LEX: All I got is five. The rest is in the Volvo.
JAM: I got...
HAWK: Uh-uh. Don't tell us, Jam. Just show us.
HAWK: So maybe we got enough for one ticket. Fuck!
TRIP: Waitaminit, dudes! I got it! We find four really small kids, beat the shit outta them and steal their tickets. What do you think?
HAWK: Brilliance, Trip. Sheer brilliance. Give Albert Einstein here the Nobel Prize.
LEX: I think we should try sneaking in.
HAWK: Four dudes sneaking in? We'd get busted fer sure. Bad plan.
LEX: Okay, one of us sneaks in, gets four ticket stubs off some kids in the audience, comes back out, and we all re-enter" the concerto. Voila!"
HAWK: Still too risky for my money. We're running out of time here. This is KISS! A victory for one is a victory for the team. I'm sure I can barter with a scalper, but if you dudes think you got better plans, go for it. We'll reconvene at that intersection...
HAWK: ...at twenty-thirty hours.
TRIP: One more time in English.
HAWK: For the next hour and a half it's every dude for himself. Try to get at least one ticket and at 8:30 P.M. we'll meet over there.
JAM: Wait! I know how we can get in!
HAWK: Jam, shut-up! You're not allowed to speak, remember? Go use whatever femmy idea you have to get yourself a ticket or four. I don't wanna hear it.
JAM: But... my plan involves all four of us acting together.
HAWK: See you at 8:30, Jam. Later. Dudes? Later.