SONDRA: What is?
CONWAY: All of it. Father Perrault and his magnificent history. This place, hidden away from the rest of the world, with its glorious concepts, and now you come along and confuse me entirely.
SONDRA: I'm sorry. I thought I was to be the light. But why do I confuse you? Am I so strange?
CONWAY: On the contrary, you're not strange. And that in itself is confusing. I have the same idea about Shangri- La. The sense that I've been here before, that I belong here.
SONDRA: I'm so glad.
CONWAY: I can't quite explain it, but everything is somehow familiar. The very air that I breathe. The Lamasery, with its feet rooted in the good earth of this fertile valley, while its head explores the eternal. All the beautiful things I see, these cherry blossoms, you - all somehow familiar. I've been kidnapped and brought here against my will. A crime, a great crime, yet I accept it amiably, with the same warm amiability one tolerates only from a very dear and close friend. Why? Can you tell me why?
SONDRA: Perhaps because you've always been a part of Shangri-La without knowing it.
CONWAY: I wonder.
SONDRA: I'm sure of it. Just as I'm sure there's a wish for Shangri-La in everyone's heart. I have never seen the outside world. But I understand there are millions and millions of people who are supposed to be mean and greedy. Yet I just know that secretly they are all hoping to find a garden spot where there is peace and security, where there's beauty and comfort, where they wouldn't have to be mean and greedy. Oh, I just wish the whole world might come to this valley.
CONWAY: Then it wouldn't be a garden spot for long.
LOVETT: I don't know why I associate with you, Mr. Barnard - or Mr. Chalmers Bryant - or Mr. Embezzler - or whatever your name may be.
BARNARD: Just call me Barney.
LOVETT: Barney? Why should I? Never! We have nothing in common. Hmmpf, Barney! What effrontery!
BARNARD: Okay, Lovey.
LOVETT: And this trip to the valley. I can't imagine why I'd allow you to drag me down here. Why, we don't know anything about these people. We're not even armed!
BARNARD: They're very nice people - except that they've got horns.
LOVETT: Horns?
BARNARD: Yeah. You know.
LOVETT: Horns? What kind of horns?