ROTH: Sit down, this is almost over. You follow the baseball games?
MICHAEL: Not for a few years.
ROTH: I like sporting events -- I really enjoy watching them in the afternoon. One of the things I love about this country. I loved baseball ever since Arnold Rothstein fixed the World Series of 1919...I heard you had some trouble.
MICHAEL: Yes.
ROTH: What a mistake; people behaving like that, with guns. It was my understanding we left all that behind. But, let me tell you, the important thing is that you're all right. Good health is the most important thing; more than success; more than power; more than money.
MICHAEL: The incident of the other night is a nuisance that I can take care of. I came to you because I want nothing to affect our agreement; I wanted to clear everything I'm going to do with you, just in case.
ROTH: You're a considerate young man.
MICHAEL: You're a great man, Mr. Roth, I have much to learn from you.
ROTH: However I can help you...
MICHAEL: The Rosato Brothers have performed services for you in the past; I understand that they are under your protection.
ROTH: We do favors for each other...
MICHAEL: Technically, they are still under the Clemenza wing of the Corleone Family, now run by Frankie Pentangeli. After Clemenza died, the Rosatos wanted territory of their own. Pentangeli refused, and came to me, asking for permission to eliminate them. I, of course, knew of their relationship with you, and in gratitude for your help with the Tropicana matter, turned him down. Pentangeli was furious, and paid one hundred and fifty thousand dollars to have me killed. I was lucky and he was stupid. I'll visit him soon. The important thing is that nothing jeopardize our plans, yours and mine. This thing of ours, that we will build.
ROTH: Nothing is more important.
MICHAEL: Pentangeli is a dead man; do you object?
ROTH: It's always bad for business; but you have no choice.
MICHAEL: Then it's done. I must choose his replacement: it cannot be Rosato.
ROTH: Of course you must keep control of your family.