SHUTTLE: I keep having this nightmare--that he catches us.
PENELOPE: Doing what?
SHUTTLE: He'd kill me. He'd be right to kill me, too--the kind of guy he is.
PENELOPE: Or was. We haven't done anything wrong, you know.
SHUTTLE: He'd assume we had.
PENELOPE: That's something I suppose.
SHUTTLE: All through the day I'm so confident. That's why I'm such a good salesman, you know? I have confidence, and I look like I have confidence, and that gives other people confidence. People laugh sometimes when they find out I'm a vacuum cleaner salesman. They stop laughing, though, when they find out I made forty-three thousand dollars last year. I've got six other salesmen working under me, and what they all plug into is my confidence. That's what charges them up.
PENELOPE: I'm glad.
SHUTTLE: I was captain of the wrestling team at Lehigh University.
PENELOPE: I know.
SHUTTLE: If you want to wrestle, you got Lehigh. If you want to play tennis, you go to Vanderbilt.
PENELOPE: I don't want to go to Vanderbilt.
SHUTTLE: You don't wrestle if you don't have supreme confidence, and I wrestled. But when I get with you, and I say to myself, My God--here I am with the wife of Harold Ryan
PENELOPE: Yes?
SHUTTLE: Something happens to my confidence.
PENELOPE: This conversation took place, incidentally, about three months before Harold was declared legally dead.
SHUTTLE: When Harold is definitely out of the picture, Penelope, when I don't have to worry about doing him wrong or you wrong or Paul wrong. I'm going to ask you to be my wife.
PENELOPE: I'm touched.
SHUTTLE: That's when I'll get my confidence back.
PENELOPE: I see.
SHUTTLE: If you'll pardon the expression, that's when you'll see the fur and feathers fly. Good night.
PENELOPE: Good night.
SHUTTLE: You've got to fight from time to time.
WOODLY: Not true.
SHUTTLE: Or get eaten alive.
WOODLY: That's not true either--or needn't be, unless we make it true.
SHUTTLE: Phooey.
WOODLY: Which we do. But we can stop doing that.
WOODLY: We simply stop doing that--dropping things on each other, eating each other alive.
SHUTTLE: Penelope! We're late!
PENELOPE: Coming.
SHUTTLE: Women are always late. You'll find out.
WOODLY: The late Mrs. Harold Ryan.
SHUTTLE: I'm sick of this argument. I just have one more thing to say: If you elect a President, you support him, no matter what he does. That's the only way you can have a country!
WOODLY: It's the planet that's in ghastly trouble now and all our brothers and sisters thereon.
SHUTTLE: None of my relatives are Chinese Communists. Speak for yourself.
WOODLY: Chinese maniacs and Russian maniacs and American maniacs and French maniacs and British maniacs have turned this lovely, moist, nourishing blue-green ball into a doomsday device. Let a radar set and a computer mistake a hawk or a meteor for a missile, and that's the end of mankind.
SHUTTLE: You can believe that if you want. I talk to guys like you, and I want to commit suicide. You get that weight-lifting set I sent you?
PAUL: It came yesterday. I haven't opened it yet.
WOODLY: Maybe it's supposed to end now. Maybe God wouldn't have it any other way.
SHUTTLE: Start with the smallest weights. Every week add a pound or two.
WOODLY: Maybe God has let everybody who ever lived be reborn--so he or she can see how it ends. Even Pithecanthropus erectus and Australopithecus and Sinanthropus pekensis and the Neanderthalers are back on Earth--to see how it ends. They're all on Times Square--making change for peepshows. Or recruiting Marines.
SHUTTLE: You ever hear the story about the boy who carried a calf around the barn every day?
WOODLY: He died of a massive rupture.
SHUTTLE: You think you're so funny. You're not even funny. Right? Right? You don't hurt yourself if you start out slow.
WOODLY: You're preparing him for a career in the slaughterhouses of Dubuque? Take care of your body, yes! But don't become a bender of horseshoes and railroad spikes. Don't become obsessed by your musculature. Any one of these poor, dead animals here was a thousand times the athlete you can ever hope to be. Their magic was in their muscles. Your magic is in your brains!
PENELOPE: Gentlemen! Is this right for a fight? It's been so long.
SHUTTLE: Beautiful! I've never seen that coat.
PENELOPE: Seven jaguars' skins, I'm told. Harold shot every one. Shall we go?
WOODLY: Oh no! Wear a coat of cotton--wear a coat of wool.
PENELOPE: What?
WOODLY: Wear a coat of domestic mink. For the love of God, though, Penelope, don't lightheartedly advertise that the last of the jaguars died for you.
SHUTTLE: She's my date tonight. What do you want her to do--bring the poor old jaguars back to life with a bicycle pump? Bugger off! Ask Paul what he thinks. Your mother looks beautiful--right? Kid? Doesn't your mother look nice? Paul?
PAUL: I don't care what she wears.
SHUTTLE: Something's made you sore.
PAUL: Don't worry about it.
SHUTTLE: You bet I'll worry about it. I said something wrong?
PAUL: It's my father's birthday--that's all. That's all. Who cares about that?
SHUTTLE: I had not the slightest inkling. Why didn't you say so?
PAUL: She doesn't care! She's not married any more! She's going to have fun! I hope you have so much fun you can hardly stand it. Dr. Woodly--I hope you make up even better jokes about my father than the ones you've said so far.
SHUTTLE: Kid--kid--
PAUL: And I wish you'd quit touching me all the time. It drives me nuts!
SHUTTLE: What's this?
PAUL: Don't!
SHUTTLE: You sure misunderstood something-- and we'd better get it straight.
PAUL: Explain it to them. I'm bugging out of here.
PAUL: Don't touch me. Get out of the way.
SHUTTLE: Men can touch other men, and it doesn't mean a thing. Haven't you ever seen football players after they've won the Superbowl?
PENELOPE: Where will you be?
PAUL: Anywhere but here. I'd just sit here and cry about the way my father's been forgotten.
SHUTTLE: I worship your father. That stuffed alligator your mother gave me--the one he shot? It's the proudest thing in my apartment.
PAUL: Everybody talks about how rotten kids act. Grownups can be pretty rotten, too.
SHUTTLE: Kid--kid--
WOODLY: It's good. Let him go.
SHUTTLE: If he'd just come out for the Little League, the way I asked him, he'd find out we touch all the time--shove each other, slug each other, and just horse around. I'm going to go get him--
WOODLY: Don't! Let him have all the privacy he wants. Let him grieve, let him rage. There has never been a funeral for his father.
PENELOPE: I never knew when to hold it--or who to ask, or what to say.
WOODLY: Tonight's the night.
SHUTTLE: If he'd just get into scouting, and camp out some, and see how everybody roughhouses around the fire--
WOODLY: What a beautiful demonstration this is of the utter necessity of rites of passage.
SHUTTLE: I feel like I've been double- crossed. If you'd just told me it was Harold's birthday--
PENELOPE: What then?
SHUTTLE: We could have had some kind of birthday party for him. We could have taken Paul to the fight with us.
WOODLY: Minors aren't allowed at fights.
SHUTTLE: Then we'd stay home and eat venison or something, and look through the scrapbooks. I've got a friend who has a whole freezer full of striped bass and caribou meat. I'm going to bring that boy back.
WOODLY: This is very good for us.
PENELOPE: It is?
WOODLY: The wilder Paul is tonight, the calmer he'll be tomorrow.
PENELOPE: As long as he keeps out of the park.
WOODLY: After this explosion, I think, he'll be able to accept the fact that his mother is going to marry again.
PENELOPE: The only thing I ever told him about life was, Keep out of the park after the sun goes down.""
WOODLY: We've got to dump Shuttle. He brings his vacuum cleaner on dates?
PENELOPE: That's the XKE.
WOODLY: The what?
PENELOPE: It's an experimental model. He doesn't dare leave it in his car, for fear it will fall into the hands of competition.
WOODLY: What kind of a life is that?
PENELOPE: He told me one time what the proudest moment of his life was. He made Eagle Scout when he was twenty-nine years old. Oh, Norbert--promise me that Paul has not gone into the park!
WOODLY: If you warned him against it as much as you say, it's almost a certainty.
PENELOPE: No! Oh no! Three people murdered in there in the last six weeks! The police won't even go in there any more.
WOODLY: I wish Paul luck.
PENELOPE: It's suicide!
WOODLY: I'd be dead by now if that were the case.
PENELOPE: Meaning?
WOODLY: Every night, Penelope, for the past two years, I've made it a point to walk through the park at midnight.
PENELOPE: Why would you do that?
WOODLY: To show myself how brave I am. The issue's in doubt, you know--since I'm always for peace--
PENELOPE: I'm amazed.
WOODLY: Me, too. I know something not even the police know--what's in the park at midnight. Nothing. Or, when I'm in there, there's me in there. Fear and nobody and me.
PENELOPE: And maybe Paul. What about the murderers? They're in there!
WOODLY: They didn't murder me.
PENELOPE: Paul's only twelve years old.
WOODLY: He can make the sound of human footsteps--which is a terrifying sound.
PENELOPE: We've got to rescue him.
WOODLY: If he is in the park, luck is all that can save him now, and there's plenty of that.
PENELOPE: He's not your son.
WOODLY: No. But he's going to be. If he is in the park and he comes out safely on the other side, I can say to him, You and I are the only men with balls enough to walk through the park at midnight." On that we can build."
PENELOPE: It's a jungle out there.
WOODLY: That's been said before.
PENELOPE: He'd go to a movie. I think that's what he'd do. If I were sure he was in a movie, I could stop worrying. We could have him paged.