NINOTCHKA: I'm sorry, gentlemen. The other day I heard such a funny story... It still makes me laugh. It is very funny. I am sorry. Oh yes... about this injunction...
LAWYER: The hearing is set for the twentieth of this month.
NINOTCHKA: That's two weeks from Thursday...
LAWYER: We did our utmost to have it set ahead.
NINOTCHKA: I know, gentlemen, but it is in the hands of the Court. We're helpless, aren't we?
LAWYER: Yes. It is unfortunate.
NINOTCHKA: Well, there's nothing we can do about it. Why get excited?
LAWYER: We'll leave these papers here for your further consideration. Au revoir, madame.
NINOTCHKA: Au revoir.
NINOTCHKA: Well, it means another two weeks in Paris.
IRANOFF: Too bad we have to waste all that time.
KOPALSKI: I acted on your suggestion and got in touch with the Power and Light authorities. Whenever you want to visit their plants they are open to you.
NINOTCHKA: Oh yes, Power and Light. Thank you.
BULJANOFF: There's something else which I know will appeal to you. A visit to the Paris sewers. They tell me it is extremely instructive.
NINOTCHKA: Huh?... Why don't you get a haircut, Buljanoff? You all look so wintry, Comrades. And why do we always keep the windows closed? Isn't it amazing, at home there's still snow and ice and here... Look at the birds. I always felt a little hurt that our swallows deserted us in the winter for capitalistic countries. Now I know why. We have the high ideal but they have the climate... well, Comrades, I don't think I need you any more.
KOPALSKI: If there is anything we can do for you...
NINOTCHKA: No, not a thing. Would you like to go out?
ALL THREE RUSSIANS: Thank you, Comrade.
NINOTCHKA: Have you any money?
NINOTCHKA: Well, here are fifty francs.
ALL THREE RUSSIANS: Thank you, Comrade, thank you.
NINOTCHKA: Bring me forty-five back.
ALL THREE RUSSIANS: Naturally, Comrade.
LEON: What time have you, Gaston?
GASTON: Eight forty-two, sir.
LEON: I guess it is eight forty-two.
GASTON: You seem to be a bit nervous, sir.
LEON: I am, Gaston.
GASTON: If you will forgive me, ever since you met that Bolshevik lady I've noticed a distinct change in you, sir.
LEON: Have you?
GASTON: Decidedly. Yesterday I was greatly amazed when I came from the market and found that you had made your bed, sir.
LEON: And Gaston, I was happier all day long. I felt I'd contributed something.
GASTON: Well, sir, if you should do it again, which I hope you won't, please remember the order. Counterpane, blanket, blanket, sheet, sheet.
LEON: Ah, there's something poetic about the simple processes of labor. Counterpane, blanket, blanket, sheet, sheet... it should be set to music!
GASTON: May I add, sir, that it was with great amazement that I found a copy of Karl Marx's Capital on your night table. That is a socialistic volume which I refuse to so much as dust, sir. I view with alarm, sir, the influence over you of this Bolshevik lady.
LEON: I can't follow you, Gaston, isn't it about time that you realized the unfairness of your position? You being my servant? Wouldn't you like to stand on an equal footing with me?
GASTON: No, sir.
LEON: Isn't there any revolt in you? Sometimes when I order you around don't you feel like kicking me in the pants?
GASTON: No, sir.
LEON: Oh, you're a reactionary! Don't you look forward to the day when you can come in here and stand square on your two feet and say, Hey
GASTON: Emphatically not, sir. The prospect terrifies me. Now, don't misunderstand me, sir, I don't resent your not paying me for the past two months, but the thought that I should split my bank account with you... that you should take half of my life's savings... that is really too much for me.