MAX: This is for lawyers to talk about, this concerns a run-of-the-play contract, and this you can't rewrite or ad lib!
MARGO: Are you threatening me with legal action, Mr. Fabian?
MAX: Are you breaking the contract?
MARGO: Answer my question!
MAX: Who am I to threaten? I'm a dying man.
MARGO: I didn't hear you.
MAX: I said I'm a dying man!
MARGO: Not until the last drugstore has sold its last pill!
LLOYD: I shall never understand the weird process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancies itself a mind! Just when exactly does an actress decide they're her words she's saying and her thoughts she's expressing?
MARGO: Usually at the point when she's got to rewrite and rethink them to keep the audience from leaving the theater!
LLOYD: It's about time the piano realized it has not written the concerto!
MARGO: And you, I take it, are the Paderewski who plays his concerto on me, the piano? Where is Princess Fire-and-Music?
BILL: Who?
MARGO: The kid. Junior.
BILL: Gone.
MARGO: I must have frightened her away.
BILL: I wouldn't be surprised. Sometimes you frighten me.
MARGO: Poor little flower. Just dropped her petals and folded her tent...
BILL: Don't mix your metaphors.
MARGO: I mix what I like.
BILL: Okay. Mix.
MARGO: I'm nothing but a body with a voice. No mind.
BILL: What a body, what a voice.
MARGO: The ex-ship news' reporter. No body, no voice, all mind!
BILL: The gong rang. The fight's over. Calm down.
MARGO: I will not calm down!
BILL: Don't calm down.
MARGO: You're being terribly tolerant, aren't you?
BILL: I'm trying terribly hard.
MARGO: Well, you needn't. I will not be tolerated. And I will not be plotted against!
BILL: Here we go...
MARGO: Such nonsense, what do you all take me for - little Nell from the country? Been my understudy for over a week without my knowing, carefully hidden no doubt-
BILL: Now don't get carried away-
MARGO: - shows up for an audition when everyone knew I'd be here... and gives a performance! Out of nowhere - gives a performance!
BILL: You've been all through that with Lloyd-
MARGO: The playwright doesn't make the performance - and it doesn't just happen! And this one didn't - full of fire and music and whatnot, it was carefully rehearsed I have no doubt, over and over, full of those Bill Sampson touches!
BILL: I am sick and tired of these paranoiac outbursts!
MARGO: Paranoiac!
BILL: I didn't know Eve Harrington was your understudy until half past two this afternoon!
MARGO: Tell that to Dr. Freud! Along with the rest of it...
BILL: No, I'll tell it to you! For the last time, I'll tell it to you. Because you've got to stop hurting yourself, and me, and the two of us by these paranoiac tantrums!
MARGO: That word again! I don't even know what it means...
BILL: It's time you found out. I love you. I love you. You're a beautiful and intelligent woman- - a beautiful and intelligent woman and a great actress- - at the peak of her career. You have every reason for happiness- - every reason, but due to some strange, uncontrollable, unconscious drive you permit the slightest action of a kid- - kid like Eve to turn you into a hysterical, screaming harpy! Now once and for all, stop it!
MARGO: It's obvious you're not a woman.
BILL: I've been aware of that for some time.
MARGO: Well, I am.
BILL: I'll say.
MARGO: Don't be condescending.
BILL: Come on, get up. I'll buy you a drink.
MARGO: I admit I may have seen better days, but I am still not to be had for the price of a cocktail - like a salted peanut.
BILL: Margo, let's make peace.
MARGO: The terms are too high. Unconditional surrender.
BILL: Just being happy? Just stopping all this nonsense about Eve - and Eve and me?
MARGO: It's not nonsense.
BILL: But if I tell you it is - as I just did. Were you listening to me? Isn't that enough?
MARGO: I wish it were.
BILL: Then what would be enough? If we were married?
MARGO: I wouldn't want you to marry me just to prove something.
BILL: You've had so many reasons for not wanting to marry me... Margo, tell me what's behind all this.
MARGO: I - I don't know, Bill. Just a feeling, I don't know...
BILL: I think you do know but you won't or can't tell me. I said before it was going to be my last try, and I meant it. I can't think of anything else to do. I wish I could. We usually wind up screaming and throwing things as the curtain comes down. Then it comes up again and everything's fine. But not this time. You know there isn't a playwright in the world who could make me believe this would happen between two adult people. Goodbye, Margo.
MARGO: Bill... ... where are you going? To find Eve?
BILL: That suddenly makes the whole thing believable.