SOMERSET: The irony is, after a day of the type of work he did, he'd come home and read me these morbid crime stories. Murders in the Rue Morgue. Le Fanu's Green Tea. My mother would give him hell because he was keeping me up till all hours.
MILLS: Sounds like a father who wanted his son to follow in his footsteps.
SOMERSET: One birthday he gave me this brand new hardcover book, The Century of the Detective
SOMERSET: You know... there's not going to be a happy ending to this. It's not possible anymore.
MILLS: If we get him, I'll be happy enough.
SOMERSET: No. Face it now. Stop thinking it's good guys against bad guys.
MILLS: How can you say that? Especially after today?
SOMERSET: Don't try to focus on things as black and white, because you'll go blind. There's no winning and losing here.
MILLS: You're the oldest man I know, Somerset.
SOMERSET: You tell me, then... you walk into an apartment, and a man has beaten his wife to death, or the wife murdered the husband, and you have to wash the blood off their children. You put the killer in jail. Who won?
MILLS: You do your job...
SOMERSET: Where's the victory?
MILLS: You follow the law and do the best you can. It's all there.
SOMERSET: Just know that in this case there's not going to be any satisfaction. If we caught John Doe and he were the devil himself, if it turned out he were actually Satan, then, that might live up to our expectations. No human being could do these things, right? But, this is not the devil. It's just a man.
MILLS: Why don't you shut the fuck up for a while? You bitch and complain... if I thought like you, I would have slit my wrist already.
MILLS: You think you're preparing me for the hard times ahead? You think you're toughening me up? Well, you're not! You're quitting, fine... but I'm staying.
SOMERSET: People don't want a champion. They just want to keep playing the lottery and eating hamburgers.
MILLS: What the fuck is wrong with you? What burnt you out?
SOMERSET: It wasn't one thing, if that's what you mean. I just... I can't live here anymore. I can't live where stupidity is embraced and nurtured as if it were a virtue.
MILLS: Oh, you're so much better than everyone, right? No one's worthy of you.
SOMERSET: Wrong! I sympathize completely, because if you can't win... then, if you don't ignore everything and everyone around you, you... you become like John Doe. It's easier to beat a child than it is to raise it, because it takes so much work to love. You just have to make sure you don't stop to think about the abuse, and the damage, because you'll risk being sad. Keep ignoring.
MILLS: You're talking about people who are mentally ill. You're...
SOMERSET: No I'm not! I'm talking about common, everyday life here. If you let yourself worry about one thing, you'll worry about the next, and the next, and it never ends. In this place, ignorance isn't just bliss, it's a matter of survival.
MILLS: Listen to yourself. You say, the problem with people is they don't care
SOMERSET: That part of me is dead.