HENRY: What's wrong with you?
TRAPPER: I don't know. I must have lost my punch. I didn't think the son-of-a- bitch would get up.
HAWKEYE: Stop acting like a colonel, Henry. You know Trapper wouldn't sock him without a good reason.
HENRY: There's no reason good enough for one medical officer to strike another.
DUKE: That there Frank Burns is a menace. Whenever a patient croaks on him it's either God's will or somebody else's fault.
HAWKEYE: This time he did it to a kid who's simple enough to believe him. Why don't you dump the mother, Henry? He creates more work than he gets done.
HENRY: I should fire him because he got in the way of Trapper's fist? No. I've put up with a lot from you guys, but now I finally have to take disciplinary action.
HAWKEYE: Christ. All of a sudden it's West Point.
DUKE: What are you going to do with him?
HENRY: Well... I was going to name you Chief Surgeon... To consult on both shifts, yours and Frank's.
DUKE: Hey, that's great, Henry! Good thinking!
HAWKEYE: First decent idea you've had in a month.
HENRY: Now I'll have to wait at least a week. If I announced it tomorrow, after what our new Chief Nurse saw this afternoon, they'd hear her yelling from Seoul to Washington.
HOT LIPS: Captain Pierce, would I be imposing...?
HAWKEYE: Honey, nobody as pretty as you could ever impose... please sit down. Coffee?
HOT LIPS: Captain, I've been observing the nurses on your shift. But naturally your own opinion is more informed than mine.
HAWKEYE: I'm glad you feel that way, Major, because you see it's a team effort... doctors, nurses, enlisted men... and I feel responsible for my whole team, and I want you to know I'm satisfied with them.
HOT LIPS: All of them?
HAWKEYE: That's right. We work well together.
HOT LIPS: Major Burns is far from satisfied.
HAWKEYE: That don't surprise me. If you're a good observer, you must have observed by now that Frank Burns is a jerk.
HOT LIPS: On the contrary, I've observed he's not only a good technical surgeon, he's a good military surgeon. And that includes how a man dresses and how he bears himself and his sense of what it means to be an officer in the United States Army.
HAWKEYE: And his track record, that don't count? Look, honey, when you watch the two shifts try to notice which one does the most work with the least fuss.
HOT LIPS: I've noticed that both nurses and enlisted men address you as 'Hawkeye.'
HAWKEYE: It's my name. Maybe that sounds silly to you but...
HOT LIPS: That kind of familiarity is inconsistent with maximum efficiency in a military organization.
HAWKEYE: Okay, Major, honey. I'm going to have a couple shots scotch and go to bed. I'd normally ask you to join me but obviously you're a female version of the routine Regular Army clown. And that turns me off, so just leave my outfit alone and we'll get along fine. See you around the campus.
HOT LIPS: I wonder how a degenerated person like you could have reached a position of responsibility in the Army Medical Corps.
HAWKEYE: Sister, if I knew the answer to that I sure as hell wouldn't be here.