SHELDON: Sonny! Could you come out, please? Could you come out, please?
SONNY: It's my mother. Who needs this shit?
SONNY: What do you want here, Ma? You could of watched it on TV.
VI: My God, Sonny - you oughtta see - Alla Brooklyn is here! On all 3 networks!
SONNY: Mom - I got it all worked out; it's over. The best thing is you go home. Watch it on TV.
VI: I talked to the FBI, I told them about you, they said if you just come outta the bank it's gonna be okay.
SONNY: You did what? Who did you talk to? What for?
VI: Well, I'm only trying to get you outta this. I told them you were in Vietnam, you always had good jobs, you were with Goldwater at the '64 convention, but you had marital problems...
SONNY: Oh my God, mother!
VI: I said you were never a faggot.
SONNY: Don't talk to them anymore. Sal and me are getting a jet, we're going to Algeria - I'll write you from there.
VI: He was very understanding - you ought to talk to him ... Algeria?
SONNY: We can't stay here.
VI: Oh my God! I don't understand. If you needed money, why couldn't you come to me? Everything I got is yours. I got two hundred and maybe twenty-five in the savings. It's yours. You know it.
SONNY: Mom - they're sending a bus to take us to the airport. You understand? If you're here - they're not gonna send it. They'll think I'm gonna come out with you.
VI: What's wrong with that? The FBI was very understanding when I explained it to him. Everybody knows it isn't you ... It's the pressures from your home life.
SONNY: For God's sake don't start in on Heidi again ...
VI: Did I say a thing against her? God forbid I should say anything against that fat cunt.
SONNY: Mom. Mom. There are some things a mother shouldn't say in front of her son.
VI: If she comes down here, so help me I'm gonna mash her brains in. Everything in your life was sunlight and roses until you met her. Since then, forget it.
SONNY: She doesn't have anything to do with it! You understand that? Mother? This is me!
VI: I know you wouldn't need Leon if Heidi was treating you right. The thing I don't understand is why you come out and sleep with Heidi anyway? You got two kids on welfare now. What're you goin' to bed with her, you don't have enough with one wife and two kids on welfare, you want a wife and three kids on welfare?
SONNY: Not now, Mom, please.
VI: What'll you do? Come out.
SONNY: I can't, Mom. If I come out Sal will kill them.
VI: Oh. Run.
SONNY: What the hell for? Twenty-five years in the pen?
VI: Maybe...
SONNY: Maybe! Aw Christ, what dreams you live on! Maybe what?
SONNY: I'm a fuckup and an outcast. There isn't one single person in my life I haven't hurt through my love. You understand that? I'm the most dangerous person in the world, because if I love you, watch out, you're gonna get fucked, fucked over and fucked out!
VI: No!
SONNY: Did Pop come down?
VI: No. This really pissed him off, Sonny. He says you're dead. He says he doesn't have a son.
SONNY: He's right. You shoulda done what he did. Go home. Don't talk to the FBI anymore.