JOHN: Jake, how much were you going to pay me to do the job?
JAKE: Thirteen-thousand dollars. Had you done it. Isn't that what we agreed on?
JOHN: You think that's a lot of money?
JAKE: All I have in the world.
JOHN: That's what I like about you, Jake. You're an honest man.
JENNY: Hey, Mister. Mister. I just. . . I just wanted to thank you.
JOHN: For what?
JENNY: For defending my honor this afternoon.
JOHN: I hate to bust your bubble, but I wasn't defending you.
JENNY: But you was going to fight for me.
JOHN: I wasn't going to fight for you. I was just going to beat the shit out of your boyfriend.
JENNY: He's not my boyfriend. I mean, I let him take me out and stuff, but I ain't spoken for. Not yet that is.
JOHN: Get it through your head, little girl; I'm not going for you. If this Toby likes you, then if I were you I'd marry him. You're not going to get much better in this town.
JENNY: That's what I thought until you came riding in. I saw your car over at the gas station. It's cool. Want to take me for a ride? Desert's kind of lonely this time of day.
JOHN: How old are you?
JENNY: Eighteen. Well, I'm gonna be eighteen in two years, but that don't mean you can't take me for a ride if you want.
JOHN: No, I don't want to take you for a ride. What I want is for . . . Hey, you don't happen to have a hundred and fifty dollars I could--
TOBY: Mister!
JOHN: Oh, shit!
TOBY: That's right, Mister. You better be afraid. I told you it wasn't over, but you didn't listen. Now I find you sneakin' around with my girl behind my back.
JOHN: I wasn't sneaking around with your girl. Would you please tell him?
JENNY: You're too late, Toby. We're going to get in his fancy car and ride off and leave you behind.
JOHN: What the hell are you talking about?
JENNY: What's your name anyway?
TOBY: Oh, that tears it, Mister. I'm gonna bust you up but good. I'm gonna bust you into a million pieces and then . . . and then bust those pieces up, and then . . . and then spread them all around. That's what I'm gonna do. You don't know what you're dealing with, Mister. I'm crazy. I'm psycho crazy.
JOHN: Yeah, I know. You're TNT. Just like dynamite. When you go off somebody gets hurt. All right. Let's do this.
JENNY: Toby Tyler, it don't matter to me if you beat him all up and knock out all his teeth and he's just drooling and bleeding all over hisself, 'cause we love each other and we gonna run off, and I'm gonna have his love child.
JOHN: Will you shut up!