NIXON: Yeah, well, as I said, Edgar ...
HOOVER: You asked if you could count on my support ... As long as I can count on yours.
NIXON: The old queen did it on purpose.
NIXON: He wasn't protecting me. He was putting me on notice.
HALDEMAN: What? That he knew Johnny Roselli? Hoover knew a lot of gangsters.
NIXON: Yeah, but Roselli wasn't just any gangster. He was the gangster who set up Track 2 in Cuba.
HALDEMAN: I don't understand. Track 2's Chile?
NIXON: Chile, Congo, Guatemala, Cuba. Wherever's there's a need for an Executive Action capability, there's a Track 2. In Cuba, Track 1 was the Bay of Pigs invasion. Track 2 ... it was our idea. We felt the invasion wouldn't work unless we got rid of Castro. So we asked ourselves -- who else wants Castro dead? The Mafia, the money people. So we put together Track 2 ...
NIXON: The first assassination attempt was in '60, just before the election.
HALDEMAN: Before?! Eisenhower approved that?
NIXON: He didn't veto it. I ran the White House side. The mob contact was Johnny Roselli. One of the CIA guys was that jackass, Howard Hunt.
HALDEMAN: Jesus!
NIXON: And not just Hunt. Frank Sturgis, all those Cubans. All of them in the Watergate. They were involved in Track 2 in Cuba. Hunt reported to my military aide. But I met with him several times as Vice President. That's what worries the shit out of me. I don't know how much Hunt knows. Or the Cubans.
HALDEMAN: So? You wanted Castro dead. Everybody wanted Castro dead. If Hunt and the others are CIA, why don't we just throw this back in the CIA's lap? Let Richard Helms take the fall?
NIXON: Because ... because Dick Helms knows too much ... If anyone in this country knows more than I do, it's Hoover and Helms! You don't fuck with Dick Helms! Period.
HALDEMAN: Alright. But why, if Kennedy is so clean in all this, didn't he cancel Track 2?
NIXON: Because he didn't even know about it. The CIA never told him, they just kept it going. It was like ... it had a life of its own. Like ... a kind of beast" that doesn't even know it exists. It just eats people when it doesn't need 'em anymore. Two days after the Bay of Pigs
NIXON: ... he'd just found out about Track 2.
HALDEMAN: You never told him?
NIXON: I didn't want him to get the credit. He said I'd stabbed him in the back. Called me a two-bit grocery clerk from Whittier.