FRANK: I'd like to kill that son of a bitch. I hate him.
KARL: You ort not to talk that way. You're just a boy.
FRANK: Well, I hate him.
KARL: He ort not to talk that away to you neither. He ain't no count. He's mean to you and your mama. Yore mama and that feller that's carryin' me to get somethin' d'eat's gonna be back here directly.
FRANK: Will you stay here with us for a long time?
KARL: I reckon if you want me to. I got some of that potted meat and sodie crackers left over if you want some.
FRANK: I don't see how you can eat that stuff with all those insides it's made out of.
KARL: I reckon it tastes pretty good to me.
FRANK: I like the way you talk.
KARL: I like the way you talk.
VAUGHAN: Okay, Karl, the reason I brought you here was to talk to you about something that is on my mind. I guess I'll put it right out on the table. Where do I start. Linda and Frank are very important to me. They're like family. My own family was never like family. They're horrible people. As a matter of fact I prayed every night for years that my father would die. I finally realized through a lot of therapy that I was wasting my energy on hating him. Now I just don't care. You see, you and I are a lot alike, strange as that may seem. I mean not physically or even mentally really, just well, maybe emotionally or actually the hand we've been dealt in life. We're different. People see us as being different anyway. You're -- well you have your affliction or whatever and I, well mine's not as easy to see. I'm just going to say it. I'm gay. Does that surprise you? That I'm gay. You know what being gay is, don't you?
KARL: I reckon not.
VAUGHAN: Homosexual. I like men. Sexually.
KARL: Not funny, ha, ha, funny queer.
VAUGHAN: Well that's a very offensive way to put it. You shouldn't say that. You were taught that, weren't you?
KARL: I've heard it said that way.
VAUGHAN: Anyway, it's hard to live gay, that's the right way to say it, in a small town like this. I've wanted to leave many times, but my love for Linda and Frank and another certain person that we won't go into have kept me from it. Anyway, I'm rambling. If you're going to live in the Wheatly garage you need to know that it won't be easy. Doyle is a monster. Not just a closed minded redneck, but a monster. A dangerous person. I've told Linda that one day that man is going to really hurt her or that boy. Maybe even kill one of them. I see it in his eyes. I'm very in tune, maybe even psychic. Doyle will make your life hell. You're a perfect target. When I first saw you I was afraid of you. Not really afraid, I guess, just taken aback. But also, I felt a real sensitive feeling from you. And for some reason, Frank has adopted you. Much like a stray animal. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. In a good way. Anyway, I just want you to know what you're in for. I have a good feeling about you. You're good for Frank. Maybe it's that he can have an adult friend on a child's level. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it in a bad way. There's one more thing. It's none of my business why you were in the state hospital. Everyone has something in their past, maybe you tried suicide, maybe you did something -- terrible. But what I see before me is a gentle, simple man. All I want you to promise me is that you're capable of being around Linda and Frank. You know. You would never hurt them under any circumstances, would you?
KARL: I wouldn't never hurt them.
VAUGHAN: That's what I thought. I hope I haven't offended you in any way. You seem like a thinker. You seem to always be in deep thought. Tell me something. What are you thinking right now?
KARL: I was thinkin' I could use me another helpin' of these potaters.
VAUGHAN: Oh. How about before that?
KARL: Before that I was thinkin' it'd be good if I could get another three or four cans of that potted meat if you got any extry.
LINDA: How come Karl won't eat here with us?
FRANK: I don't know. He just said he'd eat out there.
DOYLE: Well, I wouldn't let it get to you.
LINDA: I just feel sorry for the poor thing.
DOYLE: Who could eat with him settin' there makin' that goddamn racket with his throat.
LINDA: He does make some funny noises.
FRANK: I sure like the way he talks. It sounds like a race car motor idlin'. It makes me not be nervous.
LINDA: I'm glad of it, honey.
DOYLE: What have you got to be nervous about? You're a damn kid. You ain't got any bills to pay or bidness to run or old lady to stay on your ass all the time.
FRANK: I get nervous, that's all I know.
DOYLE: You know what, by God?
LINDA: What?
DOYLE: You know what we ought to do tonight?
LINDA: Please Doyle, don't.
DOYLE: Have a damn party! Call Morris and them and get the band together and just party our asses off. I'd like to show that fuckin' Karl to the guys. They'd get a kick out of that. Don't you know they would.
LINDA: Please don't. Not tonight. I'm not up for it. They always stay till mornin'. I'm just give out, Doyle.
DOYLE: You don't have to do anything but pour some potato chips in a bowl and bring beers out when we get low.
FRANK: Last time you got mad and run Morris and them off and said to stay away from here.
DOYLE: That ain't none of your damn bidness. Besides that's the way friends do one another. Fuck it, I'm gonna go call 'em. Honey, find my guitar, I think it's out there in the garage with that loony tune.
LINDA: Karl, now listen, there's gonna be a party tonight here at the house. Doyle's invited his music-playin' buddies over to make a bunch of racket out on the patio.
FRANK: They ain't even no good. The only one can play is Randy Horsefeathers. He claims he's an Indian. His real name's Randy Collins and he works at the feed mill. He can at least play guitar.
LINDA: He's no more an Indian than I am though. Anyhow, Doyle's gonna try and tease you and be mean to you to show off to his friends. Just like he does to Frank and me sometimes. You just ignore it. Or stay out here away from 'em if he'll let you. He's an okay guy till he gets drunk but tonight he'll get drunk. I guarantee it.
FRANK: He ain't ever okay to me.
DOYLE: Well, it's on! We're gonna rock. Linda, call Vaughan. Tell him to get over here. I'd like him to be here. I owe him a good time.
LINDA: No Doyle. Vaughan don't want to come to a party with you.
DOYLE: Too late, Honey. Fooled you. Done called him. He'll be here. Or I'll go get him. Come on Karl, I need you to help me ice down a tub of beer, you and Frank.
DOYLE: Okay ladies and gentlemen or both. It's come to the time in our show when we like to introduce the band. Over here on lead guitar Mr. Randy Horsefeathers. Come on hit a hot lick, Randy. Well, come on, y'all are supposed to clap now. Come on!
LINDA: Karl, you better clap your hands or he'll just keep on.
DOYLE: On the bass, give it up for Terence One Ball" Atkins. On the tambourine and lyrics Morris Hobbs the fuckin' genius of the group. On drums "The Johnson." And last and most importantly
KARL: Childers.
DOYLE: Karl Childers just in from the state facility. Make one of them gruntin' sounds Karl or whatever it is you do. Oh well, Karl's a little retarded, he don't know what the hell I'm talkin' about. And to Vaughan who fucks a mortician in the rear entrance right in front of his clients. Now that takes balls. Our number one tune for the folks, boys. Kick it off Johnson!
DOYLE: You like that Vaughan?
VAUGHAN: Sure. It sounded like a number one tune all right.
DOYLE: You enjoying yourself, Karl?