ROCKY: How am I doin'?
MICKEY: Real good.
ROCKY: See how fast he is -- damn!
MICKEY: Breathe deep -- Keep ya chin down!! Use the legs and drive through 'im. Attack -- Attack -- Attack!
APOLLO: ...That boy damn near broke my arm.
TRAINER: Sure -- He can hit -- Don't play no more -- Stick an' move, hear?
APOLLO: I'll carry him 'till the third.
TRAINER: Don't play with this man, he's fightin' hard -- Let 'em feel some real heat!
APOLLO: Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight.
TRAINER: People nothin', you in a fight, my man, -- ya best believe what you hear... Knock that boy out soon an' let's go home.
MICKEY: Ya nose is broke.
ROCKY: Damn! How's it look?
MICKEY: Can't hardly tell. Don't swallow the blood -- Go for his ribs. Don't let 'im breathe.
ROCKY: ...The guy's great.
MICKEY: Why don't ya tell 'im you're a fan!
COMMENTATOR #2: If you had asked anyone who knows boxing, they never would've predicted a first round knockdown and the second round punishment to the body of the Champion... Most fighters will tell you, receiving a good body punch is the next worst thing to dying.
COMMENTATOR #1: Round three ready to start and should be interesting to see if Creed can put the challenger away -- there goes the bell.
COMMENTATOR #1: Apollo almost sprints out of his corner -- feints and throws a pair of left-right combinations. Balboa drops beneath a left upper cut and lands a very solid shot on Creed's temple -- not much movement from Balboa, duck a left, a right, another left and explodes with a right hook to the temple -- I mean explodes. The Champ backs off.
COMMENTATOR #2: There's no way Apollo expected this kind of hitting power.
COMMENTATOR #1: No way -- but the brilliant ability of the Champion to master situations like this is one of his most outstanding traits -- Creed tosses a perfect right hand that rocks Rocky. Creed on the offensive -- Balboa takes the punishment and counters with a left flush over the heart... that hurt.