JACKSON: Captain, my feet are most uncomfortable. If I'd 'a known we was gonna have to walk all the way to Ramelle, I never would 'a volunteered for this here mission.
MILLER: You didn't volunteer, Jackson.
JACKSON: I most likely would have, sir, had I been given the opportunity.
REIBEN: If we find Ryan and he's still alive, that son-of-a-bitch is gonna carry this goddamned B.A.R. back to the beach for me.
JACKSON: Army life is too dang easy, my feet have gone soft. Back home, we go out squirrel huntin', I walk forever and a day and then some, don't even raise a blister.
REIBEN: You know what a B.A.R. weighs? Nineteen and a half pounds, not counting ammo. And you think these things are comfortable? They may look good but they weigh twelve pounds each, that's thirty-six pounds, right there.
WADE: So what? I've got three satchel charges, six gammon grenades, a dozen- and-a-half pineapples, and all my regular gear. You don't hear me complaining.
REIBEN: That's because, as I have pointed out on numerous occasions, you are a happy idiot.
WADE: No, I just happen to take the Captain's advice and look at the bright side of things.
UPHAM: How do you do it?
WADE: It's easy, it runs in my family, take my grandfather, for example...
REIBEN: Oh, Christ, now we gotta listen to that grandfather thing again.
WADE: As I was saying, before I was so rudely interrupted, my grandfather got old, as grandfathers tend to do. He needed someone to take care of him. We move around all the time, going from one mine to another, so we had to put him in a home. Nice enough place but kind of depressing. But not for Granddad. He just convinced himself he was on a cruise ship, going to Tahiti, he had his own cabin, first class, with room service. It just so happened that the weather was always lousy, so he never bothered to go up on deck. Happiest guy you ever saw until the day he died.
UPHAM: You think he really believed it?
WADE: Who knows? It worked.
REIBEN: Fine, you convince yourself you got a pack full of feathers and goddamned Private James Ryan can carry my fucking gear.
WADE: Reiben, you can be very unpleasant to be around sometimes.
REIBEN: You want unpleasant? Just wait, I can do much better than this.
WADE: Look at Upham, you don't hear him complaining.