STEVE: I can give you freedom of movement, freedom to work, freedom, Helmuth. But I need something in return.
RODE: Major, we're discussing a man of genius, I don't want...
STEVE: Fuck that, Helmuth. You want to discuss symbols here? This guy was a front man. He was the piper, but he played their tune, you get my philosophical meaning? I'm not interested in small fish, I'm after Moby Dick. Come on, Helmuth. Hard facts.
RODE: The only thing I know is he's an anti-Semite.
STEVE: Of course. You, too. Like everyone else in this goddamn country.
RODE: I've remembered something else...
STEVE: Yeah?
RODE: Furtw채ngler sent Hitler a telegram for his birthday.
STEVE: He did?
RODE: One of your people told me.
STEVE: One of my people?
RODE: Yes. A corporal. US Army. A Jew. He said he'd seen the telegram in the Chancellery.
STEVE: Son-of-a-gun. We'll find the corporal and we'll find the telegram.
STEVE: But I need documentary proof. You know of anything like that?
RODE: No. But that's why we hated him. We admired him as a conductor but we all hated him too because he didn't have to join the Party and yet he had a better life than any of us. He didn't have to go and deliver a report after every trip abroad. He got everything from them, everything. He was filthier than any of us Party members.
RODE: There's a rumour... I don't know if it's true or not... but ask him about von der Null.
STEVE: Never heard of him, who is he?
RODE: Edwin von der Null. Music critic. He gave Furtw채ngler terrible reviews while he raved about Herbert von Karajan.
STEVE: Who's he?
RODE: Also a conductor. Very brilliant. Young. Von der Null called him 'The Miracle von Karajan'. Furtw채ngler was outraged and they say he had von der Null conscripted into the army. The same thing happened to another critic. True or not, it's not such a bad idea. Critics give you bad reviews, you have them sent to the Russian front. But if you really want to get Furtw채ngler, ask him about Herbert von Karajan.
STEVE: The Miracle Kid.
RODE: Yes, yes you may notice that he cannot even bring himself to utter his name, he... he refers to him as K.
RODE: And ask him about his private life.
STEVE: His private life?