RASHID: I'm sorry. I'm really sorry... I was trying to reach for one of the books up there ... And then, I don't know, the sky fell on top of me.
PAUL: It just won't do, will it? I go two and a half years without being able to write a word, and then, when I finally get started on something, when it looks as though I might actually be coming to life again, you show up and start breaking everything in my house. It just won't do, will it?
RASHID: I didn't ask to come here. You invited me, remember? If you want me to leave, all you have to do is say so.
PAUL: How long have you been here?
RASHID: Three nights.
PAUL: And how long did I tell you you could stay?
RASHID: Two or three nights.
PAUL: It sounds like our time is up, doesn't it?
RASHID: I'm sorry I messed up. You've been very kind to me ... But all good things have to come to an end, right?
PAUL: No hard feelings, okay? It's a small place, and I can't get my work done with you around.
RASHID: You don't have to apologize. The coast is probably clear now anyway.
PAUL: Are you going to be all right?
RASHID: Absolutely. The world is my oyster. Whatever that means.
PAUL: Do you need some money? Some extra clothes?
RASHID: Not a penny, not a stitch. I'm cool, man.
PAUL: Take good care of yourself, okay?
RASHID: You too. And make sure the light is green before you cross the street. Oh, by the way, I liked your book. I think you're a hell of a good writer.
AUNT EM: Is your name Paul Benjamin?
PAUL: What can I do for you?
AUNT EM: I just want to know what your game is, mister, that's all.
PAUL: How the hell did you get into the building?
AUNT EM: What do you mean, how'd I get in? I pushed the door and walked in. What do you think?
PAUL: The damn lock's broken again. And so you just barge in on strangers, is that what you do? Is that your game?
AUNT EM: I'm looking for my nephew, Thomas.
PAUL: Thomas? Who's Thomas?
AUNT EM: Don't give me any of that. I know he's been here. You can't fool me, mister.
PAUL: I'm telling you. I don't know anyone named Thomas.
AUNT EM: Thomas Cole. Thomas Jefferson Cole. My nephew.
PAUL: You mean Rashid?
AUNT EM: Rashid? Rashid! Is that what he told you his name was?
PAUL: Well, whatever his name is, he's not here anymore. He left two days ago, and I haven't heard from him since.
AUNT EM: And what was he doing here in the first place? That's what I want to know. What's a man like you messing around with a black boy like Thomas for? Are you some kind of pervert, or what?
PAUL: Look, lady, that's enough. If you don't calm down. I'm going to throw you out. Do you hear me? Right now!
AUNT EM: I just want to know where he is.
PAUL: As far as I know, he went back to his parents.
AUNT EM: His parents? Is that what he told you? His parents?
PAUL: That's what he said. He told me he lived with his mother and father on East Seventy-fourth Street.
AUNT EM: I always knew that boy had an imagination, but now he's gone and made up a whole new life for himself. Do you mind if I sit down? He's been living with me and his uncle Henry since he was a baby. And we don't live in Manhattan. We live in Boerum Hill. In the projects.
PAUL: He doesn't go to the Trinity School?
AUNT EM: He goes to John Jay High School in Brooklyn.
PAUL: And his parents?
AUNT EM: His mother's dead, and he hasn't seen his father in twelve years.
PAUL: I shouldn't have let him go.
AUNT EM: Which brings me back to my original question. What was he doing here in the first place?
PAUL: I was about to get run over by a car, and your nephew pulled me back. He saved my life. I sensed he was in trouble, so I offered to put him up for a few days. Maybe I should have pressed him a little more, I don't know. I feel pretty stupid about it now.
AUNT EM: He's in trouble, all right. But I don't have any idea what it is.
PAUL: Do you want something to drink? A beer? A glass of water?
AUNT EM: No thank you.
PAUL: Has anything happened lately? Anything unusual or unexpected?
AUNT EM: Well, one thing I suppose, but I don't think it has anything to do with this. A friend of mine called about two weeks ago and said she'd spotted Thomas's father working at some gas station outside of Peekskill.
PAUL: And you told your nephew about it?
AUNT EM: I figured he had a right to know.
PAUL: And?
AUNT EM: And nothing. Thomas looked at me straight in the eye and said, I don't have a father. As far as I'm concerned
PAUL: Those are pretty hostile words.
AUNT EM: His father walked out on his mother a couple of months after he was born. Louisa was Henry's younger sister, and she and the baby moved in with us. Four or five years go by, and then one day Cyrus shows up out of the blue, tail between his legs, wanting to patch things up with Louisa. I thought Henry was going to tear Cyrus apart when he saw him walk through the door. They're both big men, those two, and if they ever started to tangle, you'd see some teeth jumping on the floor. I guarantee it ... So Cyrus persuaded Louisa to go out with him to talk things over in quiet. And the poor girl never came back.
PAUL: You mean she just ran off with him and left her little boy behind?
AUNT EM: Don't put words in my mouth. What I'm saying is she drove off in Cyrus's car and went to the Five-Spot Lounge with him for a drink. What I'm saying is that he imbibed too much in the way of alcohol and that when they finished their little talk three hours later and got back in the car, he was in no shape to drive. But he drove the car anyway, and before he could get her back to where she lived, the damn fool ran a red light and went straight into a truck. Louisa got thrown through the windshield and was killed. Cyrus lived, but he came out of it a cripple. His left arm was so mangled, the doctors had to cut it off. Small punishment for what he did, if you ask me.
PAUL: Jesus.
AUNT EM: Jesus had nothing to do with it. If He'd been involved. He would have seen to it that things worked out the opposite from what they did.
PAUL: It can't have been easy on him. Walking around with that on his conscience all these years.
AUNT EM: No, I don't suppose it has. He was broken up like nobody's business in that hospital when he found out Louisa was dead.
PAUL: And he's never tried to get in touch with his son?
AUNT EM: Henry told Cyrus he'd kill him if he ever showed his face around our house again. When Henry makes a threat like that, people tend to take him seriously.
CYRUS: You going to sit here all day?
RASHID: I don't know. I haven't decided yet.
CYRUS: Why don't you pick some other spot? It gives a man the creeps to be stared at all morning.
RASHID: It's a free country, isn't it? As long as I'm not trespassing on your property. I can stay here till kingdom come.
CYRUS: Let me give you some useful information, son. There's two dollars and fifty-seven cents in that cash register over there and considering all the time you've put in casing the joint so far, you won't make but about fifty cents an hour for all your pains. However you slice it, that's a losing proposition.
RASHID: I'm not going to rob you, mister. Do I look like a thief?
CYRUS: I don't know what you look like, boy. As far as I can tell, you sprouted up like a mushroom in this spot last night. You live in this town -- or on your way from here to there?
RASHID: Just passing through.
CYRUS: Just passing through. A lonesome traveler with a knapsack on his back plops himself across from my garage to admire the view. There's other places to roam, kid, that's all I'm saying. You don't want to make a nuisance of yourself.
RASHID: I'm working on a sketch. That old garage of yours is so rundown, it's kind of interesting.
CYRUS: It's rundown, all right. But drawing a picture won't improve the way it looks. Let's see what you did, Rembrandt.
RASHID: It'll cost you five bucks.
CYRUS: Five bucks! You mean you're going to charge me five bucks just to look at it?
RASHID: Once you look at it, you're going to want to buy it from me. That's guaranteed. And that's the price: five bucks. So if you're not willing to spring for it, you might as well not bother to look. It'll just tear you up inside and make you miserable.
CYRUS: Son-of-a-bitch. You're some piece of work, aren't you?
RASHID: I just tell it like it is, mister. If I'm getting on your nerves, though, you might want to think about hiring me.
CYRUS: Do you have eyes in your head, or are those brown things bulging out of your sockets just marbles? You've been sitting here all day, and how many cars have you seen drive up and ask for gas?
RASHID: Not a one.
CYRUS: Not a one. Not one customer all day. I bought this broken-down shit-hole of a place three weeks ago, and if business don't pick up soon, I'm going straight down the skids. What do I want to be hiring someone for? I can't even pay my own wages.
RASHID: It was just a thought.
CYRUS: Yeah, well, do your thinking somewhere else, Michelangelo. I got work to do.
CYRUS: I'll tell you what. You want to work. I'll give you a job. Nothing permanent, mind you, but that upstairs room over there -- the one above the office -- is a hell of a mess. It looks like they've been throwing junk in there for twenty years, and it's time it got cleaned up.
RASHID: What's your offer?
CYRUS: Five bucks an hour. That's the going rate, isn't it? It's a quarter past two now. My wife's picking me up at five-thirty, so that'll give you about three hours. If you can't finish today, you can do the rest tomorrow.
RASHID: Is there a benefits package, or are you hiring me on a freelance basis?
CYRUS: Benefits?
RASHID: You know, health insurance, dental plan, paid vacation. It's not fun being exploited. Workers have to stand up for their rights.
CYRUS: I'm afraid we'll be working on a strictly freelance basis.
RASHID: Five dollars an hour? I'll take it.
CYRUS: The name is Cyrus Cole.
RASHID: Paul. Paul Benjamin.