BILL: Now, Karl, you sure you want to go stay with these folks? You're welcome to keep on stayin here. It's workin' out real good.
KARL: That boy wants me to.
BILL: All right then. I'll see you bright and early. How you comin' along on that garden tiller?
KARL: I fixed it. Hit's a workin' pretty good.
BILL: You done fixed it? I'll be damned. Scooter told me it couldn't be fixed. 'Course Scooter's about as shitless as one poor son-of-a-bitch can be. You done fixed it. I'll just be damned. See you tomorrow.
DOYLE: Well, honey, I don't guess I give a shit. I ain't here half the time anyway. If you want a retard livin' in the garage, I don't guess I care. I've got a good tool box and socket set out there I don't want stol'd. I guess I could take it home with me.
FRANK: He's real honest. He wouldn't steal nothin'.
DOYLE: Now son, I wadn't talkin' to you, was I? Was I?
FRANK: No sir.
DOYLE: No sir's right. I'm talkin' to your mama. This is your mama's decision, not yours. I'm lettin' it go on because she asked me, not you. Now is this the kind of retard that drools and rubs shit in his hair and all that, 'cause I have trouble eatin' around that kind of thing. Just like I am about antique furniture and midgets. I can't so much as drink a glass of water around a midget or a piece of antique furniture. Same thing with a droolin' retard.
LINDA: Doyle, you're awful. You shouldn't be that way.
DOYLE: I ain't sayin' it's right. I'm just tellin' the truth. What was he in the nuthouse for?
LINDA: He's just mentally retarded, I guess.
DOYLE: He had of went nuts and did somethin'. They don't put you in there for just bein' a retard. They's retards all over the place that ain't in the nuthouse. Do you know, Frank?
FRANK: I ain't sure.
DOYLE: You might want to find out. He might of hacked his family to pieces with a hatchet or somethin'.
LINDA: Yeah, that's right, Frank, you better ask him. I mean, don't hurt his feelin's or anything, but it would be good to know. I'm sure it's nothin'. He seems real sweet.
DOYLE: You sure are hung up on people bein' sweet. Speakin' of which, where's your girlfriend? I thought he was comin' by here for something.
LINDA: He'll be here in a little while, he's takin' me to get an ice cream.
DOYLE: Ain't that the sweetest thing. What am I supposed to do about supper with you traipsin' around with that fag?
LINDA: You're not crippled. Get in there and make somethin'.
DOYLE: Boy, ain't you somethin' else. Talkin' back and everything. It kinda makes me horny when you talk back.
LINDA: Frank, why don't you go off and play in your room if Doyle's gonna talk nasty.
FRANK: I want to watch T.V.
DOYLE: Yeah, honey, let the kid watch T.V. Hell, let's all watch T.V. like a family till your retarded friend and your homosexual friend gets here.