MILO: Do we post it on the Net?
LISA: There're so many disinformation sites about Gary already. Where he has devil's horns or they crop him in with Saddam Hussein.
SHROT: Could it be a glitch? Something the construction workers caused?
LEN: Unlikely. All 14 cameras are frozen. Do we call Randy and Phil? Tell 'em there may have been a break-in?
SHROT: Not yet. 'Love to bust my ass cause I'm not in frigging Mensa. I swear to God, it's that kid Milo, I told 'em so in the first place, but they didn't even wanna hear about it. Let's run a printout on card entries.
LISA: The mainstream media. TV, or a newsmagazine.
MILO: Right. But Gary's tied-in to a lot of media conglomerates. Have to be careful who we pick.
LISA: We could cross-reference a data base on media ownership. But not on our own computers. Not even at home.
MILO: Certainly not at my happy home.
MILO: Gary, hi.
GARY: You look a little tired.
MILO: I'm okay. It's going well!
GARY: 'Have a look?
MILO: Sure.
GARY: Why did you move around so much? When you were a kid.
MILO: ...My dad was a compulsive gambler. Only he didn't think he was. That applied to guys who didn't have a system." "Losers
GARY: What would you tell the kids? At your new school? You had to come up with a good story, right?
MILO: No. I just went deeper into the machine. Preferred being the geek to having to explain. Lying would've been worse.
GARY: ...Worse?
MILO: Cause he was a liar. And I hated him. Get your head out of that machine
GARY: Don't be so hard on yourself. With a brain like yours, you could connive with the best of 'em I bet.
MILO: He's buying up pretty much everything: cable companies, baby bells, picture libraries, museum rights, film archives... Getting ready for Skywire.
LISA: What about 60 Minutes.""
MILO: Yeah, they dig stuff like this. CBS News has partnered with Outpost Information Systems in a cable news network due to launch Fall of 2001.""
LISA: But still, you can't say CBS wouldn't love to break something like --
MILO: Say there's just one mole" working there
LISA: Time?
MILO: Time-Warner has a 40 per cent stake in Gary's set-top device. That also takes out CNN. GE joins Outpost in new venture