GENETICIST: First, we may as well decide on gender. Have you given it any thought?
MARIA: We would like Vincent to have a brother... you know, to play with.
GENETICIST: You've already specified blue eyes, dark hair and fair skin. I have taken the liberty of eradicating any potentially prejudicial conditions - premature baldness, myopia, alcoholism and addictive susceptibility, propensity for violence and obesity--
MARIA: --We didn't want--<i>diseases</i>, yes.
ANTONIO: We were wondering if we should leave some things to chance.
GENETICIST: You want to give your child the best possible start. Believe me, we have enough imperfection built-in already. Your child doesn't need any additional burdens. And keep in mind, this child is still you, simply the <i>best</i> of you. You could conceive naturally a thousand times and never get such a result.
ANTONIO: He's right, Maria. That's right.
GENETICIST: Is there any reason you'd want a left-handed child?
ANTONIO: Er, no...
GENETICIST: Some believe it is associated with creativity, although there's no evidence. Also for sports like baseball it can be an advantage.
ANTONIO: I like football.
GENETICIST: I have to warn you, Mr Luca, he's going to be at least a head taller than you. Prepare for a crick in the neck in sixteen years time.
GENETICIST: Anything I've forgotten?
MARIA: We want him--we were hoping he would get married and have children. We'd like grandchildren.
GENETICIST: I understand. That's already been taken care of. Now you appreciate I can only work with the raw material I have at my disposal but for a little extra...I could also attempt to insert sequences associated with enhanced mathematical or musical ability.
MARIA: Antonio, the choir...
GENETICIST: I have to caution you it's not fool-proof. With multi-gene traits there can be no guarantees.
ANTONIO: How much extra?
GENETICIST: It would be five thousand more.
ANTONIO: I'm sorry, there's no way we can.
GENETICIST: Don't worry. You'll probably do just as well singing to him in the womb. We can implant the most successful pre-embryo tomorrow afternoon.
MARIA: What will happen to the others?
GENETICIST: They are not babies, Maria, merely human possibilities"."