VENKMAN: So -- are you making any New Year's resolutions?
DANA: I want to stop getting involved with men who aren't good for me.
VENKMAN: Does that start exactly at midnight tomorrow, or could you hold off for a few days maybe?
DANA: For one night in your life, do you think it's possible for us to be completely real?
VENKMAN: All right, you want to be real? So tell me why did you dump me?
DANA: Oh, Peter, I didn't dump you. I just had to protect myself. You really weren't very good for me, you know.
VENKMAN: I'm not even good for me.
DANA: Why do you say things like that? You're so much better than you know.
VENKMAN: Thank you. If I had that kind of support on a daily basis, I could definitely shape up by the turn of the century.
DANA: So why don't you give me a jingle in the year 2000?
VENKMAN: Let me jingle you right now.
DANA: Maybe I should call Janine.
VENKMAN: Don't worry. Janine has a very special way with children.
JANINE: I can't believe a person could actually live like this.
LOUIS: So these dwarfs had a limited partnership in a small mining operation and then one day a beautiful princess came to live with them.
JANINE: It's really not a bad place. It just needs a woman's touch.
LOUIS: So they bartered room and board in exchange for housekeeping services, which was a good deal for all of them because then they didn't have to withhold tax and social security, which I'm not saying is right but it's just a story, so I guess it's all right. I can finish this later if you're tired.
JANINE: You're really good with children, Louis. I can tell. Why don't you come here and sit with me?
LOUIS: Okay.
JANINE: Motherhood is a very natural instinct for me. I'd like to have a baby myself. Wouldn't you?
LOUIS: Tonight?
WINSTON: Nice going, Ray! What were you trying to do -- drown me?
STANTZ: Look, Zeddemore, it wasn't my fault you were too stupid to drop that line.
WINSTON: You better watch your mouth, man, or I'll punch your lights out.
STANTZ: Oh yeah? Anytime, anytime. Just go ahead and try it.
SPENGLER: If you two are looking for a fight, you got one. Who wants it first? Come on, Ray. Try me, sucker.
STANTZ: Butt out, you pencil-necked geek. I've had it with you.