LOWELL: Oh, you know what we do or do not need to know? Since when have you become a media expert?
WIGAND: What do you want to do, Lowell, look up my ass, too...!
LOWELL: Oh, my God.
WIGAND'S VOICE: You're not even on this anymore... What do you care?
LOWELL: Jeff! Wake the fuck up! Everybody is on the line here. If they can catch you in a lie, they can paint everything with that brush. Do you understand? Everything you say!
WIGAND: I told the truth!
LOWELL: Everything... you... say! And I can't defend you, man, with one hand tied behind my back! Because you keep from me... what they can discover. And they will discover everything! Believe me.
WIGAND: ...I was young. I was young... confused... We didn't handle it the right way...
LOWELL: She sued you for back payments of child support?
WIGAND: She did not sue me. We had a dispute over money... I settled it, she dropped the complaint... Any other questions?
LOWELL: Yes. Did you lie about being on the American Judo Team in the Olympics?
WIGAND: What?
LOWELL: Some public relations guy got a hold of a tape of an interview... where you're saying you were on the American Judo Team in the Olympics...?
WIGAND: What kind of shit is this? I was not on the team, I sparred with the Olympic Team... okay?
LOWELL: Alright... the ABC Telemarketing Company?
WIGAND: ABC...?
LOWELL: ABC Telemarketing Company.
WIGAND: A can opener! A $39.95 can opener. I canceled payment... It was junk. You ever bounce a check, Lowell? You ever look at another woman's tits? You ever cheat a little on your taxes? Whose life, if you look at it under a microscope, doesn't have any flaws...?
LOWELL: That's the whole point, Jeffrey. That's the whole point. Anyone's. Everyone's. They are gonna look under every rock, dig up every flaw, every mistake you've ever made. They are going to distort and exaggerate everything you've ever done, man. Don't you understand?
WIGAND: What does this have to do with my testimony?
LOWELL: That's not the point.
WIGAND: What does this have to do with my testimony?! I told the truth! It's valid and true and provable!
LOWELL: That's not the fucking point, whether you told the truth or not! Hello...?
WIGAND: I told the truth... I told the truth.
WIGAND: I've got to teach class. I've got to go. I've got to teach class.
LOWELL: And I've got to refute every fucking accusation made in this report before The Wall Street Journal runs. I am trying to protect you, man!