RANDAL: What am I worried about? He'll probably be glad I started the ball rolling. All he ever did was complain about her anyway. I'm just looking out for his best interests. I mean, that's what a friend does, am I right? I did him a favor.
CUSTOMER: Oooh! Navy Seals!
DANTE: What the fuck did you do that for?
VERONICA: If you didn't want to go out with me anymore, why didn't you just say it? Instead, you pussyfoot around and see that slut behind my back!
DANTE: What're you talking about?
VERONICA: You've been talking to her on the phone for weeks!
DANTE: It was only a few times...
VERONICA: And then you pull that shit this morning, freaking out because I've gone down on a couple guys!
DANTE: A couple...?
VERONICA: I'm not the one trying to patch things up with my ex, sneaking around behind your back! And if you think that thirty-seven dicks are a lot, then just wait, mister: I'm going to put the hookers in Times Square to shame with all the guys I go down on now!
DANTE: Would you let me explain...
VERONICA: Explain what? How you were waiting until the time was right, and then you were going to dump me for her?
DANTE: Veronica... I... it's not like that anymore... I mean, it was never really like that...
VERONICA: You're damn right it's not like that! Because I won't let it be like that! You want your slut? Fine! The slut is yours!
DANTE: I don't want Caitlin...
VERONICA: You don't know what you want, but I'm not going to sit here anymore holding your hand until you figure it out! I've encouraged you to get out of this fucking dump and go back to school, to take charge of your life and find direction. I even transferred so maybe you would be more inclined to go back to college if I was with you. Everyone said it was a stupid move, but I didn't care because I loved you and wanted to see you pull yourself out of this senseless funk you've been in since that whore dumped you, oh so many years ago. And now you want to go back to her so she can fuck you over some more?
DANTE: I don't want to go back with her...
VERONICA: Of course not; not now! You're caught, and now you're trying to snake out of doing what you wanted to do. Well, I won't let you. I want you to follow through on this, just so you can find out what a fucking idiot you are. And when she dumps you again- and she will, Dante, I promise you that-when she dumps you again, I want to laugh at you, right in your face, just so you realize that that was what you gave up our relationship for! I'm just glad Randal had the balls to tell me, since you couldn't.
DANTE: Randal...?
VERONICA: And having him tell me... that was just the weakest move ever. You're spineless.
DANTE: Veronica, I love you...
VERONICA: Fuck you.