OTIS: Spanish in Florida called him Juan Caballo. John Horse.
CHET: He a Black man or an Indian?
OTIS: Both.
OTIS: He was part of the Seminole Nation, got pushed down into the Everglades in pioneer days. African people who run off from the slaveholders hooked up with them, married up, had children. When the Spanish give up Florida, the U.S.Army come down to move all them Indian peoples off to Oklahoma--
CHET: The Trail of Tears.
OTIS: They teaching that now? Good. Only a couple of 'em held out--this man, John Horse, and his friend Wild Cat, and a fella name of Osceola. Army put all of them in prison and Osceola died, but them other two escaped and put together a fighting band and held out another ten, fifteen years. Beat Zach Taylor and a thousand troops at Lake Okeechobee.
CHET: So they stayed in Florida?
OTIS: They got tired of fighting, went to the Indian Territories for a while. But the slave-raiders were on 'em even there, and one night they packed up and nearly the whole band rode down to Mexico. Crossed at Eagle Pass.
OTIS: Men worked for Santa Anna down there, waited out the Civil War. The land wasn't much to feed people on, so in 1870 they come north and put up at Fort Duncan and the men joined up what was called the Seminole Negro Indian Scouts. Best trackers either side of the border. Bandits, rustlers, Texas rednecks, Kiowa, Comanche--
CHET: They fought against the Indians?
OTIS: Same as they done in Mexico.
CHET: But they were Indians themselves.
OTIS: They were in the Army. Like your father.
CHET: You know who I am?
OTIS: I got a pretty good guess.
CHET: That guy who got shot--
OTIS: You didn't go telling your father you were here?
CHET: Are you kidding? And face a court- martial?
OTIS: He's a pretty tough old man, huh?
CHET: No sports if I don't keep a B average, no TV on school nights, no PDA's--
OTIS: PDA?
CHET: Public Display of Affection. Every time he moves up a rank, it's like he's got to tighten the screws a little more--
OTIS: Well--
CHET: I mean, just 'cause he didn't--you know--
OTIS: Didn't have a father?
CHET: He's still pissed off about it.
OTIS: When you're his age you'll still be pissed off about him.
CHET: So how come you got into all this?
OTIS: These are our people. There were Paynes in Florida, Oklahoma, Piedras Negras--couple of 'em won the whatsit-- Congressional Medal Of Honor--
CHET: So I'm part-Indian?
OTIS: By blood you are. But blood only means what you let it.
CHET: My father says the day you're born you start from scratch, no breaks and no excuses, and you got to pull yourself up on your own.
OTIS: Well, he's living proof of that, son. Living proof.
DEL: Private Johnson, are you unhappy in the Army?
ATHENA: No, sir--
DEL: Then how would you explain the fact that out of one hundred twenty people we tested, you're the only one who came up positive for drugs?
ATHENA: I'm sorry, sir.
DEL: When you were given the opportunity to enlist, a kind of contract was agreed upon. I think the Army has honored its part of that agreement.
ATHENA: Yes, sir--
DEL: Do you believe in what we're doing here, Private Johnson?
ATHENA: I-I can do the job, sir.
DEL: You don't sound too enthusiastic.
ATHENA: I am, sir.
DEL: What exactly do you think your job is, Private?
ATHENA: Follow orders. Do whatever they say.
DEL: Who's they"?"
ATHENA: The--the officers.
DEL: And that's the job? Nothing about serving your country?