MARGO: Why so remote, Addison? I should think you'd be at the side of your protegee, lending her moral support...
ADDISON: Miss Caswell, at the moment, is where I can lend no support - moral or otherwise.
MARGO: The ladies' - shall we say - lounge?
ADDISON: Being violently ill to her tummy.
MARGO: It's good luck before an audition. She'll be all right once it starts.
ADDISON: Miss Caswell got lucky too late. The audition is over.
MARGO: Over? It can't be. I've come to read with her. I promised Max.
ADDISON: The audition was called for 2:30. It is now nearly four.
MARGO: Is it really? I must start wearing a watch, I never do, you know... who read with Miss Caswell? Bill? Lloyd? Well, it couldn't have been Max! Who?
ADDISON: Naturally enough, your understudy.
MARGO: I consider it highly unnatural to allow a girl in an advanced state of pregnancy-
ADDISON: I refer to your new and unpregnant understudy. Eve Harrington.
MARGO: Eve! My understudy...
ADDISON: Didn't you know?
MARGO: Of course I knew.
ADDISON: It just slipped your mind.
MARGO: How... how was Miss Caswell?
ADDISON: Frankly, I don't remember.
MARGO: Just slipped your mind.
ADDISON: Completely. Nor, I am sure, could anyone else present tell you how Miss Caswell read or whether Miss Caswell read or rode a pogo stick.
MARGO: Was she that bad?
ADDISON: Margo, as you know, i have lived in the Theater as a Trappist monk lives in his faith. I have no other world, no other life - and once in a great while I experience that moment of Revelation for which all true believers wait and pray. You were one. Jeanne Eagels another... Paula Wessely... Hayes - there are others, three or four. Eve Harrington will be among them...
MARGO: I take it she read well.
ADDISON: It wasn't reading, it was a performance. Brilliant, vivid, something made of music and fire...
MARGO: How nice.
ADDISON: In time she'll be what you are.
MARGO: A mass of music and fire. That's me. An old kazoo and some sparkles. Tell me - was Bill swept away, too, or were you too full of Revelation to notice?
ADDISON: Bill didn't say - but Lloyd was beside himself. He listened to his play as if someone else had written it, he said, it sounded so fresh, so new, so full of meaning...
MARGO: How nice for Lloyd. And how nice for Eve. How nice for everybody.
ADDISON: Eve was incredibly modest. She insisted that no credit was due her, that Lloyd felt as he did only because she read lines exactly as he had written them.
MARGO: The implication being that I have not been reading them as written.
ADDISON: To the best of my recollection, neither your name nor your performance entered the conversation.
ADDISON: Feeling better, my dear?
MISS CASWELL: Like I just swam the English Channel. Now what?
ADDISON: You next move, it seems to me, should be toward television.
MISS CASWELL: Tell me this. Do they have auditions for television?
ADDISON: That's all television is, my dear. Nothing but auditions.
MARGO: Terribly sorry I'm late, lunch was long and I couldn't find a cab - where's Miss Caswell, shall we start? Oh, hello, Eve...
EVE: Hello, Miss Channing.
MARGO: How are you making out in Mr. Fabian's office? I don't want you working the child too hard, Max - just because you promised. As you see, I kept my promise, too...
BILL: It's all over.
MARGO: What's all over?
BILL: The audition.
MARGO: Eve? How enchanting... Wherever did you get the idea of having Eve read with Miss Caswell?
LLOYD: She's your understudy.
MARGO: Eve? Eve, my understudy? But I had no idea...
LLOYD: I thought you knew... She was put on over a week ago-
MARGO: It seems almost inconceivable that I haven't seen her backstage, but with so many people loitering around... well, well. So Eve is not working for Max after all- - Max you sly puss.
EVE: Miss Channing, I can't tell you how glad I am that you arrived so late.
MARGO: Really, Eve? Why?
EVE: Well, if you'd been here to begin with, I wouldn't have dared to read at all...
MARGO: Why not?
EVE: ... and if you'd come in the middle, I'd have stopped, I couldn't have gone on-
MARGO: What a pity, all that fire and music being turned off...
BILL: What fire and music?
MARGO: You wouldn't understand. How was Miss Caswell?
LLOYD: Back to Copacabana. But Eve. Margo, let me tell you about Eve-
EVE: I was dreadful, Miss Channing, believe me - I have no right to be anyone's understudy, much less yours...
MARGO: I'm sure you underestimate yourself, Eve. You always do. You were about to tell me about Eve...
LLOYD: You'd have been proud of her.
MARGO: I'm sure.
LLOYD: She was a revelation...
MARGO: To you, too?
LLOYD: What do you mean?
MARGO: I mean, among other things, that it must have been a revelation to have your twenty-four-year-old character played by twenty-four-year-old actress...
LLOYD: That's beside the point.
MARGO: It's right to the point. Also that it must have sounded so new and fresh to you - so exciting to have the lines read as you wrote them!
BILL: Addison-!
MARGO: So full of meaning, fire and music!
LLOYD: You've been talking to that venomous fishwife, Addison deWitt-
MARGO: - in this case, apparently, as trustworthy as the World Almanac!
LLOYD: You knew when you came in that the audition was over, that Eve was your understudy! Playing that childish game of cat and mouse...
MARGO: Not mouse, never mouse! If anything - rat!
LLOYD: You have a genius for making barroom brawl out of a perfectly innocent misunderstanding at most!
MARGO: Perfectly innocent! Man have been hanged for less! I'm lied to, attacked behind my back, accused of reading your silly dialogue inaccurately - as if it were Holy Gospel!
LLOYD: I never said it was!
MARGO: Then you listened as if someone else had written you play - whom did you have in mind? Sherwood? Arthur Miller? Beaumont and Fletcher?