STERN: Are you in the service?
JACOB: The postal service. I'm a mailman.
STERN: Ah. Neither snow nor sleet, nor dark of night ... I always admired that.
JACOB: It's good to see you.
STERN: Likewise.
STERN: And how is your wife? Sarah, no?
JACOB: I haven't seen her in months.
STERN: Ah!
JACOB: I'm with another woman now. We're both with the post office, Midtown, 34th Street branch.
STERN: Hmm. I don't suppose there are too many philosophers in the post office?
JACOB: Oh, you'd be surprised. They just don't have their doctorates, that's all.
STERN: Last I heard you were offered a posi- tion in the West somewhere. Tuscon was it?
JACOB: Oh, that goes way back. They had a hiring freeze, one of those last min- ute things. Bad timing for me though. Middle of the war. The draft. I'll tell you Prof, after Viet Nam ... I didn't want to think anymore. I decided my brain was just too small an organ to comprehend this chaos.
STERN: Jacob, if it was any other brain but yours, I might agree. Tell me, does your lady friend know what a brilliant thinker, what a sub- lime intellect she's living with?
JACOB: I doubt it's my mind that interests her. I tell you Prof, she's a fiery lady.
STERN: Well, try not to get burned. You have a great mind, Jacob. Don't let anyone tempt you away from it.
JACOB: I've got a problem, Prof. More Augus- tine than Kierkegaard, if you know what I mean. I need to know about ... demons.
STERN: Demons, Jacob? Why demons? Are you writing ... ?
JACOB: No. I see them.
STERN: See them? What do you mean? Physically?
JACOB: Yes.
STERN: I know very little about demons, Ja- cob, fleshy ones anyway. I know them as literary figures, biblical ones ... Dante, Milton ... but Jacob, this is the 20th Century. We don't see demons now.
JACOB: I see them, Prof. Everywhere. They're invading my life.
JACOB: Christ, I know how it sounds.
STERN: Have you considered a doctor? A psy- chiatrist?
JACOB: Yes. I don't want them. I'm not looking for analysis or drugs. It's too easy to dismiss as some kind of psychosis. It's more than that. I can feel it. I need you Prof. You're the only one I can talk to.
STERN: I don't know what to say.
JACOB: I need your insight, your intuition.
STERN: Demons? I don't know what to tell you. It sounds like a spiritual mat- ter to me. The problem, Jacob, is that you have no context for it. You're a renegade Existentialist suf- fering demons a hundred years after Freud. How the hell am I supposed to make it fit?
JACOB: I'm afraid, Prof. Nothing makes sense. Please help me.
STERN: Jacob, I don't believe in demons, not in the empirical sense. I don't be- lieve in devils fighting for our souls. I don't believe in enternal damnation. I don't believe in other- worldly creatures tormenting us. We don't need them. We do a good enough job on ourselves.
JACOB: But I see them.
STERN: Look. I don't pretend to know what's going on inside your head. For all I know it's pathological and they should be pumping Valium into your veins by the quart. But if you're not willing to accept the help of sci- ence; and believe me, I admire you for that: then you'll have to do bat- tle on your own. What can I say? It's a lonely pilgrimage through our times even for the strongest souls. But to be pursued by ... demons no less ... There are no guides, Jacob. You wanna know what I'd do if I sud- denly started seeing demons? I'd hail the first taxi that came along, shoot over to Bellvue and beg them for shock treatment. I'm no saint.
JACOB: Hell, you think I am?
STERN: I'venever understood you, you know that? You were by far the best pupil I've ever had, bar none. Intellectu- ally, you were the most original, the most imaginative. Who knows, maybe you've been elected" to see demons. Maybe you're in touch with ... some- thing. Nothing would surprise me about you Jacob. Nothing."
VOICE: He's burning up.
VOICE: Total delirium.
VOICE: He'll never make it.
VOICE: That's some gash. His guts keep spilling out.
VOICE: Push 'em back.
JACOB: Help me!