WASHINGTON: It's another demonstration against the king. This is the wildest yet.
MARTHA: My God, these people mean to go to war! They really mean it.
WASHINGTON: Surely you knew this was coming.
MARTHA: War? No! I did not! When you said compromise was possible I believed it was probable. There's no middle ground at all? We're the King's children!
WASHINGTON: Our beloved father, the King, also refuses to bend.
MARTHA: But to go to war over trade, over money? Surely there's still time for a compromise.
WASHINGTON: Of course, if it were that simple. These people? They're after something else...
MARTHA: My God, what?
WASHINGTON: The eternal dream of the disenfranchised, my dear: a classless world. Not a very real expectation.
MARTHA: Well, a very real expectation is the British will hang you! They'll burn Mount Vernon and they'll hang you! Our marriage is a business just as surely as...
WASHINGTON: I'm very aware of that.
MARTHA: I can not allow the fortune in slaves my first husband created and what our partnership has elevated, to be destroyed...
WASHINGTON: Don't be ridiculous, of course that won't happen.
MARTHA: Have you been reading what Minister Jefferson has to say? If he had his way, all our slaves would be freed no matter what the outcome. And that would destroy us as surely as a British victory.
WASHINGTON: The day Tom Jefferson frees a slave I'll ride naked through the streets of Williamsburg on a mule. Tom Jefferson is one of those people who talks big and acts small. The only man out there who really does what he says is Sam Adams and everyone thinks he's crazy. Believe me, this 'disturbance' isn't going to last long. You have to understand, congress is a chicken coop full of foxes, Martha, each and every one has his eye on a nice, fat prize.
MARTHA: And, what 'prize' do you see? What could we possible gain?
WASHINGTON: Everything. If we force Britain into concessions it will open up the western lands -- and that would be a boon for our family. We already have more slaves than we need, but we need more land.