KAFKA: Probably not.
INSPECTOR: Anyway, I'd like you to reflect that in me you have -- I won't say a friend, because we're complete fencers, of course -- from distinctly incompatible social classes -- but to some extent, shall we say, an interested third party.
KAFKA: I'll bear that in mind.
INSPECTOR: -- Should you happen upon anything that might be relevant.
KAFKA: You wanted to see me, sir.
CHIEF CLERK: Sit down, Kafka.
CHIEF CLERK: You've been with the firm for nearly nine years. You've done your work diligently, there are no complaints on that score. But there's more to the job than the work -- there are other people to consider -- and frankly, Kafka, we eel your social situation could bear improving.
KAFKA: ... My ... social situation?
CHIEF CLERK: You keep too much to yourself -- you're a lone wolf. It makes me uneasy, and if it makes me uneasy I can't imagine the impression you make on lesser employees.
KAFKA: To do my work well, I have little time for --
CHIEF CLERK: You must make the time. Where do you go off to in the lunch hour?
KAFKA: I usually take lunch by the River.
CHIEF CLERK: It's not healthy, Kafka -- not for you and not for your workmates. At the annual dinner this month you again failed to make an appearance.
KAFKA: I did not realize it was obligatory.
CHIEF CLERK: Have you never wondered -- and I mention this only in passing -- why other clerks have advanced to more responsible positions while you, who have been here longer, have not?
KAFKA: No, sir.
CHIEF CLERK: Attitude, Kafka. It doesn't matter how well you do your work -- you still see it as something to be gotten on with rather than something to take an active interest in.
KAFKA: Well, I --
CHIEF CLERK: Oh, I know you got along with that poor fellow -- what was his name?
KAFKA: -- Eduard --
CHIEF CLERK: -- Yes -- Raban -- but he was too much like you -- even more so perhaps. He wasn't here as long as you, so I didn't know him as well -- but I could see the influence he was having. I simply want you to be aware of this because you'll be happier for it.