BOBBY: What's the matter?...Grace?
GRACE: Nothing.
BOBBY: Don't feel like nothing.
GRACE: Get out of town, Bobby, as quick as you can.
BOBBY: Grace, I've been fucked over too many times, by too many women. You're becoming the queen of hot and cold.
GRACE: You'd never understand.
BOBBY: Try me.
GRACE: It's just such a mess. With Jake I mean...
BOBBY: Nothing I understand better than a mess.
BOBBY: You mean the Shaman?
GRACE: He <u>was</u> a Shaman...in the mine. We had nothin' after he died. Jake took us in, gave us a little money. He used to call me his little halfbreed"... He kept Mom on the side y'know
BOBBY: Yeah.
GRACE: You're sick too...he loved to do things to me. Control me. My Mom...it tore her up cause she couldn't do nothing about it. She become alcoholic...and the funny thing is-- I liked it. I liked being controlled by Jake. The truth was as far out and crazy as he got, I wanted <u>more</u>. I wanted to go all the way. Women say they don't want to be taken like, <u>really taken</u> -- that's bullshit -- they do. The first time he finished with me, he said I was a woman now. I was 14. Then he started crying like a baby...wanted me to hold him. It's a strange feeling to hate someone so much for so many years, but still want to hold him, comfort him... They found my Mom right down there at the bottom of Apache Leap. She had cactus needles stuck all over her body and Virgil...Sheriff Potter said she was drunk and went insane. But I'll never believe she ran off that cliff by accident. She was born on this earth and she loved it. She was like me. She just wanted to fly away.
GRACE: After he got his divorce, he forced me to marry him...but when I saw her body, I swore to her on my soul that some day I'd get Jake for what he did to her...
BOBBY: I'm sorry...
GRACE: Yeah. What do you want. Life, right? Have you ever been to California?
BOBBY: Yeah.
BOBBY: Oh yeah. It's far, it's another world.
GRACE: Is it pretty?
BOBBY: Oh yeah. It's beautiful, beautiful beaches. Blue water and clear skies as far as you can see.
GRACE: Please. I won't hang on you. As soon as we get there you can dump me. I don't care. I just want to get out of here.
BOBBY: Honey, baby, I <u>can't</u>. I can't even get out of here <u>myself</u>. Believe it or not, I need a lousy hundred and fifty bucks to get my car back from that crazy mechanic...
GRACE: Darrell? You know he and Jake are...
BOBBY: You don't have any money put away, do you?
GRACE: Jake never gives me more'n twenty bucks at a time, like a bird in a cage, he don't want me goin' anywhere...
BOBBY: ...you could get me money. I'll get you out of here.