NIXON: Bob, did I approve the Ellsberg thing? You know, I'm glad we tape all these conversations because ... I never approved that break-in at Ellsberg's psychiatrist. Or maybe I approved it after the fact? Someday we've got to start transcribing the tapes.
HALDEMAN: You approved that before the fact, because I went over it with you. But ...
NIXON: Uh, no one, of course, is going to see these tapes, but ...
HALDEMAN: That's right, and it's more a problem for Ehrlichman. He fixed Hunt up with the phony CIA ID's, but ... what else does Hunt have on us?
NIXON: We've got to turn off the FBI. You just go to the CIA, Bob, and tell Helms that Howard Hunt is blackmailing the President. Tell him that Hunt and his Cuban friends know too damn much, and if he goes public, it would be a fiasco for the CIA. He'll know what I'm talking about.
HALDEMAN: All right.
NIXON: Play it tough. That's the way they play it and that's the way we're going to play it. Don't lie to Helms and say there's no involvement, but just say this is sort of a comedy of errors, bizarre, without getting into it. Say the President believes it's going to open up the whole Bay of Pigs thing again. Tell Helms he should call the FBI, call Pat Gray, and say that we wish for the sake of the country -- don't go any further into this hanky-panky, period!
HALDEMAN: The Bay of Pigs? ... That was Kennedy's screw-up. How does that threaten us?
NIXON: Just do what I say, Bob.
HALDEMAN: Yes, sir, but ... do you think Gray'll go for it?
NIXON: Pat Gray'll do anything we ask him. That's why I appointed him.
HALDEMAN: He'll need a pretext. He'll never figure one out for himself.
NIXON: Christ, you're right -- Gray makes Jerry Ford look like Mozart. Just have Helms call him. Helms can scare anybody.
HALDEMAN: The only problem with that, sir -- it gets us into obstruction of justice.
NIXON: It's got nothing to do with justice. It's national security.
HALDEMAN: How is this national security?
NIXON: Because the President says it is. My job is to protect this country from its enemies, and its enemies are inside the walls.
NIXON: I suppose you thought the Presidency was above this sort of thing.
HALDEMAN: Sir?
NIXON: This isn't a moral" issue
HALDEMAN: I'll talk to Helms. Oh, Pat asked if you're coming to the Residence for dinner tonight.
NIXON: No, no, not tonight. Don't let her in here. I have too much to do.
HALDEMAN: Yes, sir. I'll talk to Helms, and, uh ... what's our press position on this Watergate thing? What do I tell Ziegler to tell them?