GIDEON: It's the boy next door throwing at his birds. I'm just waiting on him to hit a pane in the window
HARRY: I'm going to wash up now. You all please excuse me.
HARRY: Good morning.
GIDEON: You ought to come hear our preacher. Remember old Cat Iron? Well, our preacher is just as strong.
HARRY: Next time when I feel a little better perhaps.
GIDEON: I was going to get up and get a hen out there for dinner, but time got away.
HARRY: Oh, I would feel much at home if you let me get one for you. I haven't wrung a chicken's neck in a month of Sundays. You know, folks would call my daddy to kill their hogs. That used to be my trade from time to time.
GIDEON: Well, I would appreciate that.
LINDA: You don't act like the rest of Gideon's friends. They believe if you are not hard at work, you are hard at sin.
HARRY: Oh, I'm more modern in my ways. I don't believe in sin, though there is good and evil. And evil is a thing you work at.
HARRY: Not you mustn't touch. Your mama might not like you handling knives.
LINDA: I think he wants to see your rabbit foot.
HARRY: I let this rabbit foot do in place of my toby that I lost years ago.
LINDA: What's a toby?
HARRY: You don't want to be at crossroads without one. It's a charm that old people teach you how to make. I had one for a long time that belonged to my grandmother who had it ever since she was a child. In my travels I misplaced it. I have been looking over my shoulder ever since.
LINDA: I thought you weren't old fashioned.
HARRY: In some things. When we were children, there used to be an old man that came around and would snatch your soul if you didn't have something on you that didn't make a X.
HARRY: Did you have your child at home?
LINDA: No. No. No. No. I had my Child at Cedars and Sinai. And that ain't no county hospital. You have to have cash or check before you come in the door.
HARRY: Some folks take that natural stuff too far.
LINDA: Junior's wife kept her afterbirth' in the refrigerator. That's why I do not eat over there now.
HARRY: Country people got so many strange ways,
BABE BROTHER: Did you ever have to use this thing?
HARRY: That is called a crab apple switch. It's for those bad acting monkeys and just the thing for a mean dog. Now I don't know if I actually did what I did or got my life and story mixed in with other folk's stories but I seem to recall that I had to use my crab apple on a boy from back home. I was up in Memphis working on the railroad, like your daddy who had an easy job. He would sing a song that had a cadence and we would lay track. Anyway I was coming down Beale Street and I heard this music coming from a saloon. Sure enough it was Emory. My daddy taught both of us to play but Emory was natural at it. Got in a blues band and what not. He and another boy had killed a boy named Hocker sometime back and they balled the Jack leaving town. Emory had lost one eye and had a scar running down his face. Bad luck I would say. He got to drinking that corn liquor. We went to his girl's room and he wouldn't stop drinking. He started talking about the old days and he went mad. He pulled his knife and I got to mine first. The lights went out.
BABE BROTHER: Don't pick up the cards if you are not in the game. Did he die?
HARRY: I don't know what happened to him. He just ran out into the streets. I got some old records I want you to hear. I like the blues sung simply, man and a guitar. Or sung by a woman who had bad luck all her life. Don't ever let anyone tell you his life's story if it is of a weary life full of sadness. When I was a boy, a man told me a story of how he lost all of his sons and I'll be damned if the same thing didn't happen to me.