GALVIN: Dr. Gruber.
MAID: Dr. Gruber's not in.
GALVIN: I had an appointment at his office, I think I must have got it wrong. We had a meeting...
MAID: He's not in, Sir.
GALVIN: Where is he?
GALVIN: I... please. My wife... my wife's prescription has run out. If I can call him...
MAID: Dr. Halpern's taking all his...
GALVIN: No, no, no. I have to talk to him. If I can only call him...
MAID: He's... you can't reach him, Sir. He's in the, on some island in the Caribbean, they don't have a phone. He'll be back in a week... If you'd like Dr. Halpern's number...
MICKEY: Stearns, Harrington, you know who that is?
LAURA: Should I?
MICKEY: A huge law firm. Okay? They put him in the firm, he's married, everything's superb. Franky, he's starting to talk like he comes from Dorsetshire, some fuckin' place, 'You must drop by with Pat and me...' Okay...?
LAURA: Yes.
MICKEY: ...and he's making a billion dollars every minute working for Stearns, Harrington, and he bought a dog, and everything is rosy. Then Mr. Stearns, he tried to fix a case.
LAURA: The Big Boy did...?
MICKEY: That Frank was working on. Yeah. He thought Franky needed some help, so they bribed a juror. So Franky finds out. He comes to me in tears. He thinks that anybody who knows what a 'spinnaker' is got to be a saint. I told him 'Franky, wake up. These people are sharks. What do you think they got so rich from? Doing good?' He can't be comforted. He tells the boys at Stearns and Harrington they've disappointed him, he's going to the Judge to rat them out.
LAURA: Huh.
MICKEY: Before he can get there here comes this Federal Marshal, and Franky's indicted for Jury tampering, they throw him in jail, he's gonna be disbarred, his life is over. Jimmy, gimme another drink. How are you?
LAURA: Me, too.
MICKEY: Okay. Now, so he's in jail. He, finally, he gets to see the light, he calls up Harrington, he says he thinks he made a mistake. As if by magic, charges against him are dropped, he's released from jail. P.S. He's fired from the firm, his wife divorces him, he turns to drink and mopes around three and a half years. You like that story?