GEKKO: What the hell do you want?
BUD: I found out about the garage sale down at Bluestar. Why?
GEKKO: Last night I read Rudy the story of Winnie the Pooh and the Honey pot. Know what happened: he stuck his nose in that honey pot once too often and got stung.
BUD: Maybe you ought to read him Pinocchio. You told me you were going to turn Bluestar around. Not upside down. You used me.
GEKKO: You're walking around blind without a cane, sport. A fool and his money are lucky to get together in the first place.
BUD: Why do you need to wreck this company?
GEKKO: Because it's wreckable. I took another look and I changed my mind.
BUD: If these people lose their jobs, nowhere to go. My father worked at Bluestar for twenty-four years. I gave 'em my word.
GEKKO: It's all about bucks, kid, the rest is conversation... Bud, you're still going to be president. And when the time comes, you'll parachute out a rich man. With the money you're going to make, your father won't have to work another day in his life.
BUD: Tell me, Gordon--when does it all end? How many yachts can you waterski behind? How much is enough?
GEKKO: Buddy, it's not a question of enough. It's a zero sum game, sport. Somebody wins and somebody loses. Money itself isn't lost or made, it's simply transferred from one perception to another. Like magic. That painting cost $60,000 10 years ago. I could sell it today for $600,000. The illusion has become real. And the more real it becomes, the more desperately they want it. Capitalism at its finest.
BUD: How much is enough Gordon?
GEKKO: The richest one percent of this country owns half the country's wealth: 5 trillion dollars. One third of that comes from hard work, two thirds of it comes from inheritance, interest on interest accumulation to widows and idiot sons and what I do -- stock and real estate speculation. It's bullshit. Ninety percent of the American people have little or no net worth. I create nothing; I own. We make the rules, Buddy, the news, war, peace, famine, upheaval; the cost of a paper clip. We pull the rabbit out of the hat while everybody else sits around their whole life wondering how we did it... ...you're not naive enough to think we're living in a democracy are you, Buddy? It's the free market. You're one of us now...take advantage of it. You got the killer instinct, kid, stick with me. I got things to teach you...
BUD: Obviously...
GEKKO: Believe me, Buddy, I was gonna discuss this with you at the right time. Look, why don't you calm down and come to the apartment for dinner tonight. Bring Darien...
BUD: ...I can't make it tonight.
GEKKO: Are you with me Buddy?