MR. PENFIELD: Everyone's been marvellous really, Jimmy. The neighbours come and sit with her while I'm at work.
JAMES: That's good.
MR. PENFIELD: And Joe Ramage - do you remember him? He comes and helps out in the shop.
JAMES: Yes, you said.
MR. PENFIELD: Now, are you going to have some more tea?
JAMES: No, thanks Dad.
MR. PENFIELD: Or a beer. I've got some in.
JAMES: I've got to be going. I've got a meeting tonight.
MR. PENFIELD: The bed's all made up if you want to stay.
JAMES: I'll ring you in the next couple of days.
JAMES: What did you think of that Wadja film?
SUSAN: I quite liked it. I wasn't as enthusiastic as everyone else.
JAMES: I thought it was tremendous.
SUSAN: I think it went on rather too long.
JAMES: I couldn't bear for it to end.
SUSAN: And I didn't like that man.
JAMES: Oh, but he was terrific.
SUSAN: And the shape of it all. It was sort of...shapeless.
JAMES: Really? I thought those long flashbacks were extremely good.
JAMES: You don't like flashbacks because your mother's a historian.
SUSAN: Good theory. But I like my mother. I have no aversions to what she does.
JAMES: Too bad. What did your father do?
SUSAN: My real father? Well, he was a flashback.
JAMES: Everyone describes the same process. At first it is exciting. You're at the centre of the world. As soon as anything happens, you're the first to know about it. And there are deadlines a dozen times a day, even more, and that's intimidating and exciting. Then you get the hang of it and the excitement wears off. Your a clerk in a rather dowdy Office. There's none of the glamour of television, or the penetration of serious journalism. You're a processor of semi-official news. Some people leave at this stage. Then, if you hang on, and especially if you're promoted, you discover a new kind of pleasure. You're pleased by the ease with which you can write summaries and bulletins from news agency printouts, by the way you ca judge length. Ending a broadcast on the dot, having everything run smoothly, selecting a running order that makes sense, knowing instinctively what you can and cannot do. Professionalism.
SUSAN: And you're at this third stage
JAMES: No, there's a fourth. Numbness. You do everything right, but you feel nothing either way.
SUSAN: I think you're exaggerating. And if you aren't, you should jolly well change your job.
JAMES: Oh yes?
SUSAN: Yes. You're much too old to making a drama out of alienation, or whatever you call it. You've got to take responsibility for your own happiness. That's what I think anyway.