MICHAEL: On the phone?
ROCCO: No, she's here.
MICHAEL: I had no idea...
KAY: I wanted to see you before you went back to Nevada. Also, the children - Michael, they're here.
MICHAEL: Where?
KAY: In a minute. They're outside with Esther. I'm very happy for you... I suppose I knew that you're simply too smart for anyone ever to beat you.
MICHAEL: Why don't you sit down?
KAY: I'm not going to stay long; I can't.
MICHAEL: There are a lot of things I want to talk to you about. Things I've been thinking about -- changes I want to make.
KAY: I think it's too late for changes, Michael. I promised myself I wouldn't talk about it and I've gone and spoiled it.
MICHAEL: Why too late?
KAY: Tell me, Michael. What really happened with Pentangeli?
MICHAEL: His brother came to help him.
KAY: I didn't even know he had a brother. And where is he now?
MICHAEL: On a plane back to Sicily.
KAY: And that's all he had to do. Just show his face.
MICHAEL: That's all. You see, in Sicily, in the old days... there was only one legitimate reason to kill a blood relative... only one. IF he was a traitor.
KAY: You would have killed his brother?
MICHAEL: Kay, you've got it wrong. That kind of thing's all over, I promised you. This was between the two brothers. Years ago Frankie had a young girlfriend; he called her his co-wife. That was his joke, but he meant it. He wouldn't divorce his wife... because she was a great cook. He said he girlfriend made a spaghetti sauce once and it was so terrible he knew he could never marry her. He set her up in a house in Jersey. She had to be faithful... and she had to have kids. And she did, two, a boy and a girl. He had her checked out and watched so she couldn't cheat... but the girl couldn't stand that kind of life. She begged him to let her go. He did. He gave her money and made her give up the kids. Then Frankie took them to Italy, and had them brought up by his brother Vincenzo. Where he knew they'd by safe.
MICHAEL: When he saw his brother in the hearing room, he knew what was at stake. I don't think Vincenzo would have done it. He loves the kids, too. Omerta, Kay. Honor, silence. It had nothing to do with me. It was between those brothers.
KAY: I'll bring the children up now; they want to say goodbye.
MICHAEL: Kay, I told you...
KAY: Goodbye, Michael.
MICHAEL: I won't let you leave! Christ, do you think I'm going to let you leave.
KAY: Michael.
MICHAEL: No, I don't want to hear anything. There are things between men and women that will not change; things that have been the same for thousands of years. You are my wife, and they are my children... and I love you and I will not let you leave, because you are MINE!
KAY: Oh, I do feel things for you, Michael; but now, I think it's pity. For the first time since I've known you, you seem so helpless. You held me a prisoner once; will you try again?
MICHAEL: If that's what it takes; then yes, I will.
KAY: At this moment, I feel no love for you at all. I never thought that could happen, but it has.
MICHAEL: We'll go back tonight. Bring the children.
KAY: You haven't heard me.
MICHAEL: How can I let you leave; how can I let you take my children away? Don't you know me? You understand, it's an impossibility. I would never let it happen; no, never, not if it took all my strength, all my cunning. But in time, soon, you'll feel differently. You see, you'll be happy that I stopped you. I know you. You'll forget about this; you'll forget about the baby we lost... and we'll go on, you and I.
KAY: The baby I lost...
MICHAEL: I know what it meant... and I'm prepared to make it up to you. I will make changes; I can. I CAN change; that I have learned, that I have the strength to change... And we have another child, a boy... and you'll forget the miscarriage.
KAY: It wasn't a miscarriage. And you with your cunning, couldn't you figure it out! It was an abortion; an abortion, like our marriage is an abortion, something unholy and evil. I don't want your son; I wouldn't bring another of your sons into this world. An abortion, Michael... it was a son, and I had it killed, but this must all end!