DEWEY: They found another note?
GALE: Uh-huh. Another News clipping. Another one about Sid's mom. Dewey, whether we like it or not it looks like we're going to have to go back into our past.
DEWEY: You mean OUR past as in Me and Sid. This has nothing to do with you Gale.
GALE: This has everything to do with me Dewey. I was the one who brought the nation's attention to this shit anyway. I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit around and pass on the buck again.
DEWEY: Do you really mean it this time Gale?
GALE: Yes. Look, let's get something straight Dewey, I got into this shit cause the police came looking for ME. Not cause I'm out to make the SUNRISE STUDIOS SLASHINGS.
DEWEY: Why would the police come to you?
GALE: Again, I am the author of the definitive book on the Woodsboro murders.! What about you?
DEWEY: What about me?
GALE: You said you'd never leave Woodsboro, 'The only place that's real!' But now you're here. Not with me. Dewey, I took care of you. I waited until you were well. I couldn't stay there, I mean, it's like dog years, one year in Woodsboro is like seven everywhere else.
DEWEY: So it's off to London for a week? New York for a month? L.A Forever?
GALE: It was fucking '60 Minutes II'! I couldn't say no! I could've been the next Diane Sawyer!
DEWEY: What's wrong with just being Gale Weathers? I liked her!
GALE: It didn't work Dewey. We tried, we're different.
DEWEY: You used to say that was our strength.
GALE: Dewey, you're not just here because of that second rate K-Mart, straight-to-video version of me, are you?
DEWEY: Brace yourself, Gale, all of this is actually not About you.
GALE: All of what Dewey? You do know something, don't you?
DEWEY: Off the record.
GALE: Always.
DEWEY: Two months ago, the Woodsboro police got a call from a woman who said she was with 'Stab 3'. She wanted to see the file on Sid, for research.
GALE: And?
DEWEY: The boys said no. She wouldn't give her name. A month later, the station gets broken into, the file room ransacked.
GALE: Someone stole Sid's file?
DEWEY: I already removed it. I think someone on the film was trying to find Sid, and that's the only reason I came here. To make do a little private investigating of my own and make sure no one here was planning anything.
GALE: I'm sorry, this is too good!
DEWEY: What part of 'Off the record' don't you understand?
GALE: Right. Sorry. Do you think he did it?
DEWEY: I've got my suspicions but still, nothing you say can ever make me take my eyes off one person.
GALE: And who is that?
DEWEY: Jennifer needs me.
GALE: Jennifer?! Wait, where are you going off to?
DEWEY: I'm on duty.
DEWEY: Stop following me.
GALE: I happen to work for the police god dammit!
DEWEY: You're not a detective.
GALE: Neither are you, Magnum P.I.
DEWEY: Gale, your engine's still running.
GALE: Fuck!
TOM: Gale Weathers. What a surprise.
GALE: Tom Prinze, tanked as usual. That's a shocker.
TOM: Hey I really liked that piece you did on me last month. The one where you said my car accident was caused by me drinking and drugs, and how I faked the tire blow-out just so my insurance wouldn't sky rocket.
GALE: Heh, well, that's TV journalism for ya. Stage the news to boost ratings.
TOM: Really, cause that stunt lost me the lead role in Roman Polanski's latest picture. Huh, what a coincide I was picked up by Roman Bridger. Well, not exactly the Roman I wanted. Get my point? STAB 3 is bullshit. Fuck, because of your big mouth I'm here, drinking piss water SCOTCH with Second rate fucking celebrities like Jennifer Jollie and yourself! Hey, I just got an idea. Maybe I should Have a look at your break line. That your car over there?
GALE: I think we should go inside. I have to have a talk with the cast. ALL OF YOU.
TOM: You mean what's left of us. Yeah I'm running on empty anyways. Gotta refuel.
JENNIFER: You! How can I ever get any fame playing you!
GALE: Dewey, what the hell is she rambling about now? What's wrong Jen, see yourself on one of those USA NETWORK winners you did and realize how badly you suck at acting?
JENNIFER: God damn you Gale Weathers! Don't you see? The killer is choosing his victims as they die in the script! Ben Damon's character was the first one to get offed. So was his girlfriend - but she wasn't cast yet so his real girlfriend was killed - then Sarah Darling's Candy, and now me!
GALE: Wait a second, whoa! Calm down! Number one there were five different versions of the script given out. Ben Damon was given a fake script because he was only being offered the role. It only had fragments of real scenes from the actual script. And what, I die in STAB 3?
GALE: AND I DIE NAKED?! UGH! This is complete bullshit. Who wrote this piece of crap?
JENNIFER: I know right. It was kinda weak. That's cause Will Kennison only wrote a rough treatment of it. The script was written by some new guy. He wrote Arlington Street.
GALE: Still that was a much better movie, I saw it at the premiere last week. God, what the hell am I getting sidetracked with this shit for?! We've gotta get down to business.