LAURA: ... Like Mexico. Or Jamaica. Or New York, even.
ROB: Hey, great idea. What I'll do is, tomorrow I'll get a hold of a box full of mint Elvis Presley 78s on the Sub label, and I'll pay for it that way.
LAURA: I'll pay for you. Even though you owe me money. We have to do something with the money I earn. I need to. I deserve it. You can just think of it as winning the lottery.
ROB: Fantastic. The Girlfriend Lottery.
LAURA: Money does not matter. I do not care how much you earn. I'd just like you to be a little happier in your work, but beyond that you can do what you like.
ROB: But it wasn't supposed to be like this. When I met you we were the same people and now we're not, and...
LAURA: How? How were we the same people?
ROB: Well, you were the kind of person who came to the Artful Dodger and I was the kind of person who deejayed at the Artful Dodger. You wore jeans and T-shirts, and so did I. And I still do, and you don't.
LAURA: Because I'm not allowed to. I still do, after work. So, what? Should we just break up? Is that what you're saying? Because if you are, I'm going to run out of patience.
ROB: No, but...
LAURA: But what?
ROB: But why doesn't it matter that we're not the same people we used to be?
LAURA: You haven't changed so much as a pair of socks in the years I've known you. If we've grown apart, then I'm the one who's done the growing, and all I've done is change jobs.
ROB: And hairstyles and clothes and attitude and friends and...
LAURA: I can't go to work with my hair dyed pink. And I can afford to go shopping more now, and I've met a couple people I like over the last year or so.
ROB: You're tougher.
LAURA: More confident, maybe.
ROB: Harder.
LAURA: Less neurotic. Are you intending to stay the same for the rest of your life?
ROB: I'm alright.
LAURA: Yeah, you're alright. But you're certainly not happy. So what happens if you get happy? And yes I know that's the title of an Elvis Costello album, I use the reference deliberately to catch your attention. Should we split up because I'm used to you being miserable? What happens if you, I don't know, start you're own record label, and it's a success? Time for a new girlfriend?
ROB: You're being stupid.
LAURA: How? What would be the difference between you having a record label and me going from legal aid to private practice?
LAURA: All I'm saying is, you have to allow for things to happen to people, most of all to yourself. Otherwise, what's the use?
ROB: No use.
ROB: What is this.
DICK: It's Vince and Justin.
ROB: Who's that?
BARRY: The little skate-fuckers.
ROB: No way.
BARRY: Yes way. It's really...