TAYLOR: What about me?
ZAIUS: Oh, your case was preordained. In a way, you performed a service for the State ... Because your hearing made it possible for us to expose Zira and Cornelius. And now the Tribunal has placed you in my custody for...final disposition. Do you know what that means?
TAYLOR: No.
ZAIUS: Emasculation, to begin with. Then experimental surgery. On the speech centers. On the brain. Ultimately, a kind of living death.
ZAIUS: However, it's within my power to grant You a reprieve. That is why I summoned you here tonight. Tell me who and what you really are and where you come from, and no veterinary will touch you.
TAYLOR: I told the truth at that 'hearing'of yours.
ZAIUS: You lied. Where is your tribe?
TAYLOR: My tribe, as you call it, lives on another planet in a distant solar system.
ZAIUS: Then how is it we speak the same language? Even in your lies, some truth slips through! That mythical community you're supposed to come from -- Fort Wayne'?
TAYLOR: What about it?
ZAIUS: A fort! Unconsciously, you chose a name that was belligerent. Where were you nurtured?
TAYLOR: I take it you don't believe the prosecutor's charge -- that I'm a monster created by Dr. Zira.
ZAIUS: Certainly not.	You're a mutant.
TAYLOR: That's exactly what Zira and Cornelius claim. You're talking heresy, doctor.
ZAIUS: Of course.
TAYLOR: All right, suppose I am a mutant? Why does the appearance of one mutant send you into a panic?
ZAIUS: Because you're not unique. There was the one you call Landon --
TAYLOR: Then you admit --
ZAIUS: I admit that where there's one mutant there's probably another. And another. A nest of them. Where's your nest, Taylor? Where are your women?
TAYLOR: Thank you for calling me Taylor. Dr. Zaius, I know who I am. Who are you? How did this upside down civilization ever get started?
ZAIUS: You may well call it upside down, since you occupy its lowest level. And deservedly. The eastern desert has never been explored -- because we've always assumed that no life can exist there. Save yourself, Taylor. Tell me -- is there another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone?
TAYLOR: I don't know.
ZAIUS: If you are protecting others of your kind, it will cost you your identity.
TAYLOR: I'm not protecting anybody! That hearing was a farce. What have I done?
ZAIUS: You're a menace! A walking pestilence. I do know who you are, Taylor. As I know that others of your kind must live in the Forbidden Zone. You have just six hours to make a full confession. After that I'll employ surgery to obtain one. Guards!