GEORGE: Benjie!
BEN: Clair, George Clair! What the hell brings you to New Canaan?
GEORGE: Well, it's the funniest thing. I've been talking to some investors -- a little outside venture, you understand, between you and me -- about a scheme to manufacture a new Styrofoam packaging. Little peanut like pieces that can really keep an item free from trauma during shipping. Miraculous. Anyway, it turns out the genius behind the whole project is your neighbor, Jim Williams. How about that!
BEN: Well, hey, isn't that a one-in-a million coincidence. A real dreamer, Jim Williams, eh?
GEORGE: Darned right. Look here, Benj, whaddya make of this sequel to The Godfather? You think it's gonna work?
BEN: Don't see how. I think the public's had its fill of this gangster stuff. No, trust me -- disaster pics. And air hockey.
GEORGE: Yeah, good.
GEORGE: Well, gonna make a break for the hors d'oeuvres guy.
BEN: Yeah, see you bright and early Monday am. Say, where's the wife?
GEORGE: In Rhode Island with the folks. I'm a free agent tonight.
JANEY: Oh jeez, Benjie. Well, here you are.
BEN: Damn right, but where the hell were you?
JANEY: What are you talking about?
BEN: Don't bullshit me around, Janey. Jesus Christ, I waited around for more than half an hour, in nothing but my boxer shorts, and -- and what's all that about? What the hell happened?
JANEY: A prior engagement overcame me.
BEN: What?
JANEY: Listen, Benjamin Hood. I have obligations that precede your... from before you showed up. One or two, you know, good-natured encounters, that doesn't mean I'm... I'm not just some toy for you. When I remembered some chores I wanted to get done before the party, I just did them, that's all, because I wanted to do them before I saw Jimmy.
BEN: Jimmy? Jimmy? I don't know how to take this. And what do you mean, Jimmy? I thought you said you and your husband --
JANEY: How you take it isn't all that interesting to me, Benjamin. I'm sorry --
BEN: I just can't believe you could be so --
GORMAN: Welcome to the Monkey House has been a seminal influence on me -- hey Benjamin -- give it a try? This stuff will make some sense out of those larger questions.
BEN: Thanks for the advice Dave.