BOY: Here you are, Senator. Not a bad desk, either. Daniel Webster used to use it.
JEFFERSON: Daniel Webster? Sat here? Say--that man was a great orator.
BOY: Give you something to shoot at, Senator--if you figure on doing any talking.
JEFFERSON: Not me, sonny. I'm just going to sit around and listen. What's this?
BOY: Calendar for the day. You'll find the Senate Manual in the drawer. Anything else you want, just snap for a page.
JEFFERSON: Where's the Majority Leader?
BOY: The Majority Leader? Right over there. And that's [ ] the Minority Leader. They're both pretty good in the clinches.
JEFFERSON: Uh-huh. And where's the Press Galery?
BOY: Right up there over the Vice- President's chair--the four in the front row represent the four big news services. You've met the press bunch, haven't you?
JEFFERSON: Oh, yes--they're fine people--regular people.
BOY: Look out for those fellows--they tell the truth about you--sometimes. That corner over there is reserved for guides and sightseers who come in for five minutes to rest their feet. That section over there is reserved for Senator's friends. The front row--the empty one--is for the President and White House guests-- see that old couple over there-- they've attended every session for the last twenty years. Over the clock back here is the Diplomatic section. They and the page boys are the only real class we have in this place. The rest are mostly people who come here like they go to the zoo--
JEFFERSON: Those busts up there--all around the wall--who are they, sonny?
BOY: All the ex-vice-Presidents. You can get ten-to-one around here if you think you can remember their names. The Vice-President presides over the Senate--you know that. It's how he earns his pay. Oh--over there, Senator-- on the east side of the Chair we still have the old snuff boxes with real snuff in them if you like snuff.
JEFFERSON: Thanks very much, sonny--
BOY: I'll take your hat into the cloak room.
JEFFERSON: Here--let me give you a Boy Ranger button.
BOY: Swell. Thanks very much. Good luck, Senator. Keep your left up.