KILLAINE: I'm about to be very silly. A man passes a girl on the street--a very lovely girl--his eyes meet her eyes, and something reaches out and takes hold of his heart-- and then she goes on and is lost in the crowd--and he says to himself, There goes my lost love"-- and it's true--if he never sees her again
BETTY: Points very straight to her.
KILLAINE: He looks at the girl, looks into her eyes--
BETTY: What does he see?
KILLAINE: Palm trees against a sunset--waves breaking on a coral reef--the Taj Mahal by moonlight--roses in an English garden, just after a shower-- Clichés, one and all--but good ones, with a lot of mileage left in them--there's one thing he does not see--murder--and murder was what he was sent to find. Pretty ridiculous, isn't it?
BETTY: Very ridiculous.
KILLAINE: That's my hard luck--I'm man enough to tell you about it--and not be sorry.
BETTY: What do your friends call you?-- The ones that know you well?--and like you very much?
KILLAINE: They call me Jeff.
BETTY: Jeff. Shall we go now, Jeff, and get it over with?
KILLAINE: Not quiet yet. We know who the gun belonged to. Margo West. She told us this morning. It doesn't mean much. Mitchell took it away from her. He had a habit of going through her bag.
BETTY: Looking for peanuts, I suppose.
KILLAINE: So Mitchell had handled it. Afterwards, Brandon picked it up. There's no indication you handled it.
BETTY: I always wear gloves when I shoot people. A bad joke--but better than tears.
KILLAINE: Time's up. I'm off the case.
BETTY: They'll only find someone else-- who won't be so kind.
KILLAINE: That's something I can't spare you. But I won't do it myself.
BETTY: Because you think your in love with me?
KILLAINE: I'm enough of a copper to do my duty. My boss made it tough for me. If I don't arrest you, I've gone soft. If I do, it's to save my face. I don't play those rules.
KILLAINE: You've got a couple of hours, maybe.
BETTY: To do what?
KILLAINE: I can't answer that.
BETTY: What will they do to you?
KILLAINE: That's they're business. Can I drop you somewhere?
BETTY: You're still a police officer, Jeff. I saw you send those two men away. I know they were watching me.
BETTY: What are you going to do--toss your job into Puget Sound? Because I make you think of magnolias? I thought policeman was something like a soldier. That his duty came first. However much he might happen hate it.
KILLAINE: I've been a soldier too. There is a difference. A policeman, like a judge, has a right to disqualify himself on proper grounds.
BETTY: What proper grounds? You can't be in love with me. You hardly know me. I'm not in love with you.
KILLAINE: I know that.
BETTY: But even if you were in love with me.
KILLAINE: There's an empty taxi across the street. If you're so anxious, take it. He'll know the way to the police headquarters.
BETTY: You do things the hard way, don't you?
KILLAINE: Sometimes.
BETTY: Not sometimes. Always. Just because it is the hard way. You're that kind of man, Jeff.
KILLAINE: Goodbye, Betty.