GABRIEL: Start singing.
RUDY: I have no gifts to bring, pa-rumpum- pum-pum
GABRIEL: Sing it in pictures, Nick.
RUDY: What you gotta worry about first is the guards. Place doesn't look much richer than when I worked there, so let's figure you're gonna have to deal with ten of 'em. There'll be two on the floor, walking the room, that leaves eight up above. Eyes in the sky. They see something up, they're the ones who'll hit the silent alarm and you're fucked.
MERLIN: How do we take them out?
RUDY: You gotta get someone upstairs.
MERLIN: How do we do that?
RUDY: Across from blackjack, there's a security doorway. Keypad access.
GABRIEL: What's the code?
RUDY: Uh... they change it every month. I wouldn't know. If there's trouble on the floor, you'll get security coming through. what you gotta do, is get inside that doorway once they do. You gotta draw 'em out.
PUG: Without having them hit the alarms.
RUDY: I got an idea on that one. Once you're up there, you gotta hold those guards down till some backup can get there. There's a security camera room that videotapes everything. You've gotta destroy every last one of those tapes.
MERLIN: What about the money?
RUDY: You lock down security, you move behind the cage. You hit the Count Room. There'll be a guy in there but he's got no guns; room's accessed by another code. Cashiers'll know it. They'll have alarms.
JUMPY: What about the Powwow Safe?
RUDY: What?
JUMPY: The Powwow Safe. The secret safe. You said the manager's got a safe in his office where he hides skim money.
RUDY: Oh. Right. Yeah. That's, uh upstairs. Uh. Here. Powwow Safe.
RUDY: So. You're gonna need a man through here, two men at the cage, one to cover the count. You're gonna need a lookout outside, a sweeper through the back, and a gun guarding the front. You need six.
GABRIEL: We got five. Putting Ashley outside.
RUDY: You need six.
GABRIEL: NO.
RUDY: You go in with five, you're either leaving an alarm free or an exit free. Someone hits an alarm, you're fucked. Someone gets to a phone, gets outside, 'cross the street, whatever, you're fucked. You need six. Six is me.
GABRIEL: No.
RUDY: You guys get caught, I go away for good. I got an interest in making sure you don't. You need a sixth man covering an exit. What're you gonna do about it.