STAMP PAID: This is hard for me. But I got to do it. Two things I got to say to you. I'm a take the easy one first.
PAUL: If it's hard for you, might kill me dead.
STAMP PAID: I come looking for you to ask your pardon. Apologize.
PAUL: For what?
STAMP PAID: You pick any house, any house where colored live. Pick any one and you welcome to stay there. I'm apologizing 'cause they didn't offer to tell you. But you welcome anywhere you want to be. My house. John and Ella. Miss Lady Jones..anybody. You choose. You ain't got to sleep in no cellar and I apologize for each and every night.
PAUL: Well I...I did get offered one place but I just wanted to be off by myself a spell.
STAMP PAID: Oh yeah. Oh that's load off. I thought everybody gone crazy.
PAUL: Just me.
STAMP PAID: You planning to do anything about it?
PAUL: Oh yeah. I got big plans.
WHITE MAN: Hey!!
STAMP PAID: Yes sir.
WHITE MAN: I'm looking for a gal name of Judy. Works over by the slaughterhouse. Said she lived on Plank Road.
STAMP PAID: Plank Road. Yes sir. That's up a ways. Mile, maybe.
WHITE MAN: You don't know her? Judy? Works in the slaughterhouse.
STAMP PAID: No sir, I don't, but I know Plank Road. 'Bout a mile up thataway.
WHITE MAN: Look here..There's a cross up there, so I guess this here's a church or used to be. Seems to me like you ought to show it some respect, you follow me?
STAMP PAID: Yes sir..You right about that. That's just what I come over to talk to him about. Just that..
PAUL: You remember your price, Stamp?
STAMP PAID: Never found out.
PAUL: I did. Down to the cent.$900. Always wondered though what Mrs. Garner got for my brother Paul F. Must of been more than nine hundred dollars cause she use that money for Sweet Home for almost two years. But then they hung my other brother Paul A. up on a tree so I guess he wasn't worth the same..I wonder what was Baby Suggs worth? And Halle? I wasn't surprised when I found out they tracked down Sethe all the way to Cincinatti. Her price must have been higher than all of us - her being property that reproduced itself without cost. A breeder.
STAMP PAID: No use thinking these things now.
PAUL: Oh but we got to. How we gonna know our price in the future? How are children's children's children gonna know what they cost? Who's gonna tell them? What are they gonna pay for us, if we free?
STAMP PAID: Children ain't gonna need to know that kind of thing.
PAUL: They'll know. They'll know as soon as they born. Cause it's inside us,Stamp. It'll be inside them. We'll pass it down. Schoolteacher didn't just change the outside, he changed the mind..and the blood..and what it carries...and what it's worth..
STAMP PAID: I don't believe that. I won't.
PAUL: There was a rooster named Mister down at Sweet Home. Last time I saw Halle, with that butter all over his face and me with an iron bit in my mouth, I saw Mister - sitting on a tub. He loved that tub. Like king on a throne. He was a hateful thing. Bloody and evil..But he was better than me. Mister was allowed to be and stay what he was. Even if you cooked him you'd be cooking a rooster named Mister. But wasn't no way I'd ever be Paul D. again..Schoolteacher changed me. Was never no beating under Mr. Garner. Schoolteacher changed that. Why wouldn't a man run from that? Why wouldn't a man not work, kill, starve, pull out his own heart to stop feeling 'stead of feeling that? And it strikes me, it's got to be cause we were something else. And that something was less than a chicken sitting in the sun on a tub.
STAMP PAID: I said I had two things to say to you. I only told you one. I have to tell you the other.
PAUL: I don't want to know.
STAMP PAID: I was there Paul D...There in the yard. When she did it.
PAUL: What yard? When who-
PAUL: Jesus.
STAMP PAID: It ain't what you think.
PAUL: You don't know what I think.
STAMP PAID: She ain't crazy. She love those children. She was trying to outhurt the hurter's all.
PAUL: Leave off..
STAMP PAID: She was only-
PAUL: Stamp, leave off I said! I knew her when she was a girl. She scares me and I knew her when she was a girl...
STAMP PAID: You ain't scared of Sethe. I don't believe you.
PAUL: She scares me. I scare me. And that girl in her house scares me.
STAMP PAID: Who is she? Where she come from?
PAUL: Don't know. Just shot up one day from a stump.
STAMP PAID: She what run you off? Not what I told you 'bout Sethe?
PAUL: Tell me something, Stamp. Tell me this one thing. How much is a nigger supposed to take?
STAMP PAID: All he can. All he can.
PAUL: Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?