NICKY: I see the outline of your body in chalk on this very floor.
LAUREL: Daddy, wait.
STEVEN: Then they lost?
NICKY: Why does it matter?
STEVEN: If they lost tonight, they'll lose tomorrow. It's all over.
NICKY: Why do you care?
STEVEN: They're my team.
NICKY: No. They're not your team. They're my team.
STEVEN: They're my team, too. I grew up on Boyleston Street. Right by Fenway Park. I went to fifty or sixty games a year. All by myself. I was one of those kids with scabby elbows. I called out to the players. `Look over here. Hi, I'm Steven. My parents are divorced.'
NICKY: I went to college in Boston so I could be near the Red Sox. I took summer classes and the cut them to go to the game. My wife is from Boston. Lillian Ziegler?
STEVEN: The Red Sox were my world. I surrendered my existence to a team that couldn't win the big one.
NICKY: If you're such a devoted fan, why were you at the play tonight instead of the game? Answer carefully. This is important. You could have gone to the theater last night. There was no game last night.
STEVEN: Because I can't bear to watch. When they lose, I die inside. It's like some little person named Steve just crumples up and dies. I wait for the scores. I still die, hearing the scores, but it's over in a second. I can't survive the game pitch by pitch, inning by inning. I've done it too many times. And I can't do it anymore.
NICKY: I was six years old the day Pesky hesitated throwing home and Slaughter scored all the way from first. That's when I knew the Red Sox were my team. Pity and terror.
STEVEN: When I traveled through Asia this summer, I went to tremendous trouble and expense to rent a car with a phone so I could call up Sports Phone in New York and get the scores. I drove through the war in Afghanistan calling Sports Phone like every hour on the hour, for updates.
NICKY: What about my play?
LAUREL: Yes. And no more evasive tactics.
STEVEN: It's your best play, Nicky.
LAUREL: See, Daddy.
STEVEN: I've seen it twice. I went back tonight to be sure. It's a brave and honest piece of work.
LAUREL: What else?
STEVEN: An artistry and sensitivity you've never shown before.
NICKY: And you're not saying that because of the gun in my hand?
STEVEN: You're out of bullets.
LAUREL: See, Daddy.
STEVEN: And Peter Redmond helped immensely. These pauses were exquisitely timed. He made us wait and wait. He built a gorgeous tension and suspense.