ROSE: Well, Ill tell you this. I have learned a lesson tonight. I wasn't gonna run around, but when I start botherin' your Daddy and worse robbin' a cradle, I gotta face the facts of life. Tomorrow mornin', I'm gonna get myself up and go out.
BUDDY: You're going to get yourself up and go out?
ROSE: Buddy, Mr. Right is out there somewhere and I'm gonna find him!
MOTHER: Brother, when I have to wake you up at eleven o'clock in the morning you're either sick or you were up very late last night. And you weren't reading Huckleberry Finn. I looked and its not in your room. Now what were you doing?
BUDDY: Mother, I have to tell the truth. I wasn't reading Huckleberry Finn, I was reading one of those Little Dirty Comic Books.
MOTHER: Oh, Brother, I am so disappointed in you. You mustn't look at those horrible things, they degrade the human image.
BROTHER: They're filthy, Mother.
MOTHER: Sex isn't ugly, sex is one of the most beautiful things in life, the creative power of the universe is behind it.
BROTHER: I know, Mother.
MOTHER: But we must respect that power, we must be in awe of it.
BROTHER: I am in awe of it, Mother.
MOTHER: I don't think you are sufficiently in awe of it. Get the castor oil.
BROTHER: Oh, Mother, not the castor oil.
MOTHER: This isn't punishment, I don't believe in punishment. It's for your health. Obviously you're sick if you can act like that.
BUDDY: Mother, cant you make it calomel instead of castor oil?
MOTHER: This is for your own good. When you look at negative, destructive things like those little filthy comic books, you are sick. Here, take this.
BUDDY: Geccch, yehh, guhhhh!
MOTHER: Stop gagging like that and putting on a show, and swallow it.
BUDDY: Uhhh, gahdam stuff!
MOTHER: What did you say, Brother?
BUDDY: I said ahhh-dam stuff.
MOTHER: No, you didn't say that, Brother.
BUDDY: Yes, I did, mother. Your hearing aid isn't working right. I said ahhh-dam stuff.
DOLL: No, Mother, he's lying...
BUDDY: Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your guts
WASKI: He did lie, and... and... and Mother, yesterday he stole money out of your pocketbook!
BUDDY: Quiet, you little muddy-eyed brat, or Ill kill you!
MOTHER: Children, children! Be quiet, all of you! The vibrations in this house are strange today. Where's Rose, anyhow?
BUDDY: She's getting herself up to go out.
MOTHER: What'd you say, Brother?
BUDDY: She's getting herself up to go out. I think she's coming down the hall now.
MOTHER: Oh, yes, it's Thursday. Hello, Rose, dear... ... my, you're... looking pretty...