WW: Uh... It's... uh... generally considered desirable in the publishing business to... ah... take certain license in depicting the cover scene... for... ah... purposes involving the... ah, market place.
LITTLE BILL: Well, Mister Beauchamp... from what I read of this here book, I'd have to say the writin' ain't a whole lot different from the pitcher.
WW: Uh... I can assure you, Mister Daggett... the events described within are based... on the accounts of eye witnesses and...
LITTLE BILL: Meaning the duck himself, I guess.
WW: Duke.
LITTLE BILL: Duck, I says. You have insulted the honor of this beautiful woman
WW: I believe that to be an accurate description of the events, sir... albeit there is a certain poetry to the language which...
LITTLE BILL: Well, Mister Beauchamp, I was at the Blue Bottle Saloon in Wichita the night English Bob killed Corky Corcoran... an' I didn't see you there... nor no woman, nor no twogun shooters nor nothin' like that.
WW: You were there?
LITTLE BILL: First off... Corky didn't carry two pistols, though he should of.
WW: But he was called...
LITTLE BILL: Some folks did call Old Corky Two Gun" but not because he was sportin' two pistols but because he had a dick so big it was longer than the barrel on that Walker Colt he carried. An' the only insultin' he done was stickin' that big dick of his in some French Lady that Old Bob was sweet on... Well
LITTLE BILL: Well, that bullet whizzin' by panicked Corky, an' he done the wrong thing! Pulled his gun in such a damn hurry he shot off his own toe. Meantime, Bob aims good and squeezes off another... but he's so drunk he misses again an' hits the thousand dollar mirror behind the bar. Well, now the Duck of Death is good as dead 'cause this time Corky does right an' aims real good, no hurry...
WW: And?
LITTLE BILL: Bam! That Walker Colt blew up in his hand... which was a failing common to that model. Now if Corky would have really had two guns instead of just a big dick he could have defended himself to the end.
WW: You... you mean... English Bob killed him while...?
LITTLE BILL: Well he wasn't gonna wait for Corky to grow no new hand. He walked over real close, bein' drunk, an' shot him through the liver.