SAM: Call your boss and tell him you're taking the rest of the afternoon off. It's Friday anyway... and hot.
MARY: What do I do with my free afternoon, walk you to the airport?
SAM: We could laze around here a while longer.
MARY: Checking out time is three P.M. Hotels of this sort aren't interested in you when you come in, but when your time's up... Sam, I hate having to be with you in a place like this.
SAM: I've heard of married couples who deliberately spend occasional nights in cheap hotels. They say it...
MARY: When you're married you can do a lot of things deliberately.
SAM: You sure talk like a girl who's been married.
MARY: Sam!
SAM: I'm sorry, Mary. My old Dad used to say 'when you can't change a situation, laugh at it.' Nothing ridicules a thing like laughing at it.
MARY: I've lost my girlish laughter.
SAM: The only girlish thing you have lost.
MARY: Sam. This is the last time.
SAM: For what?
MARY: This! Meeting you in secret so we can be... secretive! You come down here on business trips and we steal lunch hours and... I wish you wouldn't even come.
SAM: Okay. What do we do instead, write each other lurid love letters?
MARY: I haven't time to argue. I'm a working girl.
SAM: And I'm a working man! We're a regular working-class tragedy!
MARY: It is tragic! Or it will be... if we go on meeting in shabby hotels whenever you can find a tax-deductible excuse for flying down deductible here...
SAM: You can't laugh at it, huh?
MARY: Can you?
SAM: Sure. It's like laughing through a broken jaw, but...
SAM: And besides, when you say I make tax- deductible excuses you make me out a criminal.
MARY: You couldn't be a criminal if you committed a major crime.
SAM: I wish I were. Not an active criminal but... a nice guy with the conscience of a criminal. Next best thing to no conscience at all.
MARY: I have to go, Sam.
SAM: I can come down next week.
MARY: No.
SAM: Not even just to see you, to have lunch... in public?
MARY: We can see each other, we can even have dinner... but respectably, in my house with my mother's picture on the mantel and my sister helping me broil a big steak for three!
SAM: And after the steak... do we send Sister to the movies and turn Mama's picture to the wall?
MARY: Sam! No!
SAM: All right.
SAM: Mary, whenever it's possible, tax- deductible or not, I want to see deductible you. And under any conditions. Even respectability.
MARY: You make respectability sound... disrespectful.
SAM: I'm all for it! It requires patience and temperance and a lot of sweating- out... otherwise, though, it's only hard work. But if I can see you, touch you even as simply as this... I won't mind.
SAM: I'm fed up with sweating for people who aren't there. I sweat to pay off my father's debts... and he's in his grave... I sweat to pay my ex-wife alimony, and she's living on the other side of the world somewhere.
MARY: I pay, too. They also pay who meet in hotel rooms.
SAM: A couple of years and the debts will be paid off. And if she ever re- marries, the alimony stops... and then...
MARY: I haven't even been married once yet!
SAM: Yeah, but when you do... you'll swing.
MARY: Sam, let's go get married.
SAM: And live with me in a storeroom behind a hardware store in Fairvale. We'll have a lot of laughs. When I send my ex-wife her money, you can lick the stamps.
MARY: I'll lick the stamps.
SAM: You know what I'd like? A clear, empty sky... and a plane, and us in it... and somewhere a private island for sale, where we can run around without our... shoes on. And the wherewithal to buy what I'd like. Mary, you want to cut this off, go out and find yourself someone available.
MARY: I'm thinking of it.
SAM: How can you even think a thing like that!
MARY: Don't miss your plane.
SAM: Hey, we can leave together can't we?
MARY: I'm late... and you have to put your shoes on.
MARY: Isn't Mr. Lowery back from lunch?
CAROLINE: He's lunching with the man who's buying the Harris Street property, you know, that oil lease man... so that's why he's late. You getting a headache?
MARY: It'll pass. Headaches are like resolutions... you forget them soon as they stop hurting.
CAROLINE: You got aspirins? I have something... not aspirins, but my mother's doctor gave these to me the day of my wedding. Teddy was furious when he found out I'd taken tranquilizers!
MARY: Were there any calls?
CAROLINE: Teddy called. Me... And my mother called to see if Teddy called. Oh, and your sister called to say she's going to Tucson to do some buying and she'll be gone the whole weekend and...