ELSTER: Not what you think. We're very happily married.
SCOTTIE: Then?
ELSTER: I'm afraid some harm may come to her.
SCOTTIE: From whom?
ELSTER: Someone dead.
ELSTER: Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past, someone dead, can enter and take possession of a living being?
SCOTTIE: No.
ELSTER: If I told you I believe that his happened to my wife, what would you say?
SCOTTIE: I'd say you'd better take her to the nearest psychiatrist, psychologist, neurologist, psychoanalyst, or plain family doctor. And have him check you both.
ELSTER: Then you're of no use to me. I'm sorry I wasted your time. Thank you for coming in, Scottie.
SCOTTIE: I didn't mean to be that rough.
ELSTER: No, it sounds idiotic, I know. And you're still the hard-headed Scot, aren't you? Always were. Do you think I'm making it up?
SCOTTIE: No.
ELSTER: I'm not making it up. I wouldn't know how. She'll be talking to me about something, nothing at all, and suddenly the words fade into silence and a cloud comes into her eyes and they go blank... and she is somewhere else, away from me... someone I don't know. I call to her and she doesn't hear. And then with a long sigh she is back, and looks at me brightly, and doesn't know she's been away... can't tell me where... or why...
SCOTTIE: How often does this happen?
ELSTER: More and more in the past few weeks. And she wanders. God knows where she wanders. I followed her one day.
SCOTTIE: Where'd she go?
ELSTER: Watched her come out of the apartment, someone I didn't know... walking in a different way... holding her head in a way I didn't know; and get into her car, and drive out to... Golden Gate Park. Five miles. She sat on a bench at the edge of the lake and stared across the water to the old pillars that stand an the far shore, the Portals of the Past. Sat there a long time, not moving... and I had to leave, to got to the office. That evening, when I came home, I asked what she'd done all day. She said she'd driven to Golden Gate Park and sat by the lake. That's all.
SCOTTIE: Well?
ELSTER: The speedometer of her car showed she had driven 94 miles that day. Where did she go? I have to know, Scottie. Where she goes and what she does, before I got involved with doctors.
SCOTTIE: Have you talked to the doctors at all?
ELSTER: Yes, but carefully. I'd want to know more before committing her to that kind of care. Scottie --
SCOTTIE: I can get you a firm of private eyes to follow her for you. They're dependable, good boys --
ELSTER: I want you.
SCOTTIE: It's not my line.
ELSTER: Scottie, I need a friend! Someone I can trust! I'm in a panic about this!
SCOTTIE: How can I see her, to know her?
ELSTER: We're going to an opening at the opera tonight. We'll dine at Ernie's first. Which is easier?
SCOTTIE: Ernie's.
ELSTER: All right. You won't know what to look for at first, Scottie. Even I, who know her so well, cannot tell, sometimes, when the change has begun. She looks so lovely and normal...