WYNANT: Who's that man?
JULIA: He's not anybody. Just a fellow I used to know.
WYNANT: I thought you'd given up that sort of friend.
JULIA: This is the first time I've seen him in years. I didn't want him to think I was high-hatting him.
WYNANT: I don't like him.
JULIA: Don't worry. You won't see him again. What happened? Did you change your mind about going?
WYNANT: No. I just came back for a second. I wanted to get those bonds.
JULIA: What bonds?
WYNANT: The government bonds. The ones you took from the office safe.
JULIA: Oh yes. Why, you told me to sell them a long time ago.
WYNANT: I'd never tell you to sell those. I bought them for my daughter.
JULIA: Don't you remember....
WYNANT: Now see here, Julia. You're counting a little too much on my being absent-minded. You've been taking a little here and there for some time, and I haven't said anything about it. But this is fifty thousand dollars!
JULIA: Do you realize that you're accusing me of ....
WYNANT: No one else had the combination of that safe. You took them. What did you do with them?
JULIA: What if I did take them? I'm sick and tired of seeing you hand out thousands of dollars to that family of yours....
WYNANT: That's my business.
JULIA: supporting that gang of loafers! There's not one of them that cares a damn for you. A wife who threw you out the first time your foot slipped. They wouldn't raise a hand to help you. And I've given my whole life for you. If you kicked off tomorrow, where'd I be? Out in the gutter! Sure I took those bonds. Who has a better right -- ?
WYNANT: I want that money right now, or I'll hand you over to the police.
JULIA: Go ahead!
WYNANT: They'll be pretty rough with you....with your record.
JULIA: That's a fine thing to throw up to me after all I've been to you....
WYNANT: Hello .... give me .... Well .... ?
JULIA: I'll give it back to you .... all I've got ....twenty-five thousand...
WYNANT: You're going to return every cent of it!
JULIA: I can't! I haven't got it!
WYNANT: What did you do with the rest?
JULIA: I never had it.
WYNANT: Then someone was in with you. Who was it? -- Who was it? I'll answer that -- Hello ... hello ...