SAM: We have a problem.
MRS. CHAMBERS: Let's go out back and have some coca while the men are talking.
LILA: No, thank you. It's my problem, too.
SAM: I don't know where to start... Except at the beginning.
LILA: Yes.
SAM: This is Lila Crane, from Phoenix. She's been here for a few days, looking for her sister. There's a private detective helping... and, well, we got a call tonight, from this detective, saying he'd traced Mary...
MRS. CHAMBERS: Mary is Lila's sister?
SAM: Yes. He traced her to that motel, out on the old highway...
MRS. CHAMBERS: Bates' Motel. He has a mind like a mechanical brain and the more information you feed it... Go on, Sam.
SAM: He traced her there and called us to say he was going to question Mrs. Bates...
MRS. CHAMBERS: Norman took a wife?
SAM: No. An old woman, his mother. That was early this evening. And we haven't seen or heard from him since. I went out to the motel, just got back. No one was in the office, and...
LILA: Will you help us? I think something's wrong out there!
SHERIFF: Now. Your sister is missing how long?
LILA: She left Phoenix a week ago yesterday. And no trace until...
SHERIFF: How'd you and this detective come to trace her to Fairvale?
SAM: They thought she'd be coming to me.
SHERIFF: Left Phoenix under her own steam?
LILA: Yes.
SHERIFF: She ain't missing so much as she's run away.
SAM: Yes.
SHERIFF: From what?
LILA: She stole some money.
SHERIFF: A lot?
LILA: Forty thousand dollars.
SHERIFF: And the police haven't been able to...
SAM: Everyone concerned thought... if they could get her to give back the money... they could avoid involving her with the police.
SHERIFF: Explains the private detective. He traced her to the Bates place. What'd he exactly say when he called you?
LILA: Mary had been there, one night, and had left.
SHERIFF: With the forty thousand dollars?
LILA: He didn't mention the money. What he said on the phone isn't important, is it? He was supposed to come back after he spoke to the mother, and he didn't! That's what I want you to do something about!
SHERIFF: Like what?
LILA: Go out there! Find somebody, ask some questions! I'm sorry if I seem over-anxious to you. I keep thinking... something's wrong. I have to know what!
SHERIFF: I think something's wrong, too, Miss. But not the same thing. I think your private detective is what's wrong. I think he got himself a hot lead as to where your sister was going... probably from Norman Bates... and called you to keep you still while he took off after her and the money.
LILA: He said he was dissatisfied... and was going back.
MRS. CHAMBERS: Why don't you call Norman and let him say just what happened, if he give the man a hot lead and he did just scooted off... it'll make the girl feel better, Albert.
SHERIFF: At this hour?
SAM: He was out when I was there. If he's back he probably isn't even in bed yet.
SHERIFF: He wasn't out when you were there. He just wasn't answering the door in the dead of night... like some people do. This fellow lives like a hermit...
MRS. CHAMBERS: Recluse. Kinder word.
SHERIFF: You must remember that bad business out there. About ten years ago...
SAM: I've only been here five. Right now it feels like ten, but...
LILA: All right! Then call! At least, call!