ANN: John?
JOHN: Mmmmm...
ANN: I called you Tuesday at 3:30 and they said you weren't in. Do you remember where you were?
JOHN: Tuesday. I had a late lunch.
ANN: Did you see a message to call me when you got back in?
JOHN: Yes. I just got busy.
ANN: That's interesting, because I didn't leave a message.
JOHN: Then maybe I saw an old message. There are a lot of them on my desk, you know.
ANN: Who'd you have lunch with?
JOHN: I ate by myself.
JOHN: Something wrong?
ANN: Are you having an affair?
JOHN: Jesus Christ, where'd that come from? I have a late lunch by myself and now I'm fucking somebody?
ANN: Well, are you?
JOHN: No, I'm not. Frankly, I'm offended at the accusation.
ANN: If I'm right, I want to know. I don't want you to lie. I'd be very upset, but not as upset as if I'd found out you'd been lying.
JOHN: There's nothing to know, Ann.
ANN: I can't tell you how upset I would be if you were lying.
JOHN: Ann, you are completely paranoid. Not ten minutes ago I wanted to make love for the first time in weeks, and you act like I'm dipped in shit. You know, I think there are a lot of women that would be glad to have a young, straight male making a pretty good living beside them in bed with a hard on.
ANN: My sister, for one. Is that who it is?
JOHN: For God's sake, Ann, I am not fucking your sister. I don't find her that attractive, for one.
ANN: Is that supposed to comfort me?
JOHN: I was just saying, you know? I didn't get paranoid when you didn't want to make love. I could have easily assumed that you didn't want to because you were having an affair.
ANN: But I'm not.
JOHN: I'm not either!!
ANN: Why don't I believe you?
JOHN: Look, this conversation is utterly ridiculous. Maybe when you have some evidence, we should talk, but don't give me conjecture and intuition.
ANN: Always the lawyer.
JOHN: Goddam right. I mean, can you imagine: Your honor
ANN: You've made your point.
JOHN: I'm sorry. It's just... I'm under a lot of pressure with this Kirkland thing, it's my first big case as junior partner, and I work all day, I come home, I look forward to seeing you, and... it hurts that you accuse me like that.
ANN: I'm sorry, too. I... I get these ideas in my head, you know, and I have nothing to do all day but sit around and concoct these intricate scenarios. And then I want to believe it so I don't think I've wasted the whole day. Last week I was convinced you were having an affair with Cynthia, I don't know why.
JOHN: I don't, either. I mean, Cynthia, of all people. She's so...
ANN: Loud.
JOHN: Yeah. Jeez, give me some credit.
ANN: I didn't say it was rational, I just said I was convinced.
JOHN: Isn't therapy helping at all?
ANN: I don't know. Sometimes I feel stupid babbling about my little problems while children are starving in the world.
JOHN: Quitting your therapy won't feed the children of Ethiopia.
ANN: I know.