RENAULT: I am delighted to see you both. Did you have a good night's rest?
LASZLO: I slept very well.
RENAULT: That's strange. Nobody is supposed to sleep well in Casablanca.
LASZLO: May we proceed with the business?
RENAULT: With pleasure. Won't you sit down?
LASZLO: Thank you.
STRASSER: Very well, Herr Laszlo, we will not mince words. You are an escaped prisoner of the Reich. So far you have been fortunate enough in eluding us. You have reached Casablanca. It is my duty to see that you stay in Casablanca.
LASZLO: Whether or not you succeed is, of course, problematical.
STRASSER: Not at all. Captain Renault's signature is necessary on every exit visa. Captain, would you think it is possible that Herr Laszlo will receive a visa?
RENAULT: I am afraid not. My regrets, Monsieur.
LASZLO: Well, perhaps I shall like it in Casablanca.
STRASSER: And Mademoiselle?
ILSA: You needn't be concerned about me.
LASZLO: Is that all you wish to tell us?
STRASSER: Don't be in such a hurry. You have all the time in the world. You may be in Casablanca indefinitely... or you may leave for Lisbon tomorrow, on one condition.
LASZLO: And that is?
STRASSER: You know the leaders of the underground movement in Paris, in Prague, in Brussels, in Amsterdam, in Oslo, in Belgrade, in Athens.
LASZLO: Even in Berlin.
STRASSER: Yes, even in Berlin. If you will furnish me with their names and their exact whereabouts, you will have your visa in the morning.
RENAULT: And the honor of having served the Third Reich.
LASZLO: I was in a German concentration camp for a year. That's honor enough for a lifetime.
STRASSER: You will give us the names?
LASZLO: If I didn't give them to you in a concentration camp where you had more persuasive methods" at your disposal
LASZLO: And what if you track down these men and kill them? What if you murdered all of us? From every corner of Europe, hundreds, thousands, would rise to take our places. Even Nazis can't kill that fast.
STRASSER: Herr Laszlo, you have a reputation for eloquence which I can now understand. But in one respect you are mistaken. You said the enemies of the Reich could all be replaced, but there is one exception. No one could take your place in the event anything unfortunate should occur to you while you were trying to escape.
LASZLO: You won't dare to interfere with me here. This is still unoccupied France. Any violation of neutrality would reflect on Captain Renault.
RENAULT: Monsieur, insofar as it is in my power --
LASZLO: -- Thank you.
RENAULT: By the way, Monsieur, last night you evinced an interest in Signor Ugarte.
LASZLO: Yes.
RENAULT: I believe you have a message for him?
LASZLO: Nothing important, but may I speak to him now?