BRANDON: If you meant it, you wouldn't show it to me, Betty. Or am I supposed to deliver it to dear Inspector Killaine?
BETTY: Wrote it in the waiting room of the Hudson Bay Store. With somebody's Pekingese trying to climb into my lap. Perhaps you're right. Perhaps I didn't mean it. All I know is that I'm licked.
BRANDON: There's a lot of water between Vancouver and the U.S.A. This note is a suicide note. After you're gone where would they look for you? Why would they look for you? Darkness, and open water, and a fast cabin cruiser. And I have a pocket full of money. And if I helped you, I'd be committing a crime, or so they tell me.
BETTY: That wasn't why I called you. Why did I hope--when I hadn't any right to hope?
BRANDON: How bad is it? Bad enough for--
BETTY: Yes. I've never been very far from it, for a long time. Will you do something for me?
BETTY: Take me where I haven't the courage to take myself.
BRANDON: How bad is the other thing? The secret?
BETTY: I was tried for murdering my husband. Guilty. The judge set the verdict aside. There was one man on the jury-- --but he was afraid. They were all afraid--of my father-in-law. That man followed me last night-- he came from him of course. My father-in-law will never give up. Never. He promised me that. So I came to Vancouver, B.C. As far away as I can get from North Carolina. And it happens all over again. Almost the same thing. Almost the same way. Do you wonder about this--
BRANDON: This is the ace, Betty. But not of spades. They'll find out about the other. They might know already. And when they get this-- What would they look for? Where? Out there somewhere?
BETTY: They'll look for you.
BRANDON: I run over to Victoria. Play some golf with some people I know. Do it all the time. That's why I have a cabin cruiser. Custom- built.Forty knots. Mr Clark Brandon an almost gentleman of almost complete leisure. Member of six golf clubs. Broke 70 once on the Shaughnessy Heights Course. You have to be good to do that, And if you look out of a front window of the Empress Hotel in Victoria, in a few hours you can look right down on Mr. Brandon's boat, the Valkyrie. Came alone? Sure. He always comes alone. Mr Brandon's a rather lonely man.
BETTY: And Betty Mayfield--
BRANDON: Blonde, beautiful, and sad--and nowhere. Of course she might have run away--if she knew how. And where to go. She might have dyed her hair. Bleached it before probably. And changed her name again. But look at this note. And look at her room in the hotel. Her stuff is all there. Hasn't a rag except what she stood up in. You don't run away like that. Not if you are young and beautiful. No chance.
BETTY: But that's what I'm doing. Couldn't they think of that?
BRANDON: If they had any reason to. Why make it tough for themselves? Why go to all that trouble? Here's an open book. Close it. No reason to keep it open. She was a nice girl, anyway. And perhaps she didn't kill him on purpose. Perhaps she didn't kill the other one. You never know. Give her the benefit of the doubt. Leave her stay where she is. Close the book. Finis.
BETTY: Killaine...
BRANDON: The best interference runner we've got. He thinks he's in love with you--and he's a gentleman. Come here, baby.