FOLEY: Chino's gonna wanna talk to me.
BUDDY: He's running for his life, he doesn't give a shit about you.
FOLEY: He's gotta know by now that I gave him up back at Glades. He does, he's gonna try to find me. Maybe go see Adele, see what she knows.
BUDDY: He knows where she lives?
BUDDY: Jack?
FOLEY: We were talking one time, drinking rum. I may've mentioned Adele, how she worked for a magician. Chino got interested. He's like, Yeah? How does he saw the woman in half? He wanted to meet her. Or get a look at her if she ever came to visit.
BUDDY: So call her up. Tell her don't talk to any Cubans.
FOLEY: Her phone's probably tapped.
BUDDY: And you know they're gonna have some people watching the hotel.
FOLEY: Shit.
MARSHALL: Remember, pay attention to how she talks about Foley, her tone. Do it right, she'll tell you things she wouldn't tell Burdon. Tell her you think he's a nice guy. No, first tell her about being in the trunk with him, in the dark for half an hour, and see how she takes it. If she's in on it, what does she get for all the aggravation; cops breathing on her? I bet nothing. So she still likes him enough to stick her neck out. You think that's possible? What kind of guy is he?
KAREN: He's pretty laid back, confident.
MARSHALL: He remind you of that guy, Tillman?
KAREN: Not at all.
MARSHALL: But you know he's dirty and you still wanna see him again.
KAREN: I want to bust his ass, put him in shackles.
MARSHALL: Maybe. But you're also curious about the man. Twice last night you asked your married boyfriend Nicolet about him. You were concerned, but you didn't want to show it.
KAREN: My married boyfriend - setting him up with that news story so you could talk about infidelity. I couldn't believe it.
MARSHALL: You like the wild ones, don't you? Tillman, Nicolet and now Foley. You know, I've always said there's a thin line between the cowboy cops and the armed robbers, all those guys that love to pack.
KAREN: Foley <i>kid</i>napped me.
MARSHALL: Yeah, but you talked all the way from GCI to the turnpike. It sounds more like a first date than a kidnapping.