ATHOS: That must be Raoul! Raoul! Look, d'Artagnan's come to visit...! What's wrong? You look awful!
RAOUL: Michelle, she -- The king has invited her to come live in the palace.
ATHOS: But -- are you sure?
RAOUL: We were at her door. I was just taking the ring from my pocket, for the third time today, when a young Musketeer brought the invitation for her to become a lady-in-waiting for the Queen Mother.
ATHOS: Michelle cannot possibly accept!
RAOUL: She cannot possibly refuse. Her family is poor, they have even less money than we do. And along with the invitation, the King sent the diamond pendant, from the piglet.
ATHOS: Piglet -- ? What are you -- ?
RAOUL: Never mind, Papa, it doesn't matter now. She loved me once. I want to die remembering that.
ATHOS: Die? What...?
RAOUL: I have rejoined the army, and asked to resume my commission at the head of the troops of General Fromberge.
ATHOS: Fromberge...?! At the front?! No.
RAOUL: It is already done. I have just stopped at Mother's grave, to say goodbye, before coming to tell you.
ATHOS: Raoul, no... You cannot do this. No matter how your heart is broken --
RAOUL: Goodbye, father. I am sorry.
ATHOS: Raoul --
ATHOS: This cannot be. Everyone knows the Queen Mother is a recluse, and the ladies-in-waiting are but mistresses for the king!
D'ARTAGNAN: If the young woman truly loves Raoul --
ATHOS: She's a woman, d'Artagnan! From a poor family. You may still be young enough to believe love conquers everything, but I am old and hard and I've seen too much. Even when kings are hunchbacks they have any woman they desire, because power seduces even more than love!
ATHOS: You knew this was happening. You knew and that's why you came.
D'ARTAGNAN: I fear I know our King. I came to try to bring you hope.
ATHOS: What hope is there? A wartime commission cannot be vacated except by the king, and what chance is there of that? Fromberge is on the battle line, and Raoul --
D'ARTAGNAN: I have dispatches a message to Fromberge requesting that Raoul be kept far from the fighting.
ATHOS: Raoul is everything to me.
D'ARTAGNAN: I know.
ATHOS: Oh my friend.
D'ARTAGNAN: I will also speak with the King, for he is surely unaware of the problems his invitation to Mademoiselle Beaufort has caused.
ATHOS: You trust his character more than anyone else does.
D'ARTAGNAN: Raoul is hurrying to the front, so I must hurry too.
ATHOS: Save my son, d'Artagnan.