LEE: He found out his partner, Tan, had been working for the Triads all along. Before my father could prove it, he was killed in the line of duty.
CARTER: How the hell did Tan get away with it?
LEE: All the evidence against him disappeared, the smuggling case was unsolved. Tan resigned and went over to the Triads openly.
CARTER: This is about your Daddy's death? Hell, Lee, you know my father died on the job. You could have told me... This is about more than all that, isn't it? This is about your Daddy's last case, right?
LEE: No, no, that would be crazy --
CARTER: You thought the Customs Agents get blown up" and "smuggling" and "Ricky Tan" and you put it all together and came up with a five year old case. That's why you didn't tell me what we were doing..."
LEE: I thought you'd think it was crazy.
CARTER: IT IS CRAZY!
LEE: I know. I know. I am sorry.
CARTER: So are you getting on the plane or not?!
LEE: What?
CARTER: Come on, we still got time to order the Kosher meal. Always get the kosher meal, they bring it first.
LEE: I cannot go to LA...
CARTER: It sounds impossible --
LEE: You said --
CARTER: -- but if somebody gave me the chance to square up my father's death, I'd go to hell to do it.
CARTER: You want to figure out why they killed your Daddy, get on the plane.
LEE: Why LA?
CARTER: I guess you're going to have to trust me on this one.
LEE: I should go back. Ricky Tan mentioned a boat in Hong Kong Harbor...
CARTER: Lee, let me introduce you to the Carter Theory of Criminal Investigation: Follow the Rich White Man.
LEE: Follow the Rich White Man?
CARTER: Almost, but you've got to say Rich White Man" all run together like it's one word."
LEE: Follow the RichWhiteMan...
CARTER: Not bad. Now every crime, somewhere, has a rich white man taking his cut. Every single one. Now in our case, we know the rich white man is Steven Reign.
LEE: Who?
CARTER: Big hotel billionaire. He was on Ricky Tan's boat ordering Hu Li around just before Ricky got smoked.
LEE: How do you know he's our man?
CARTER: Because when the shooting started he was way too cool. See most white people, when there's shooting, they either hide in a toilet or start screaming high pitched like Aaaahhh!!! Aaaahh!!!!"
LEE: You sound like that all the time.
CARTER: Black people keep their cool when the shit goes down.
LEE: Maybe. But not like Asians. We never panic.
CARTER: Yeah, what about when Godzilla was coming? You people were screaming your asses off.
LEE: Just tell me where I can find this Steven Reign.
CARTER: The same place you find all RichWhiteMen. Gefilte Fish. Lox and bagel. I love this stuff. Here, try it with a smear.
CARTER: Yeah, that's definitely the woman from Ricky Tan's boat, and she's staying in his suite at his hotel, I told you this would work out. They still just talking?
LEE: He just left. Kissed her on the cheek.
CARTER: He'll be back soon.
LEE: How do you know?
CARTER: Look at her. Now, wake me in an hour, I'll take over.
LEE: Carter, there's something I have to tell you. You were right about what you said in Hong Kong. All I do is work. Never take a day off. It's all I have right now.
CARTER: Hey, I didn't mean to call you pathetic.
LEE: The truth is, I haven't had any mu-shu in six months.
CARTER: You pull a muscle or something?
LEE: My fiancee left me over the summer -- a month before our wedding.
CARTER: I'm sorry, Lee. Why did she leave you?
LEE: It's a long story.
CARTER: Let me guess, she couldn't handle the cop thing -- never knowing if you were dead or alive. I've seen it a million times.
LEE: No. It was my singing.
CARTER: Excuse me?
LEE: She hated my voice. Said it drove her crazy. I sang to her all the time - in bed - in the shower - I thought she liked it. She finally told me it was driving her crazy.