ANNE: Freddie?... Freddie, don't look so discouraged.
TREVES: I shouldn't be. We made great progress today. I taught him to repeat a few basic phrases. He did rather well, too, but I had to lead him every step of the way. Though frankly, at times I was unsure of who was leading whom.
ANNE: What do you mean?
TREVES: Well, I wasn't sure whether he was parroting me because that's all he was capable of, or whether he sensed that that's all I wanted to hear, and he was trying to please me.
ANNE: But I thought you said that he was rather... simple?
TREVES: He is. I mean, I've always thought he was. I think he must be. Is he simple? Or is that just something I've wished upon him to make things simpler for myself?
ANNE: Frederick, why are you so interested in this particular case?
TREVES: I don't know. I can't explain it. If this is an intelligent man, trapped in the body of a monster, then I'm under a moral obligation to help free that mind, free that spirit as best I can, to help him live as full and content a life as possible. But! If he's an imbecile, who's body I can't treat and who's mind I can't touch, well, then my obligation is discharged. They can put him where they will; he won't be bothered, I won't be bothered, and everyone's conscience can remain free and untroubled. And that is my dilemma... what is in his mind?
ANNE: Perhaps you're just polishing a stone, endowing this Elephant Man with qualities he doesn't possess?
TREVES: And what qualities are those? Intelligence or stupidity?
ANNE: I'm sure I don't know, Freddie.
TREVES: I'm sorry... I don't know either. I just don't know.
ANNE: Well, these things take time.
TREVES: I've only got until two o'clock tomorrow afternoon, when Carr Gomm meets him. Somehow, between now and then I've got to make John Merrick at least seem like an intelligent man... Why am I fooling myself? Nothing short of John delivering the Sermon on the Mount is going to sway Carr Gomm...
MERRICK: The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want, he maketh me to lie down in green pastures; He leadeth me beside still waters. He restoreth my soul: He Guideth me in the paths of righteousness...
TREVES: Righteousness...
MERRICK: Righteousness for his namesake.
TREVES: Very good, very good. Now, when your visitor comes today I want you to say it exactly the way you said it just now. I will introduce him to you and you will say the words you've learned. If you have any trouble with any of the words, I'll help you. I'm sure you'll be just fine. If you do as well for him as you've done for me these last two days, then I'm sure our visitor will be very pleased. Now, let's go through the whole thing again, shall we? I will say May I introduce you to Mr. Carr Gomm." And you will say..."
MERRICK: Hello, my name is John Merrick. I am very pleased to meet you!
TREVES: It's only a physical problem. He has trouble with certain sounds because of the constrictive deformity of the mouth. But he can talk, and has a great eagerness to make contact with people who will let him. So if you have any difficulty understanding what he is saying, just tell me and I'll make it clear.
CARR: Speaking is one thing, Treves, but can the man comprehend?
TREVES: ...As I said, it's only a physical problem... but I do feel that Mr. Merrick is very flattered that you're taking the time and trouble to meet him, and he's most anxious to make a good impression, so he might seem rather nervous.
CARR: He needn't. I have no desire to cause him any discomfort. Did you make those inquiries we spoke about?
TREVES: Yes, I spoke to both the British Home and Royal Hospital for Incurables. I'm afraid that they weren't very encouraging, but they said they'd bring it up at their next committee meeting, so we should have their answers shortly.
CARR: Fine, fine. You know, your dedication to this patient is an inspiring thing, Treves. But you must remember that this is a hospital, and there are many patients here. Patients who can be made well, and you owe them your first consideration. Just don't become so obsessed, old man, that you begin to neglect them.