DELBANCO: I've run on. Forgive me. We're here to talk about you.
MUMFORD: Are we?
SHEELER: What Ernest means, I think, is we're very interested in other methodology... different kinds of training. We're great believers in learning from each other. I've learned so much from Ern -- Dr. Delbanco...
DELBANCO: ...And I from Phyllis.
SHEELER: So... the University of Kentucky. Who runs the program down there?
MUMFORD: My mentor was an amazing teacher named Benton Mandlebaum. Died quite tragically in the collapse of a gazebo.
DELBANCO: I think I've heard of him... a disciple of Rothberg, wasn't he?
MUMFORD: It's possible. I don't know about that.
SHEELER: I suppose your extended training was at an institution in that area?
MUMFORD: Lots of institutions. My graduate advisor believed we should experience as many environments as possible -- prisons, clinics, half-way houses. For a while I was chief therapist in a shopping mall. Had a little spot next to the yogurt place.
DELBANCO: Interesting approach. What was his name?
MUMFORD: Dorothy Fowler. Fantastic woman. She passed last year in a train wreck. Damned Amtrak.
SHEELER: I trained in the east, myself -- Cornell -- and I don't care what anyone says, there really are regional differences. I found the state certification exams out here quite harrowing... Did you?
MUMFORD: Oh, yeah, very tough. But I guess that's good... to keep out the quacks.
SHEELER: Which examiner did you have? I probably know him.
MUMFORD: Wallace Franklin... from Greensburg.
SHEELER: That was a terrible thing.
MUMFORD: I don't even know why hang-gliding is considered a legitimate sport.
DELBANCO: We're interested in any new therapies. How would you characterize your approach?
MUMFORD: My approach?
SHEELER: Yes... your particular approach.
MUMFORD: I don't have one really. Most of the time I'm faking it. See, I think there's not much that can be done about most problems... they're too complicated, too deep-rooted by the time I hear about them. The most I can do, usually, is look and listen real closely, try to catch some glimpse of the secret life everybody's got. If I can get a sense of that, well then, maybe... just maybe, I can help them out a little.