BRUCE: I don't know. This makes me feel funny.
BURNS: Why shouldn't I make Hildy my beneficiary? I've got nobody else to leave it to.
BRUCE: I feel I ought to take care of her.
BURNS: Well, you'll take care of her. After all, if that doctor's right, I'm going to live for a long time yet. Look, Bruce, this is a debt of honor. I was a very bad husband: Hildy could have got a lot of alimony if she'd wanted to, but she wouldn't take any. She had it coming to her, but she was too independent.
BRUCE: Well, I'm independent, too.
BURNS: Figure it this way: I ought to be good for twenty-five years. By that time, you'll probably have made enough so that the money won't mean anything. But suppose you haven't made good -- don't you think Hildy's entitled to a quiet old age without any worries?
BRUCE: Well, of course, if you put it that way.
BURNS: And remember this, Bruce! I love her, too.
BRUCE: I'm beginning to realize that.
BURNS: And the beauty of it is she'll never have to know 'till I've passed on. Maybe she'll think kindly of me --- after I'm gone.
BRUCE: Gee, you almost make me feel like a heel -- coming between you.
BURNS: No, Bruce, you didn't come between us. It was all over for her before you came on the scene. For me -- it'll never be over.
DUFFY: Here's that certified check, Walter. I drew out my wife's savings, and if this isn't back by 5:30 I'm a ruined man!
BURNS: Don't worry, Duffy, you'll have it back by five. Thanks, Duffy. Stick around.
BURNS: Well, Bruce, here you are -- certified and everything.
BRUCE: Certified! I'm afraid Hildy'd feel ashamed to think she hadn't trusted you.
BRUCE: Well, she'll know some day.
BURNS: That's all I ask. Oh, wait a minute.
BURNS: Don't want to forget this, you know. Might start to rain again.
BRUCE: Thanks. I'll phone Hildy right away to get that story.
BURNS: Well, anyway, I know Hildy's getting a good man.
BRUCE: Thanks a lot.
BURNS: Well, I got to get back. You can find your way out, can't you?
BRUCE: Oh, sure. Well, thanks for everything.
BURNS: Don't thank me. I should thank you. So long.
BRUCE: So long.
HILDY: I don't know why you boys are so good to me.
MCCUE: Your poker's improved a lot, Hildy. Lend me two bucks, will you?
HILDY: Nothing doing. I'm playing for keeps.