JEFFREY: Yeah, how did you know?
SANDY: I just know, that's all. I remember you from Central.
JEFFREY: Oh yeah?
SANDY: You were pretty popular. Didn't you run for some office?
JEFFREY: Yeah I did. treasurer. Shouldn't you be studying or something.
SANDY: Am I bothering you?
JEFFREY: No. You're not bothering me. You a senior?
SANDY: Yes.
JEFFREY: How is Central these days?
SANDY: Terrible. boring.
JEFFREY: What else is new?. right?
SANDY: Yeah. What are you doing now?
JEFFREY: I'm home from school. My father's in the hospital.
SANDY: That's too bad.
JEFFREY: What do you know about the ear?. anything?
SANDY: Didn't my father tell you not to talk about it?
JEFFREY: Come on. you brought it up. Do you know anything?
SANDY: I don't really know much but bits and pieces . I hear things. My room is right above my father's office. The ear. there's no corpse in the morgue missing an ear, and it did come off a living person. That's direct from the Coroner's Office. The person is unknown. There are a couple of cases I get mixed up on, but I think there are some people who were brought in for questioning on a murder case that could have something to do with the ear. I heard some of the same names.
JEFFREY: Do you know who was brought in for questioning?
SANDY: There were at least three, maybe four. But a name that keeps coming up is this woman who lives in an apartment building very close to your house and also close to the field where you found the ear. There's also a business man over by the Franklin factory district that was questioned. and a musician. and some others.
JEFFREY: Were all these people questioned this afternoon?
SANDY: No. this has been going on for some time . several months. About six months ago some parts of bodies were found down by the river. They were from people who were reported missing. They never found one complete body. only parts.
JEFFREY: The ear is from a missing person maybe?
SANDY: Maybe so.
JEFFREY: It's a strange world isn't it? Do you know what building the woman lives in?
SANDY: Yeah. It's close by. that's what's creepy. They've had her under surveillance for a couple of months, except I don't know what they've found out because my father isn't in charge of her.
JEFFREY: I guess you have to get back home soon?
SANDY: Not really, why? You want to see the building?. Come on, I'll show you.
SANDY: That's the building. She lives on the Seventh Floor. Don't stop to look long . the police are watching.
JEFFREY: Where are they?
SANDY: I don't know. you're not supposed to see them. They're supposed to see you.
JEFFREY: Did they find out anything when they questioned her?
SANDY: I don't know. like I said, she's not my father's case.
JEFFREY: Oh yeah. What about those other people? . Anything?
SANDY: My father is watching the businessman. The businessman had a partner who disappeared. left his whole business and family, his wife and two kids. They think he's been murdered.
JEFFREY: You really do hear a lot, don't you?
SANDY: Yeah, I guess so. What are you going to do now that you're home?
JEFFREY: I have to help out in my father's hardware store. they're giving me sort of my own hours for a while. which is nice.
SANDY: Still, it must be kinda rough.
JEFFREY: It's not bad. but it's bad enough. it's a lot worse for my father. I used to know a kid who lived there and who had the biggest tongue in the world.
SANDY: What happened to him?
JEFFREY: I don't know. he moved away.
SANDY: I've gotta go in.
JEFFREY: Thanks for the tour. It was nice talking to you.