MANOLO: This is fucking crazy. Instead of killing us, he sends us on a suicide mission. Do you know who Frankie Flowers is? He's a psycho-cokehead- hitman. A faggot. He's killed fucking who knows how many people. You'd need half the force to get close to him. And you can't get their help because he lives in fucking San Diego.
JAVIER: Then I guess I'm going by myself.
ROBERT: What's it like? Imagine you're being accosted by a swarm of beggars in the heart of Calcutta, except the beggars are wearing $1500 suits and they don't say please" or "thank you.""
CAROLINE: What about legalizing everything? Has anybody talked about that?
ROBERT: Fine -- legalization. Okay, forgetting all of our international trade agreements, legalize everything today. The Government inserts itself into all drug transactions. The U.S. becomes a giant pharmacy. Our borders are mobbed, lines of people from here to Europe wanting to smoke, snort and shoot themselves into oblivion.
BARBARA: Like a Grateful Dead Concert.
ROBERT: Drugs begin pouring out of America into every other country in the world. Canada is completely overwhelmed.
CAROLINE: What if every country legalized at the same time?
ROBERT: Somehow, I don't see that happening.
BARBARA: So you know we put the case before the arbitration panel, none of whom had any expertise. Superfund is just one of those words. People stop paying attention.
ROBERT: That's frustrating.
BARBARA: It's so frustrating.
CAROLINE: Did you meet the President?
BARBARA: Honey, your father knows the President.
ROBERT: As it happens, the President of the United States, my new boss, the leader of the free world, has me penciled in for some face time"."
CAROLINE: Will we get invited to the White House?
ROBERT: I don't know.
CAROLINE: How long's the job?
ROBERT: It's a presidential appointment so... until I quit or get fired.
BARBARA: Czar for life, just like a real czar.
CAROLINE: That makes mom the Czarina. I'm a Czarette. Like Anastasia.
CAROLINE: None of my friends can fucking believe my dad is the actual Drug Czar.
BARBARA: Caroline --
CAROLINE: Sorry, but I mean, come on.