MARY: You know, Ma, why the Squire came to see Jabez?
MA STONE: Yes, Mrs. Slossum told me -- Lucy can't even keep a secret -- Selectman -- my son -- well, who would have thought of that?
JABEZ: You could have knocked me down with a feather -- Selectman -- me.
MARY: I'll never get my washing done.
JABEZ: That's one thing I want to talk to you about, Mary.
MARY: Yes, Mr. Selectman!
JABEZ: I'm serious.
MARY: It's very becoming to you, Mr. Selectman.
JABEZ: But it's not very becoming to you to have your hands in the suds -- when the Squire and his wife --
MARY: But Jabez -- the washing has to be done --
JABEZ: Well -- that's the last time -- we'll have servants to do it.
MARY: No, no. I don't want to be idle.
JABEZ: And I don't want to have a washwoman for a wife.
MA STONE: Well, son, I'm glad to see a Stone come up in the world again.
JABEZ: Now look here, Ma. I'm not a boy anymore. I want that understood. I don't aim to stay a one-horse farmer the rest of my life. Mary's got to be the kind of wife a -- a big man needs --
MARY: Jabez -- once you said we'd never change --
JABEZ: I wasn't used to being big -- wasn't used to thinking in big ways. Now, I've made up my mind.
HANK: Howdy, Jabez.
JABEZ: Howdy, Hank.
HANK: Kin you spare a moment for me Jabez?
JABEZ: Why, of course, Hank -- I've always got time for a neighbor. What's on your mind?
HANK: Well -- here's how it is ...Tom Sharp, Eli Higgins and a couple of others been talking to me about -- that new sort of organization -- grange they call it. What you think about it?
JABEZ: I don't know -- don't seem much of an idea to me.
HANK: Yes, but what does a farmer do if he don't want to get roped in some more by them loan sharks?
JABEZ: Oh -- you don't have to go to Miser Stevens while I'm around.
HANK: Don't I? ... Say, that's mighty white of you, Jabez.
JABEZ: Not at all, Hank ... not at all. Glad to help you.
HANK: Thanks, Jabez -- I really wouldn't need very much ... if you could let me have some seed to start off with enough for spring planting ...