EDIE: Were you really a prize fighter?
TERRY: I went pretty good for a while, didn't I, Al? But— I didn't stay in shape— and— —I had to take a few dives.
EDIE: A dive? You mean, into the water?
TERRY: Naw, in the ring, a dive is-
EDIE: Now what are you doing?
TERRY: Describing you. A square from out there. I mean you're nowhere. Miss Four Corners.
EDIE: What made you want to be a fighter?
TERRY: I had to scrap all my life. Figured I might as well get paid for it. When I was a kid my old man got killed—never mind how. Charley and I was put in a place—they called it a Children's Home. Some home! I run away and peddled papers, fought in club smokers and— But what am I runnin' off at the mouth for? What do you care?
EDIE: Shouldn't we care about everybody?
TERRY: What a fruitcake you are!
EDIE: Isn't everybody part of everybody else?
TERRY: Gee, thoughts! Alla time thoughts! You really believe that drool?
EDIE: Terry!
TERRY: Want to hear my philosophy? Do it to him before he does it to you.
EDIE: Our Lord said just the opposite.
TERRY: I'm not lookin' to get crucified. I'm lookin' to stay in one piece.
EDIE: I never met such a person. Not a spark of romance or sentiment or— or human kindness in your whole body.
TERRY: What do they do for you, except get in your way?
EDIE: And when things get in your way— or people —you just knock them aside— get rid of Them— is that your idea?
TERRY: Listen— get this straight— don't look at me when you say them things. It wasn't my fault what happened to your brother. Fixing Joey wasn't my idea... .
EDIE: Why, Terry, who said it was?
TERRY: Well, nobody, I guess. But that Father Barry, I didn't like the way he kept lookin' at me.
EDIE: He was looking at everybody the same way. Asking the same question.
TERRY: Yeah, yeah... . This Father Barry, what's his racket?
EDIE: His— racket?
TERRY: You've been off in daisyland, honey. Everybody's got a racket.
EDIE: But a priest...?
EDIE: You don't believe in anything, do you?
TERRY: Edie, down here it's every man for himself. It's keepin' alive! It's standin' in with the right people so you can keep a little loose change jinglin' in your pocket.
EDIE: And if you don't?
TERRY: If you don't Keep your neck in and your nose clean and You'll never have no trouble down here.
EDIE: But that's living like an animal—