JOSEPH: Mozart, are you aware I have declared the French play of Figaro unsuitable for our theatre?
MOZART: Yes, Sire.
JOSEPH: Yet we hear you are making an opera from it. Is this true?
MOZART: Who told you this, Majesty?
JOSEPH: It is not your place to ask questions. Is it true?
MOZART: Well, yes, I admit it is.
JOSEPH: Would you tell me why?
MOZART: Well, Majesty, it is only a comedy.
ORSINI-ROSENBERG: What you think, Mozart, is scarcely the point. It is what His Majesty thinks that counts.
MOZART: But, Your Majesty -
JOSEPH: Mozart, I am a tolerant man. I do not censor things lightly. When I do, I have good reason. Figaro is a bad play. It stirs up hatred between the classes. In France it has caused nothing but bitterness. My own dear sister Antoinette writes me that she is beginning to be frightened of her own people. I do not wish to see the same fears starting here.
MOZART: Sire, I swear to Your Majesty, there's nothing like that in the story. I have taken out everything that could give offense. I hate politics.
JOSEPH: I think you are rather innocent, my friend. In these dangerous times I cannot afford to provoke our nobles or our people simply over a theatre piece.
MOZART: But, Majesty, this is just a frolic. It's a piece about love.
JOSEPH: Ah, love again.
MOZART: But it's new, it's entirely new. It's so new, people will go mad for it. For example, I have a scene in the second act - it starts as a duet, just a man and wife quarreling. Suddenly the wife's scheming little maid comes in unexpectedly - a very funny situation. Duet turns into trio. Then the husband's equally screaming valet comes in. Trio turns into quartet. Then a stupid old gardener - quartet becomes quintet, and so on. On and on, sextet, septet, octet! How long do you think I can sustain that?
JOSEPH: I have no idea.
MOZART: Guess! Guess, Majesty. Imagine the longest time such a thing could last, then double it.
JOSEPH: Well, six or seven minutes! maybe eight!
MOZART: Twenty, sire! How about twenty? Twenty minutes of continuous music. No recitatives.
VON SWIETEN: Mozart -
MOZART: Sire, only opera can do this. In a play, if more than one person speaks at the same time, it's just noise. No one can understand a word. But with music, with music you can have twenty individuals all talking at once, and it's not noise - it's a perfect harmony. Isn't that marvelous?
VON SWIETEN: Mozart, music is not the issue here. No one doubts your talent. It is your judgment of literature that's in question. Even with the politics taken out, this thing would still remain a vulgar farce. Why waste your spirit on such rubbish? Surely you can choose more elevated themes?
MOZART: Elevated? What does that mean? Elevated! The only thing a man should elevate is - oh, excuse me. I'm sorry. I'm stupid. But I am fed up to the teeth with elevated things! Old dead legends! How can we go on forever writing about gods and legends?
VON SWIETEN: Because they do. They go on forever - at least what they represent. The eternal in us, not the ephemeral. Opera is here to ennoble us. You and me, just as much as His Majesty.