GEORGE: Well, I - I really don't know what to say. Except that you must be completely mad.
CONWAY: So you think I'm mad?
GEORGE: What else can I think after a tale like that? Good heavens, Bob, things like that don't happen today. We're living in the twentieth century.
CONWAY: So you think it's all nonsense, huh?
GEORGE: I think you've been hypnotized by a lot of loose-brained fanatics. Why, I wouldn't believe it if I heard it in an English monastery. Why should I swallow it here in Tibet? How do you know the things they told you are true? Did they show you any proof?
CONWAY: I don't need any proof.
GEORGE: I knew there was a reason I hated this place. I'd give half my life to fly over it with a load of bombs just for what they've done to you. How do you know the things they told you are true? Did they show you any proof? All this talk about the Lamas being hundreds of years old. How do you know? Did you see their birth certificates? I can't believe it, Bob. A bunch of decrepit old men sit around and dream about reforming the world. And you, Bob Conway - two-feet-on- the-ground Conway - want to join them. It's horrible.
CONWAY: Is that all my story meant to you?
GEORGE: What else could it mean to me? It's obviously a lot of bunk.
CONWAY: Then you'd better go, George. This is no place for you.
GEORGE: It's no place for you, Bob. Think of what's waiting for you. Do you want to stay here until you're half dead? Until your mind starts corroding like the rest of them?
CONWAY: Please, George. I don't want to talk about it anymore.
GEORGE: You've got to talk about it. What about me? You said they stole that plane to bring you here. I didn't want to come. You owe me some responsibility.
CONWAY: I'm tired of owing you things. You're free to go. Go ahead.
GEORGE: It's that girl - that girl has twisted and turned—
CONWAY: Enough! Never mind the girl! Well, why don't you go?
GEORGE: Look here, Bob, Ever since I can remember, you've looked after me. Now I think you're the one that needs looking after. I'm your brother, Bob. If there's something wrong with you, let me help you.
CONWAY: Oh, George . . .
GEORGE: Besides, I - I don't feel like making that trip alone, Bob.
CONWAY: George, you couldn't possibly stay here, could you?
GEORGE: I'd go mad!
CONWAY: George, I may be wrong, I may be a maniac. But I believe in this, and I'm not going to lose it. You know how much I want to help you, but this is bigger, stronger if you like than brotherly love. I'm sorry, George. I'm staying.
GEORGE: Well, I can't think of anything more to say. Goodbye, Bob.
CONWAY: George, are you sure of the porters? About their taking care of you, I mean?
GEORGE: Oh yes. It's all set. Maria made the arrangements.
CONWAY: Maria?
GEORGE: Yes, the little Russian girl.
CONWAY: What's she got to do with it?
GEORGE: She's going with me.