KAREN: You'll break your neck on that ice.
LLOYD: What a way to die - trying to get an actress to the theater in time. Tell Max I want to be buried with royalties...
KAREN: Don't joke about such things.
MARGO: How fortunate that I have an understudy so ready, so willing and so able to go on.
LLOYD: The audience will want its money refunded, believe me.
MARGO: Thank you, Lloyd. Godspeed.
KAREN: He always looks so pathetic whenever he does anything physical-
MARGO: It seems to me that walking, for most people, is not very dangerous.
KAREN: I just never think of Lloyd as anywhere but indoors and anything but sitting down.
MARGO: Be brave. He'll come back - with or without gas.
MARGO: Do you want it on?
KAREN: It doesn't matter.
MARGO: I detest cheap sentiment.
MARGO: Karen. I haven't been pleasant this weekend.
KAREN: We've all seemed a little tense lately...
MARGO: Come to think of it, I haven't been very pleasant for weeks. For that, I'm truly sorry. More than any two people I know, I don't want you and Lloyd to be angry with me...
KAREN: We're never deeply angry, we just get sore. The way you do. We know you too well...
MARGO: So many people - know me. I wish I did. I wish someone would tell be about me...
KAREN: You're Margo. Just - Margo.
MARGO: And what is that? Besides something spelled out in light bulbs, I mean. Besides something called temperament, which consists mostly of swooping about on a broomstick creaming at the top of my voice... infants behave the way I do, you know. They carry on and misbehave - they'd get drunk if they knew how - when they can't have what they want. When they feel unwanted and insecure - or unloved.
KAREN: What about Bill?
MARGO: What about Bill?
KAREN: He's in love with you.
MARGO: More than anything in this world, I love Bill. And I want Bill. I want him to want me. But me. Not Margo Channing. And if I can't tell they apart - how can he?
KAREN: Why should he - and why should you?
MARGO: Bill's in love with Margo Channing. He's fought with her, worked with her, loved her... but ten years from now - Margo Channing will have ceased to exist. And what's left will be... what?
KAREN: Margo. Bill is all of eight years younger than you.
MARGO: Those years stretch as the years go on. I've seen it happen too often.
KAREN: Not to you. Not to Bill.
MARGO: Isn't that what they always say?
MARGO: I don't suppose the heater runs when the motor doesn't?
KAREN: Silly, isn't it? You'd think they'd fix it so people could just sit in a car and keep warm...
MARGO: About Eve. I've acted pretty disgracefully toward her, too.
KAREN: Well...
MARGO: Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to... well, to the fact that she's so young - so feminine and helpless. To so many things I want to be for Bill... funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted... and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman... ... slow curtain. The end.
KAREN: Margo. Margo, I want you to know how sorry I am about this...
MARGO: About what?
KAREN: This. I can't tell you how sorry I am!
MARGO: Don't give it another thought, one of destiny's many pranks. After all, you didn't personally drain the gasoline out of the tank...