STEVE: Come on, admit it. K worried you, didn't he? He always worried you. In 1942, he's thirty-four years old, you're already fifty-six. And Goebbels and Goering keep saying to you, 'If you don't do it, little K will.' Never mind art and politics and symbols and airy-fairy bullshit about liberty, humanity and justice because I don't care how great you are. It's the oldest story in the book, The ageing Romeo jealous of the young buck. The real reason you didn't leave the country when you knew you should have was that you were frightened that, once you were out of the way, you'd be supplanted by the Miracle Kid, the Party's boy twice over, flashy, talented little K.
FURTWÄNGLER: This is absolute nonsense!
STEVE: Well, I'm just beginning to develop my theme. Isn't that what you call it in classical music, developing your theme? Okay, so they played on your insecurity. That's human, understandable. But, there is one guy who doesn't like little K as much as he likes you - yeah, the number one man your old pal, Adolf. He thinks you're the greatest, and when he says, I want Wilhelm for my birthday, boy, they better go out get Wilhelm. So, Josef calls and threatens you with little K. And you said to hell with the Ninth in Vienna, I'll give it to Adolf as a birthday present in Berlin. That's the trick they played, they got you by the balls and they squeezed. Hard. Why did you stay? Why did you play for them? Why were you the flag-carrier for their regime? Jealousy?
FURTWÄNGLER: Of course there was a conspiracy against me, a campaign - even abroad.
STEVE: You see, Wilhelm, I'm talking about ordinary, everyday reasons. Which is why I want to discuss your private life. How many illegitimate children do you have?
DAVID: Major, I don't see how this line of questioning could...
STEVE: David, what are you Counsel for the Defence now? Did you hear the question?
FURTWÄNGLER: I have illegitimate children.
STEVE: What?
FURTWÄNGLER: I said I have illegitimate children. I don't know how many.
STEVE: You like the women, don't you, Wilhelm?
STEVE: Isn't it true that before every concert you got a woman in your dressing room and gave her the old conductor's baton, isn't that true?
DAVID: Major, this is deeply offensive and repugnant!
STEVE: You bet.
DAVID: and totally irrelevant.
STEVE: Not so, Counsellor. That secretary of yours, she wasn't just your secretary, she procured women for you, didn't she? As many and as often as you wanted.
FURTWÄNGLER: Stop this, please, stop this now!
STEVE: No, I'm not going to stop it. Hitler himself offered you a beautiful house and a personal bomb shelter.
FURTWÄNGLER: I absolutely refused the house and the bomb shelter.
STEVE: But you see what I'm getting at? You get a gorgeous house, you're highly paid. What are you gonna do, stay or leave? One voice comes back at me: stay!
DAVID: Major, that's not a good argument. If Dr. Furtwängler did indeed enjoy all these... these privileges, he enjoyed them because of who he is and what he is. That's true of any leading artist in any country in the world.
STEVE: But it still doesn't make them saints. They still have to get up and piss in the middle of the night, don't they? They can still be vindictive and envious and mean just like you and me. Well, just like me. Can't they?
STEVE: Okay, Wilhelm, go home now. Go home and think about these past twelve years.
FURTWÄNGLER: I don't understand what you mean.
STEVE: No, that's your problem, Wilhelm. You understand nothing. We'll call you. Go!