SEYMOUR: What did you tell that girl?
ENID: I told her you were a big record executive and you were thinking of signing that band to your label.
SEYMOUR: Jesus...
SEYMOUR: Now I remember why I haven't gone anywhere in months. I'm not even in the same universe as those creatures back there. I might as well be from another planet.
ENID: We just need to figure out a place where you can meet somebody who isn't a total idiot, that's all.
SEYMOUR: Look, I really appreciate your help, Enid, but let's face it, this is hopeless.
ENID: It's not hopeless...
SEYMOUR: Yeah, well it's simple for everybody else - give 'em a Big Mac and a pair of Nikes and they're happy! I just can't relate to 99.9% of humanity.
ENID: Yeah, well, I can't relate to humanity either, but I don't think it's totally hopeless...
SEYMOUR: But it's not totally hopeless for you... I've had it. I don't even have the energy to try anymore. You should make sure you do the exact opposite of everything I do so you don't end up like me...
ENID: I'd rather end up like you than those people at that stupid bar... At least you're an interesting person... at least you're not exactly like everybody else...
SEYMOUR: Hooray for me.
SEYMOUR: I'm not sure I have anything to drink... there might be some --
ENID: It doesn't matter, I'm not staying long... I just want to make sure I convince you not to give up yet.
SEYMOUR: Yet.""
ENID: Wow, this is so cool...
SEYMOUR: If you don't mind my asking -- why do you care so much if I get a date or not?
ENID: I dunno... because I can't stand the idea of a world where a guy like you can't get a date...
ENID: What the fuck, Seymour?! What is this?
SEYMOUR: What?... Oh that... I borrowed that from work about fifteen years ago... I guess it's mine now.
ENID: What, are you a klansman or something?
SEYMOUR: Yeah, right, I'm a klansman - thanks a lot!... Do you know the Cook's Chicken franchise?
ENID: Four-piece Cook's special deep fried with side n' slaw it's OUT RAY-GEOUS"!"
SEYMOUR: Yeah, well Cook's" is just a made up name. When they originally opened back in 1922 they were named "The Coon Chicken Inn" -- that's an early painting of their first logo."