JENNY: What's this now?
JACK: I bring you the only treasure worthy of your loveliness... for naught else in the universe rivals the reflected glory of your beauty.
JENNY: Well spoke, boy. You have discerning taste for one so young... Just who might you be?
JACK: They call me Green Jack, ma'am.
JENNY: Come closer then, Jack, that I might give you proper thanks.
JACK: Your fair smile be thanks enough. Better I stand afar to admire your beauty complete.
JENNY: Think me fair, do you, Jack?
JACK: The moon herself would hide behind a cloud rather than dare comparison with you...
JENNY: The moon is too round of face, methinks.
JACK: The sight of you makes flowers seem like dross. All the heavenly angels must envy your grace.
JENNY: I like well your conceit, Jack. Tis rare to find an honest lad in this troubled world.
JACK: Aye. And it is the trouble befallen us that brings me here. I entreat you to tell me the cause of our surrounding sorrow, most lovely of the lovely.
JACK: Dear lad, what does winter bespeak but death? It is a time of mourning. This calamity is a curse. Something wondrous and beautiful has been taken from the world.
JACK: A unicorn's been slain. The last stallion in all the country.
JENNY: Why then, there thou hast. We be lucky worse has not befallen us.
JACK: Here be the death weapon; the unicorn's blood dry upon it.
JENNY: Couer de Noir! A demon if the Devil ever made one.
JACK: He chopped off the horn and left the rest to rot.
JENNY: That would be the Baron's way. There'll be no light or life in the world until the alicorn is taken from him and he vanquished.
JACK: How do I get the horn back?
JENNY: You'll need the fastest steed alive, for Couer de Noir's castle rests at the very edge of the earth. Only the sharpest sword and the golden armor of Achilles will protect you from his fury.
JACK: Where do I find the Baron's castle?
JENNY: Follow the raven in her flight, Follow old black wing to the edge of night...
JACK: Not very precise directions.
JENNY: Come sit beside me, sweet boy, and I'll draw you a map.
JACK: Nay. Tempting as your invitation be. Tell me one thing more.
JENNY: Ask away, sweet man.
JACK: What became of the princess?
JENNY: Princess? I know of no princess.
JACK: Princess Lili, Godwin's daughter. She was with me when calamity struck, but after I could find no trace of her.
JENNY: Is she fair, this princess?
JACK: Exceeding fair.
JENNY: As fair as me?
JACK: Twould be to compare one star with another in the summer sky.
JENNY: She's dead!
JACK: No!
JENNY: Dead, dead, dead.
JACK: I don't believe you.
JENNY: Far as you're concerned she's dead, believe it or not.
JACK: This is sad news, be it true.
JENNY: Don't be sad, Jack, not with me here to give you cheer.
JACK: Tis not the time to speak of cheer.
JENNY: You'll visit again?
JACK: As a hummingbird returns to the fairest blossom.
JENNY: What a fine meal you'd make, be the rest of you sweet as your tongue.
JACK: The princess is dead.
GUMP: Lamentable news, Jack... but tis the fate of the living concerns us now.
JACK: Did you hear? Twas the killing of the unicorn caused it.
GUMP: Aye. Black Baron's mischief.
JACK: If the horn be restored the curse is ended.
GUMP: Time for a champion. Can you do more than pick acorns and rob bird's nests, Jack?
JACK: I'll do what I have to do, for Princess Lili's sake!
GUMP: Bravely spoke. You've the heart of a champion, true enough.
JACK: Twill take more than heart. Where do we find the armor of Achilles, for a start?
GUMP: I know where to find it. Taking possession be another matter.
GUMP: There it be, lad. The Lindfarne Mound. Kings long forgotten lie there, lost in their final sleep.
JACK: Have we turned grave-robber, then?
GUMP: A tomb it once was, boy, and a tomb it may yet be... There's another in residence at Lindfarne now.
JACK: And who might that be?
GUMP: No less a creature than the Lindfarne Worm.
JACK: So I'm to be a dragon-slayer, is that it?
GUMP: Now, Jack-lad, no one's asking ye to skewer the worm. Even St. Michael'd have a job on his hands for all that. But the serpent hoards a pile of booty, Achilles' armor among his treasures... if we find our way within the mound and him asleep...
JACK: Knaves and robbers...
GUMP: Better pray the worm's a sound sleeper, Jack.
JACK: You do the praying. I've work ahead.
GUMP: There's the spirit, lad. If ye run into trouble, give a yank here and we'll haul ye up.
JACK: What's left of me... How do I recognize the armor of Achilles?
GUMP: You'll know it when you see it... tis a splendid sight, all covered with gold... Don't fear making noise. Dragons be deaf as tree stumps.
OONA: Courage, Jack.
JACK: I pray God grants it me.