STELLA: I knew it!
JEFF: Don't you ever heat that stuff up.
STELLA: Gives your circulation something to fight. What kind of trouble?
JEFF: Lisa Fremont.
STELLA: You must be kidding. A beautiful young woman, and you a reasonably healthy specimen of manhood.
JEFF: She expects me to marry her.
STELLA: That's normal.
JEFF: I don't want to.
STELLA: That's abnormal.
JEFF: I'm not ready for marriage.
STELLA: Nonsense. A man is always ready for marriage -- with the right girl. And Lisa Fremont is the right girl for any man with half a brain, who can get one eye open.
JEFF: She's all right.
STELLA: Behind every ridiculous statement is always hidden the true cause. What is it? You have a fight?
JEFF: No.
STELLA: Her father loading up the shotgun?
JEFF: Stella!
STELLA: It's happened before, you know! Some of the world's happiest marriage have started 'under the gun' you might say.
JEFF: She's just not the girl for me.
STELLA: She's only perfect.
JEFF: Too perfect. Too beautiful, too talented, too sophisticated, too everything -- but what I want.
STELLA: Is what you want something you can discuss?
JEFF: It's very simple. She belongs in that rarefied atmosphere of Park Avenue, expensive restaurants, and literary cocktail parties.
STELLA: People with sense can belong wherever they're put.
JEFF: Can you see her tramping around the world with a camera bum who never has more than a week's salary in the bank? If only she was ordinary.
STELLA: You're never going to marry?
JEFF: Probably. But when I do, it'll be to someone who thinks of life as more than a new dress, a lobster dinner, and the latest scandal. I need a woman who'll go anywhere, do anything, and love it.
JEFF: The only honest thing to do is call it off. Let her look for somebody else.
STELLA: I can just hear you now. Get out of here you perfect
JEFF: That's the hard part.
STELLA: Look, Mr. Jefferies. I'm not educated. I'm not even sophisticated. But I can tell you this -- when a man and a woman see each other, and like each other -- they should come together -- wham like two taxies on Broadway. Not sit around studying each other like specimens in at bottle.
JEFF: There's an intelligent way to approach marriage.
STELLA: Intelligence! Nothing has caused the human race more trouble. Modern marriage!
JEFF: We've progressed emotionally in --
STELLA: Baloney! Once it was see somebody, get excited, get married -- Now, it's read books, fence with four syllable words, psychoanalyze each other until you can't tell a petting party from a civil service exam
JEFF: People have different emotional levels that --
STELLA: Ask for trouble and you get it. Why there's a good boy in my neighborhood who went with a nice girl across the street for three years. Then he refused to marry her. Why? -- Because she only scored sixty-one on a Look Magazine marriage quiz!
STELLA: When I married Myles, we were both maladjusted misfits. We still are. And we've loved every minute of it.
JEFF: That's fine, Stella. Now would you make me a sandwich?
STELLA: Okay -- but I'm going to spread some common sense on the bread. Lisa Fremont's loaded to her fingertips with love for you. I'll give you two words of advice. Marry her.
JEFF: She pay you much?