MORAN: A murder.
BRENNA: You better have a warrant. That's my notebook, you've got no right to be sticking your fingers into it.
MORAN: I've got a morgue filling up with bodies. That's my right.
BRENNA: What do you want from me?
MORAN: Well, the man of the hour that we all would like to talk to about now has apparently skipped town. And all of a sudden the Smithsonian's ambulence chaser is an expert on missing persons.
BRENNA: I'm calling an attorney.
MORAN: You and I should talk first.
BRENNA: We've got nothing to say.
MORAN: What are you going to tell them? That you're protecting a man who's killed four people?
BRENNA: Four?
MORAN: All fashionably without heads.
BRENNA: Spare me the details.
MORAN: But there's more. Wednesday someone played javelin with the cemetary curator in Felton, Delaware. Some locals spotted two cars with D.C. plates and surprise surprise, they turn out to be registered to our own Brenna Cartwright and the ever popular Richard Taupin.
BRENNA: What are you getting at, Moran?
MORAN: You've been a busy little beaver. Especially with that records mess up in Church Hill. Your notes are very complete. Naturally my feelings were crushed when you didn't rush right over and tell us what you knew. In fact, we're considering book- ing the ambulence chaser as an accessory to murder.
BRENNA: It'll never stick.
MORAN: But we might just give it the 'ole college try. What with the court back ups, it could be days before you got an arraignment. But then, I'm sure the flunk-out neice of the D.A. knows all about that.
BRENNA: You're an asshole, Moran.
MORAN: I want Taupin.
BRENNA: What makes you so sure he's the one?
MORAN: Just for laughs we raided wonder boy's house. There was a gallon of one of the corpse's blood in his carpet. I think it was about then I withdrew his name for humanitarian of the year.
BRENNA: What's all of this got to do with me?
MORAN: What were you doing in Felton?
BRENNA: Research. If your pal was there I never saw him.
MORAN: I have witnesses that can put the two of you together.
BRENNA: Never take up poker, Detective.
MORAN: Don't be stupid, lady. Your neck can be sliced as fast as anyone else's.