JOEY: You want us to wait for you?
JAKE: No, take her home. I wanna be alone for a while. Everybody go.
JAKE: I just weighed myself -- I'm 161. No more deals like this Janiro bullshit. I didn't tell you to do it in the first place.
JOEY: Jake, you're the one who said you could get down to 155! What did I do, pull it out of the fuckin' hat?
JAKE: Well, sometimes you shouldn't listen to me! Now I don't know if I can make it down to 155. I'm having trouble making 160, and without telling me, you sign me for a fight at 155 pounds, and if I don't make 155, I forfeit $15,000! You're supposed to know what you're doin'. You're supposed to be a manager!
JOEY: You want the title shot?
JAKE: Say what you're gonna say.
JOEY: You want the title shot or not?
JAKE: Say what you gotta say. Don't be a smart ass.
JOEY: This Janiro's an up-and-coming fighter, this kid you gotta knock out. Knockout this fuckin' kid! I'm telling you, this is your step towards getting a shot at the title. Listen to me: I'm telling you. You been killin' yourself for three years. There's nobody left -- they're afraid to fight you. This Janiro's up-and- coming. He don't know. Fuckin' tear him apart, wipe him out! What are you worried about? Your weight? Look, even if you lose they're gonna think you're weak; they're gonna think you're not the fighter you used to be. They'll match you with guys they were afraid to match you with before, and then you'll kill them and you'll get your title shot. And if you beat this kid Janiro, they gotta give you a shot at the title because there's nobody else. Either way you win and you do it on your own -- just like you want it. All right?
VICKIE: Joey's right. Janiro's up-and coming, he's good looking...
JAKE: What do you mean, good looking?""
VICKIE: Well, he's popular. A lotta people like Janiro. You beat him and it only figures they'll wanna see you get a title shot. But, what do I know? I should keep my mouth shut, I should...
JAKE: Who asked you?
VICKIE: But, Jake, I was just...
JAKE: Who asked you?
VICKIE: I was just...
JAKE: Who asked you?