ELLIE: Darn clever, these Armenians.
PETER: Yeah. Yeah, it's a gift.
ELLIE: I just had the unpleasant sensation of hearing you referred to as my husband.
PETER: Oh, I forgot to tell you. I registered as Mr. and Mrs.
ELLIE: Oh, you did? What am I expected to do—leap for joy?
PETER: I kind of half expected you to thank me.
ELLIE: Your ego is colossal.
PETER: Yeah. Yeah, not bad. How's your's?
ELLIE: Compared to you, my friend, Shapeley's an amateur. Whatever gave you an idea you can get away with this! You're positively the most conceited—
PETER'S VOICE: Hey, wait a minute! Let's get something straightened out right now. If you've any peculiar ideas that I'm interested in you, forget it. You're just a headline to me.
ELLIE: A headline? You're not a newspaper man, are you?
PETER: Chalk up one for your side. Now listen, you want to get to King Westley, don't you? All right, I'm here to help you. What I want is your story, exclusive. A day-to- day account. All about your mad flight to happiness. I need that story. Just between you and me I've got to have it.
ELLIE: Now isn't that just too cute? There's a brain behind that face of yours, isn't there? You've got everything nicely figured out, for yourself, including this.
PETER: This? Oh, that's a matter of simple mathematics. These cabins cost two bucks a night and I'm very sorry to inform you, wifey dear, but the family purse won't stand for our having separate establishments.
ELLIE: Well, thank you. Thank you very much, but— you've been very kind.
PETER: Oh, yeah? It's all right with me. Go on out in the storm, but I'm going to follow you, see? Yeah. And if you get tough I'll just have to turn you over to your old man right now. Savvy? Now that's my whole plot in a nutshell. A simple story for simple people. Now if you behave yourself, I'll see that you get to King Westley; if not, I'll just have to spill the beans to papa. Now which of these beds do you prefer? This one? All right.
ELLIE: That, I suppose, makes everything—uh—quite all right.
PETER: Oh, this?—I like privacy when I retire. I'm very delicate in that respect. Prying eyes annoy me. Behold the walls of Jericho![4] Maybe not as thick as the ones that Joshua blew down with his trumpet, but a lot safer. You see, I have no trumpet. Now just to show you my heart's in the right place, I'll give you my best pair of pajamas.
PETER: Do you mind joining the Israelites?
ELLIE: You're not really serious about this, are you?
PETER: All right, don't join the Israelites. Perhaps you're interested in how a man undresses. Funny thing about that. Quite a study in psychology. No two men do it alike.