ADDISON: Claudia dear, come closer. This is Max Fabian. He is a producer. Go do yourself some good.
MISS CASWELL: Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits?
ADDISON: Because that is what they are. Go make him happy.
ADDISON: You mustn't worry about your little charge. She is in safe hands.
MARGO: Amen.
MARGO: Liebestraum.""
PIANIST: I just played it.
MARGO: Play it again.
PIANIST: But that was the fourth straight time.
MARGO: Then this will be five. I suppose you think I'm too drunk to count.
PIANIST: No. You're just crazy about Liebestraum.""
MARGO: Liebestraum.""
PIANIST: Look, Miss Channing... it's kind of depressing. If you don't mind my saying so, everybody's kind of dying on the vine...
MARGO: My dear Horowitz. In the first place, I'm paying you union scale. Second, it's my piano. Third, if everybody doesn't like kind of dying on the vine, they can get off the vine and go home. Liebestraum.""
BILL: Many of your guests have been wondering when they may be permitted to view the body. Where has it been laid out?
MARGO: It hasn't been laid out, we haven't finished with the embalming. As a matter of fact, you're looking at it. The remains of Margo Channing. Sitting up. It is my last wish to be buried sitting up.
BILL: Wouldn't you feel more natural taking a bow?
MARGO: You know nothing about feelings, natural or unnatural.
BILL: Then without feeling, your guests were also wondering whether the music couldn't be a shade more on the - shall we say, happier side?
MARGO: If my guests do not like it here, I suggest they accompany you to the nursery where I'm sure you will all feel more at home.
MAX: Margo. You by any chance got bicarbonate of soda in the house?
MARGO: Poor Max. Heartburn? It's that Miss Caswell. I don't know why she doesn't give Addison heartburn.
BILL: No heart to burn.
MARGO: Everybody has a heart - except some people. Of course I've got bicarb. There's a box in the pantry. We'll put your name on it. Max Fabian. It'll say there. Always. Just for you.
MAX: Let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck. It's friends that count. And I got friends.
MARGO: I love you, Max. I really mean it. I love you. Come to the pantry.