BILL: I'm lost, boss. What are we saying here?
JIM: We're saying that when Oswald went to Russia, he was not a real defector, that he was an intelligence agent on some kind of mission for our government and he remained one till the day he died, that's what we're saying.
BILL: And therefore because Oswald pulled the trigger, the intelligence community murdered their own commander in chief. That's what you're saying!
JIM: I'll go you one better! Maybe Oswald didn't even pull the trigger, Bill. The nitrate test indicates he didn't even fire a rifle on November 22nd. And on top of that, they didn't even bother to check if the rifle had been fired that day.
BILL: He had his palm print on the weapon.
JIM: It went to the goddamn FBI and they didn't find a goddamn thing. It comes back a week later and one guy in the Dallas police department suddenly finds a palm print which for all I know he could've taken off Oswald at the morgue. There's no chain of evidence, Bill. And what about the tow guns actually seen in the Depository? One an Enfield photographed by a newsman and the other a Mauser, described by Deputy Weitzman... Maybe, just maybe, Lee Oswald was exactly what he said he was Bill - a patsy". Take it at face value. Lou
BILL: But why?
JIM: To frame him, obviously. You got to get in your minds how the hell spooks think, Bill! They're not ordinary crooks.
LOU: I never could figure out why this guy orders a traceable weapon to that post office box when you can go into any store in Texas, give a phony name and walk out with a cheap rifle which can never be traced.
JIM: Unless he or someone else wants him to get caught. Maybe he never ordered the weapon, Lou. Somebody else did. It was picked up at the post office early morning when Oswald's time sheet shows him clocked in at his job. Lou, come alive. These things are not adding up.
BILL: I still have to question what the legal basis is that supports this, boss. Susie's stuff is colorful, but...
JIM: Let's start making some assumptions about the man. Why would he leave a path as big as Lee Harvey Oswald's? This is not a thin trail, gentlemen, it is a very wide one. Who found the evidence? Who set him up? Lou, Bill, Susie, I want you to go back and check all the sightings of Oswald in Dallas, New Orleans and Mexico in the summer and fall of '63 - see if it's the same guy.
AL: Boss, Oswald impersonators? Sounds like James Bond now.
JIM: Al, you can't tell a mink from a coonskin unless you see the fur up close. Goddamn, Sam! If we don't start reading between the lines here! Y'all gotta start thinking on a different level - like the CIA does. We're through the looking glass. Here white is black and black is white.
BILL: What do you think, Lou?
LOU: I'm just an investigator, Bill. I leave the theories to you lawyers.
BILL: You, Numa?