DR. MAXWELL: I think I do. I've often talked a little voodoo to get medicine down a patient's throat.
MRS. RAND: It's more than that, Doctor. I've entered into their ceremonies - pretended to be possessed by their gods...
RAND: That isn't true. You never understood her.
MRS. RAND: That night, I went to the Houmfort. I kept seeing Jessica's face -- smiling -- smiling because two men hated each other -- because she was beautiful enough to take my family in her hands and break it apart. The drums seemed to be beating in my head. The chanting -- the lights -- everything blurred together. And then I heard a voice, speaking in a sudden silence. My voice. I was possessed. I said that the woman at Fort Holland was evil and that the Houngan must maker her a Zombie.
DR. MAXWELL: And what happened then, Mrs. Rand?
MRS. RAND: I hated myself. I kept saying to myself over and over again that these people had no power; they had no strange drugs; that there is no such thing as a Zombie.
DR. MAXWELL: Ah -- that's where reason took hold.
MRS. RAND: Yes, I said it, and I made myself believe it. But when I got here, Jessica was already raging with fever.
DR. MAXWELL: Two things had happened, Mrs. Rand. One was that your daughter-in-law had been taken ill with a fever. The other thing -- completely disconnected -- was that you had wished her ill, because she had hurt your sons.
MRS. RAND: But I had no thought of harming her. It wasn't I...
DR. MAXWELL: You were possessed. That is true -- possessed by your subconscious mind. You were in the Houmfort, surrounded by their symbols. To them, nothing worse can happen to a person than to be made into a Zombie. Your subconscious mind used their own words for evil.
HOLLAND: Dr. Maxwell is right, Mother.
DR. MAXWELL: Emotion tricks all of us, Mrs. Rand. And you are a woman with a very strong conscience. That conscience has been tormenting you. The rest is coincidence. There is no such thing as a Zombie. The dead do not come back to life. Death is final.