LUKE: There's still good in him.
BEN: I also thought he could be turned back to the good side. It couldn't be done. He is more machine now than man. Twisted and evil.
LUKE: I can't do it, Ben.
BEN: You cannot escape your destiny.
LUKE: I tried to stop him once. I couldn't do it.
BEN: Vader humbled you when first you met him, Luke... but that experience was part of your training. It taught you, among other things, the value of patience. Had you not been so impatient to defeat Vader then, you could have finished your training here with Yoda. You would have been prepared.
LUKE: But I had to help my friends.
BEN: To be a Jedi, Luke, you must confront and then go beyond the dark side - the side your father couldn't get past. Impatience is the easiest door - for you, like your father. Only, your father was seduced by what he found on the other side of the door, and you have held firm. You're no longer so reckless now, Luke. You are strong and patient. And now, you must face Darth Vader again!
LUKE: I can't kill my own father.
BEN: Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope.
LUKE: Yoda spoke of another.
BEN: The other he spoke of is your twin sister.
LUKE: But I have no sister.
BEN: Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the reason why your sister remains safely anonymous.
LUKE: Leia! Leia's my sister.
BEN: Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They do you credit. But they could be made to serve the Emperor.
LUKE: But you can't let her get involved now, Ben. Vader will destroy her.
BEN: She hasn't been trained in the ways of the Jedi the way you have, Luke... but the Force is strong with her, as it is with all of your family. There is no avoiding the battle. You must face and destroy Vader!
HAN: Well, look at you, a general, huh?
LANDO: Oh, well, someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the battle of Taanab.