JOHN: We're not gonna make it, are we? People, I mean.
TERMINATOR: It is in your nature to destroy yourselves.
JOHN: Yeah. Drag, huh?
SARAH: I need to know how Skynet get built. Who's responsible?
TERMINATOR: The man most directly responsible is Miles Bennet Dyson, Director of Special Projects at Cyberdyne Systems Corporation.
SARAH: Why him?
TERMINATOR: In a few months he creates a revolutionary type of mircoprocessor.
SARAH: Then what?
TERMINATOR: In three years Cyberdyne will become the largest supplier of military computer systems. All stealth bombers are upgraded with Cyberdyne computers, becoming fully unmanned, Afterward, the fly with a perfect operational record.
SARAH: Uh huh, great. Then those fat fucks in Washington figure, what the hell, let a computer run the whole show, right?
TERMINATOR: Basically. The Skynet funding bill is passed. The system goes on-line August 4th, 1997. Human decisions are removed from strategic defense. Skynet begins to learn, at a geometric rate. It becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. eastern time, August 29. In a panic, they try to pull the plug.
SARAH: And Skynet fights back.
TERMINATOR: Yes. It launches its ICBMs against their targets in Russia.
SARAH: Why attack Russia?
TERMINATOR: Because Skynet knows the Russian counter-strike will remove its enemies here.
SARAH: Jesus. How much do you know about Dyson?
TERMINATOR: I have detailed files.
SARAH: I want to know everything. What he looks like. Where he lives. Everything.
TARISSA: You going to work all day?
DYSON: I'm sorry, baby. This thing is just kicking my ass. I thought we had it with this one...
DYSON: ... but the output went to shit after three seconds. I'm thinking now it's the way I'm matrixing the command hierarchies...
TARISSA: You need a break. You'll see it clear when you come back.
DYSON: I can't
TARISSA: Miles, it's Sunday. You promised to take the kids to Raging Waters today.
DYSON: Oh. I can't, honey. I'm on a roll here.
DYSON: Baby, this thing is going to blow 'em all away. It's a neural-net process --
TARISSA: I know. You told me. It's a neural-net processor. It thinks and learns like we do. It's superconducting at room temperature. Other computer are pocket calculators by comparison. But why is that so goddamn important, Miles? I really need to know, 'cause I feel like I'm going crazy here, sometimes.
DYSON: I'm sorry, honey, it's just that I'm thiiis close.
DYSON: Imagine a jetline with a pilot that never makes a mistake, never gets tired, never shows up to work with a hangover. Meet the pilot.
TARISSA: Why did you marry me, Miles? Why did we have these two children? You don't need us. Your heart and your mind are in here. But it doesn't love you like we do.