IPPOLITO: This huge police presence tonight isn't necessary, Lieutenant. You'll just scare people off. I can handle the security behind scenes with this system. It's state of the art.
D'AGOSTA: The cops are non-negotiable, Ippolito. Why don't you just tell me how this space station works.
IPPOLITO: It's fool proof, basically. I designed this whole thing myself. Every valuable object in the Museum carries a small electronic chip. If anything's moved so much as an inch, we get an alarm pinpointing the exact location of the attempted theft.
D'AGOSTA: That's great if you're stopping a burglar. Not our goal here. Are there motion detectors?
IPPOLITO: In every exhibition room. The museum's divided into five cells. The reception and exhibit are in cell five. We could arm the motion detectors in cells one to four, then seal the perimeter with our fire doors.
D'AGOSTA: That would leave one exit for hundreds of people. You'd be violating every fire regulation on the books. We'll guard the perimeter with my men and engage the motion detectors in the other cells. One more question. I see a big hole. If this entire thing is run by computer, what happens if the power fails?
IPPOLITO: You don't know much about computers, Lieutenant. There are safeguards built in. We have back-up systems with redundancies. There's no way these computers can fail.
FROCK: I can't help thinking there's something that Pendergast overlooked. If the scratches were made by whatever killed Beauregard, it wants something that's in here.
MARGO: A blow dart. Seed pods. A plant press. Pretty unimpressive stuff.
FROCK: Let me see the plant press.
MARGO: What is it?
FROCK: I'm not sure. As you know, the Kothoga lived outside civilization on the tepui for thousands of years. Species flourished in isolation when man and pollution rendered them extinct. This could be one of the last remaining samples of an unknown plant.
MARGO: Whatever it is, it must be common on the tepui. John used it as packing material.
FROCK: You're right.