JUDD: I know the others -- Redi, Fallon, Leo, Bruns. But I would never have guessed it of you, Natalie.
MRS. CORTEZ: One believes -— it's like any other religion...
JUDD: I'd hardly describe It that way —- The worship of evil is a pretty dreadful and special thing.
MRS. CORTEZ: It seems right to us.
JUDD: I know the theory behind the movement. If one believes in good one believes in evil. If one believes in God, one must believe in the devil. And an intelligent person can make his own choice —— that's it, isn't it?
MRS. CORTEZ: Because you are intelligent -- that's why they sent me to you --
JUDD: I think I can give you a more practical reason for your kind invitation. I know too much. I was Jacqueline's psycho-analyst.
MRS. CORTEZ: I always thought it was a more intimate relationship.
JUDD: Perhaps, Natalie, this is a bargain you're offering me --I am being allowed to join -- to buy safety by betraying Jacqueline -- is that it?
MRS. CORTEZ: I haven't said anything of the sort.
JUDD: But you would like to know where she is?
MRS. CORTEZ: Yes. There are certain punitive measures...
JUDD: I can imagine. But you did say you came to me as my friend --that you were concerned for me.
MRS. CORTEZ: I'm afraid you have mistaken my motive, Louis. I thought you might understand and sympathize.
JUDD: I have no sympathy for either good or evil. I have only curiosity -- a professional curiosity. What unhappy people most of you are!
MRS. CORTEZ: Are we?	I thought I was very gay.
JUDD: A gay lot -— Redi, for instance. I don't know what her sorrow is,	but her life's an empty one. She's had to have this to cling to. Frances Fallon, with her worship of Jacqueline, has had to follow like a sheep. And Bruns, the fanatic. And you...
MRS. CORTEZ: I was a great dancer...
JUDD: A strange collection. You're like the false god you worship... fallen angels, all of you.
MRS. CORTEZ: Life has betrayed us. We've found there is no heaven on earth, so we must worship evil for evil's own sake. We're not wicked. We commit no violence, unless...
JUDD: Unless what?
MRS. CORTEZ: No, you draw no secrets from me, as you drew them from Jacqueline. You are not one of us yet. You're clever, Louis, but I recognize your interest in me for what it is worth. You are only curious. You have never loved a woman who had but one arm.
JUDD: It would be a charming experience. She might only protest half as much.
MRS. CORTEZ: You're very flippant and perhaps wise, but not wise enough to see the truth, Louis.