PAUL: It's 1942, right? And he's caught in Leningrad during the siege. I'm talking about one of the worst moments in human history. Five hundred thousand people died in that one place, and there's Bakhtin, holed up in an apartment, expecting to be killed any day. He has plenty of tobacco, but no paper to roll it in. So he takes the pages of a manuscript he's been working on for ten years and tears them up to roll his cigarettes.
RASHID: His only copy?
PAUL: His only copy. I mean, if you think you're going to die, what's more important, a good book or a good smoke? And so he huffed and he puffed, and little by little he smoked his book.
RASHID: Nice try. You had me going for a second, but no ... no writer would ever do a thing like that. Would he?
PAUL: You don't believe me, huh? Look, I'll show you. It's all in this book.
RASHID: I don't know.
PAUL: Is it yours?
RASHID: Yeah, it might be.
PAUL: Here, catch.
PAUL: So you're saying it wasn't like that at all.
RASHID: Not exactly. I mean, there was more to it than I told you.
PAUL: Christ. You didn't just see what happened. They dropped the package on the ground and you picked it up.
RASHID: Yeah, I picked it up.
PAUL: And started to run.
RASHID: And started to run.
PAUL: Good thinking.
RASHID: That's just it. I didn't think. I just did it.
PAUL: You have one hell of a knack for getting into trouble, don't you? So how much does it come to?
RASHID: Six thousand dollars. Five thousand eight hundred and fourteen dollars, to be exact.
PAUL: So you robbed the robbers, and now the robbers are after you.
RASHID: That's it. In a nutshell.
PAUL: Yeah, well, you have to be nuts to do what you did. If you want my opinion, you should give this money back to the Creeper. Just give it back and tell him you're sorry.
RASHID: No way. There's no way I'm giving that money back. It's my money now.
PAUL: A lot of good it will do you if the Creeper finds you.
RASHID: That money is my whole future.
PAUL: Keep up with that attitude, and you won't have a future. Seventeen is a hell of an age to die. Is that what you want?
AUGGIE: I'll be back in about an hour. Watch the register while I'm gone, okay?
RASHID: Sure thing. See you later.