JORDAN: The family paid the ransom and he was returned two days later. His father still hasn't gotten up the nerve to ask him if they fucked him up the ass.
SAMUEL: And now every mother with money in Mexico City wants bigger and better bodyguards. My own wife included.
JORDAN: If she pisses you off, you get another one.
SAMUEL: Do you know what she told me last night?
LISA: A man's worth can be judged by what he has or what he owes. Only the amount matters.
SAMUEL: And bankruptcy. Where will that put me in the social strata?
LISA: I'm only asking for one thing. And it's not an extravagance. It's not even for me; it's for our daughter.
SAMUEL: Our daughter.
LISA: Our child's safety is at stake.
SAMUEL: These people are professionals. They don't waste their time taking children whose fathers are virtually bankrupt.
LISA: Samuel, it is not something we should skimp on. A bodyguard's presence in the car or outside the school was at least some form of deterrent. Now he's gone, I feel totally exposed.
SAMUEL: Of course I care about Pinta. She'll be as beautiful as her mother one day.
JORDAN: Yeah? And if she was ugly?
JORDAN: All my clients have kidnap and ransom insurance.
SAMUEL: I have a policy, AIG. It covers me and my family and when it runs out in sixty days, without a bodyguard, I will not be able to renew it.
JORDAN: I know you need to please Lisa. An ass like that is hard to find. Good bodyguards are even harder.
SAMUEL: I know! I just had to let one go because I couldn't afford him!
JORDAN: You need a bodyguard of some description. It's a dangerous world we live in. But you will get what you pay for. He doesn't need to be Superman, does he? Can you go fifteen grand?
SAMUEL: For a year?
JORDAN: For a few months. Hire someone cheap. You have to have a bodyguard to keep the insurance. Then fire him for incompetence. The important thing is Lisa's daughter will return to school.
SAMUEL: And Lisa will be able to save face. We won't be the only family without a bodyguard.
JORDAN: Her beauty fucks with your mind.
SAMUEL: For an American she understands this country very well.
JORDAN: She understands men.
CUSTOMS: [Where are you coming from?]
CREASY: [South America.]
CUSTOMS: [Where are you staying in Mexico?]
CREASY: [I'm on to Juarez.]
CUSTOMS: [Why?]
CREASY: [I have a friend there.]