SAM: Just out of curiosity, how did they get our address?
JONAH: They called and asked for it. Dear Sleepless in Seattle. You are the most attractive man I've ever laid ears on.""
SAM: How did they get our phone number?
JONAH: You have to give them your phone number or they won't let you go on the air.
JONAH: Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I am an SWF"-- What is that?"
SAM: Thank God. Something you don't know. It's a single white female.
JONAH: This is no good. She's looking for someone French. Or Greek. Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I live in Tulsa." Where is that? --"
SAM: Oklahoma. Do you know where that is?
JONAH: Somewhere in the middle.
SAM: I'm not going to think about what they're not teaching you in school. I am not going to think about it. Generally speaking I think we should rule out people who don't live somewhere near here --
JONAH: She's willing to fly anywhere.
SAM: She looks like my third grade teacher. I hated my third grade teacher. Hold it! Wait a minute! She <u>is</u> my third grade teacher!
JONAH: Dad, you're not taking this seriously.
SAM: This is not how you do it. You want this on an English muffin or a bun?
JONAH: English muffin. How do you do it?
SAM: You see someone you like, you get a feeling about them, you ask them if they want to have a drink or --
JONAH: -- a slice of pizza --
SAM: But not dinner necessarily on the first date because by the time you're halfway through dinner you might be sorry you asked them to dinner whereas if it's just a drink, if you like them you can always ask them for dinner but if you don't you can go home if you see what I mean. I wonder if it still works this way.
JONAH: It doesn't. They ask you.
SAM: I'm starting to notice that.
JONAH: If you get a new wife, I guess you'll have sex with her, huh?
SAM: What do you think?
JONAH: Will she scratch up your back?
SAM: What?
JONAH: In the movies women are always scratching up guy's back and screaming and stuff. When they're having sex.
SAM: Whose show was this on?
JONAH: Jed's got cables.
SAM: Go to sleep.