PAUL: Anybody home?
HAROLD: As a matter of fact--
PAUL: Sir?
HAROLD: As a matter of fact--I am home.
PAUL: Hello.
HAROLD: Hello.
PAUL: Are you--
HAROLD: You were about to ask a question?
PAUL: Are you--do you--
HAROLD: Ask it!
PAUL: Do you know who Wanda June is?
HAROLD: Life has denied me that thrill.
PAUL: Do you mind if I ask who you are?
HAROLD: Mind? God, yes, I mind. I'm your father's friend. A man claiming to be the family physician let me in a while ago.
PAUL: Dr. Woodly.
HAROLD: Dr. Woodly. I should make a little list.
PAUL: Is anybody besides you here now?
HAROLD: The doctor was called away on an emergency. I think it was birth.
PAUL: Where's Mom?
HAROLD: You don't know where your mother is? Does she put on a short skirt and go drinking all night?
PAUL: She went to the fight with Herb Shuttle, I guess.
HAROLD: You think you could find me a pencil and paper?
PAUL: I'll see.
HAROLD: And you've been roaming the streets while your mother is God-knows-where?
PAUL: I was going to a funny movie, but I changed my mind. If you're depressed, laughing doesn't help much. When did you know my father?
HAROLD: Man and boy.
PAUL: Everybody says he was so brave.
HAROLD: Even this--Herb Shuttle"
PAUL: He worships Father.
HAROLD: Ah! And what sort of man is this worshiper?
PAUL: He's a vacuum cleaner salesman.
HAROLD: I see. And he came into the apartment one day, to demonstrate his wares, and your mother, as it happened, was charmingly en deshabille--
PAUL: She met him at college.
HAROLD: College!
PAUL: They were in the same creative writing class.
HAROLD: College?
PAUL: She has a master's degree in English literature.
HAROLD: What a pity! Educating a beautiful woman is like pouring honey into a fine Swiss watch. Everything stops. And the doctor? He worships your father, too?
PAUL: He insults him all the time.
HAROLD: Excellent!
PAUL: What's good about that?
HAROLD: It makes life spicy.
PAUL: He doesn't do it in front of me, but he does it with Mother. You know what he called Father one time?
HAROLD: No.
PAUL: Harold
HAROLD: What does he do--of an athletic nature?
PAUL: Nothing. He plays a violin in a doctors' quartet.
HAROLD: Aha! He has a brilliant military record, I'm sure.
PAUL: He was a stretcher-bearer in the Korean War. Were you in a war with Father?
HAROLD: Big ones, little ones, teeny-weeny ones--just and otherwise.
PAUL: Tell me some true stories about Dad.
HAROLD: Dad?" Dad. The boy wants tales of derring-do. Name a country."
PAUL: England?
HAROLD: Oh hell.
PAUL: Dad was never in England?
HAROLD: Behind a desk for a little while. A desk! They had him planning air raids. A city can't flee like a coward or fight like a man, and the choice between fleeing and fighting was at the core of the life of Harold Ryan. There was only one thing he enjoyed more than watching someone make that choice, and that was making the choice himself. Ask about Spain, where he was the youngest soldier in the Abraham Lincoln Brigade. He was a famous sniper. They called him La Picadura"--"the sting.""
PAUL: The sting.""
HAROLD: As in Death
PAUL: The sting.""
HAROLD: Ask about the time he and I were parachuted into Yugoslavia to join a guerrilla band--in the war against the Nazis.
PAUL: Tell me that.
HAROLD: I saw your father fight Major Siegfried von Konigswald, the Beast of Yugoslavia, hand to hand.
PAUL: Tell me that! Tell me that!
HAROLD: Hid by day--fought by night. At sunset one day, your father and I, peering through field glasses, saw a black Mercedes draw up to a village inn. It was escorted by two motorcyclists and an armored car. Out of the Mercedes stepped one of the most hateful men in all of history--the Beast of Yugoslavia.
PAUL: Wow.
HAROLD: We blacked our hands and faces. At midnight we crept out of the forest and into the village. The name of the village was Mhravitch. Remember that name!
PAUL: Mhravitch.
HAROLD: We came up behind a sentry, and your father slit his throat before he could utter a sound.
PAUL: Uck.
HAROLD: Don't care for cold steel? A knife is worse than a bullet?
PAUL: I don't know.
HAROLD: The story gets hairier. Should I stop?
PAUL: Go on.
HAROLD: We caught another Kraut alone in a back lane. Your father choked him to death with a length of piano wire. Your father was quite a virtuoso with piano wire. That's nicer than a knife, isn't it--as long as you don't look at the face afterwards. The face turns a curious shade of avocado. I must ask the doctor why that is. At any rate, we stole into the back of the inn, and, with the permission of the management, we poisoned the wine of six Krauts who were carousing there.
PAUL: Where did you get the poison?
HAROLD: We carried cyanide capsules. We were supposed to swallow them in case we were captured. It was your father's opinion that the Krauts needed them more than we did at the time.
PAUL: And one of them was the Beast of Yugoslavia? HAROLD The Beast was upstairs, and he came running downstairs, for his men were making loud farewells and last wills and testaments--editorializing about the hospitality they had received. And your father said to him in perfect German, which he had learned in the Spanish Civil War, Major