ADDISON: So that's it. Lloyd. Still just the Theater, after all...
EVE: It's nothing of the kind! Lloyd loves me, I love him!
ADDISON: I know nothing about Lloyd and his loves - I leave those to Louisa May Alcott. But I do know you.
EVE: I'm in love with Lloyd!
ADDISON: Lloyd Richards is commercially the most successful playwright in America-
EVE: You have no right to say such things!
ADDISON: - and artistically, the most promising! Eve dear, this is Addison.
EVE: Addison, won't it be just perfect? Lloyd and I - there's no telling how far we can go... he'll write great plays for me, I'll make them be great! You're the only one I've told, the only one that knows except Lloyd and me...
ADDISON: ... and Karen.
EVE: She doesn't know.
KAREN: She knows enough not to be here.
EVE: But not all of it - not that Lloyd and I are going to be married.
ADDISON: I see. And when was this unholy alliance joined?
EVE: We decided the night before last, before we came up here...
ADDISON: Was the setting properly romantic - the lights on dimmers, gypsy violins off stage?
EVE: The setting wasn't romantic, but Lloyd was. He woke me up at three in the morning, banging on my door - he couldn't sleep, he told me - he's left Karen, he couldn't go on with the play or anything else until I promised to marry him... we sat and talked until it was light. He never went home...
ADDISON: You sat and talked until it was light...
EVE: We sat and talked, Addison. I want a run of the play contract.
ADDISON: There never was, there'll never be another like you.
EVE: Well, say something - anything! Congratulations, skol - good work, Eve!
ADDISON: What do you take me for?
EVE: I don't know what I take you for anything...
ADDISON: It is possible - even conceivable - that you've confused me with that gang of backward children you've been playing tricks on - that you have the same contempt for me that you have for them?
EVE: I'm sure you mean something by that, Addison, but I don't know what...
ADDISON: Look closely, Eve, it's time you did. I am Addison deWitt. I'm nobody's fool. Least of all - yours.
EVE: I never intended you to be.
ADDISON: Yes, you did. You still do.
EVE: I still don't know what you're getting at. Right now I want to take my nap. It's important that I-
ADDISON: - it's important right now that we talk. Killer to killer.
EVE: Champion to champion.
ADDISON: Not with me, you're no champion. You're stepping way up in class.
EVE: Addison, will you please say what you have to say plainly and distinctly - and then get out so I can take my nap!
ADDISON: Very well, plainly and distinctly. Although I consider it unnecessary - because you know as well as I, what I am about to say. Lloyd may leave Karen, but he will not leave Karen for you.
EVE: What do you mean by that?
ADDISON: More plainly and more distinctly? I Have not come to New Haven to see the play, discuss your dreams, or to pull the ivy from the walls of Yale! I have come to tell you that you will not marry Lloyd - or anyone else - because I will not permit it.
EVE: What have you got to do with it?
ADDISON: Everything. Because after tonight, you will belong to me.
EVE: I can't believe my ears...
ADDISON: A dull cliche.
EVE: Belong - to you? That sound medieval - something out of an old melodrama...
ADDISON: So does the history of the world for the past twenty years. I don't enjoy putting it as bluntly as this, frankly I had hoped that you would, somehow, have known - have taken it for granted that you and I...
EVE: ... taken it for granted? That you and I...