SKYLAR: Where have you been?
WILL: I'm sorry, I been real busy.
SKYLAR: You were busy? You know, I really was waiting for you to call me.
WILL: Sorry. I'm sorry. Give me another crack at it. Let me take you out.
SKYLAR: You should have called. I have an O- chem" lab due tomorrow and it's impossible. It's not an excuse dummy. I want to go out with you. But look:"
WILL: Promise?
SKYLAR: If you bring the caramels.
WILL: I couldn't wait till tomorrow.
SKYLAR: How the hell did you do that?
WILL: Didn't your mother ever tell you not to look a gift horse n the mouth?
SKYLAR: I'm supposed to understand this.
WILL: You're not going into surgery tomorrow are you?
SKYLAR: No.
WILL: Then let's go have some fun.
SEAN: Really? How'd the date go? WILL Do you still counsel veterans? I read your book last night.
SEAN: No, I don't.
WILL: Why not?
SEAN: I gave that up when my wife got sick.
WILL: Is that why you didn't write anything else?
SEAN: I didn't write anything else 'cause nobody, including most of my colleagues bothered to read the first one.
WILL: Well, I've read you colleagues. Your book was good, Sean. All those guys were in your platoon?
SEAN: Yeah.
WILL: What happened to that guy from Kentucky?
SEAN: Lon? He got married. He has a kid. I kind of lost touch with him after Nancy got sick.
WILL: Do you ever wonder what your life would be like if you never met your wife?
SEAN: What? Do I wonder if I'd be better off if I never met my wife?
WILL: You don't regret meetin' your wife?
SEAN: Why? Because of the pain I feel now? I have regrets Will, but I don't regret a singel day I spent with her.
WILL: When did you know she was the one?
SEAN: October 21, 1975. Game six of the World Series. Biggest game in Red Sox history, Me and my friends slept out on the sidewalk all night to get tickets. We were sitting in a bar waiting for the game to start and in walks this girl. What a game that was. Tie game in the bottom of the tenth inning, in steps Carlton Fisk, hit a long fly ball down the left field line. Thirty-five thousand fans on their feet, screamin' at the ball to stay fair. Fisk is runnin' up the baseline, wavin' at the ball like a madman. It hits the foul pole, home run. Thirty-five thousand people went crazy. And I wasn't one of them.
WILL: Where were you?
SEAN: I was havin' a drink with my future wife.
WILL: You missed Pudge Fisk's homerun to have a drink with a woman you had never met?
SEAN: That's right.
WILL: So wait a minute. The Red Sox haven't won a World Series since nineteen eighteen, you slept out for tickets, games gonna start in twenty minutes, in walks a girl you never seen before, and you give your ticket away?
SEAN: You should have seen this girl. She lit up the room.
WILL: I don't care if Helen of Troy walked into that bar! That's game six of the World Series!
SEAN: I just slid my ticket across the table and said sorry fellas
WILL: I gotta go see about a girl"? What did they say?"
SEAN: They could see that I meant it.
WILL: You're kiddin' me.
SEAN: No Will, I'm not kiddin' you. If I had gone to see that game I'd be in here talkin' abouta girl I saw at a bar twenty years ago. And how I always regretted not goin' over there and talkin' to her. I don't regret the eighteen years we were married. I don't regret givin' up couseling for six years when she got sick. I don't regret being by her side for the last two years when things got real bad. And I sure as Hell don't regret missing that damn game.
WILL: Would have been nice to catch that game though.
SEAN: Well hell, I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit the home run.
LAMBEAU: Alexander, I know your theory. The boy is updating, he's strategy stealing...
PEKEC: With a Ramses graph on the binary tree--
LAMBEAU: --But what he's doing, he's attaching an edge to the adjacent vertex. He can always failsafe to either side--
PEKEC: Maker can. This is not new, Gerry!
LAMBEAU: No, there's a limit.
PEKEC: The limit is not found! The limit is not found.