SWANA: I wouldn't waken Leon. After last night I would say not before three o'clock at the earliest.
NINOTCHKA: I told you to go, madame.
SWANA: Believe me, Leon can't help you. He doesn't know anything about the jewels... I give you my word... I swear it.
NINOTCHKA: Where are they?
SWANA: You were very careless with our precious jewels, my dear. They're too expensive a toy for two children to play with.
NINOTCHKA: Where are they?
SWANA: Don't worry. Fortunately last night a very trustworthy friend kept his eyes open. Perhaps he overstepped his function as a waiter but he fulfilled his duty as a Russian. I just put this on for sentiment. The rest are absolutely safe. I assure you. But if you feel like notifying the police...
NINOTCHKA: You leave me no choice.
SWANA: Won't it be rather embarrassing for a Soviet Envoy to disclose the circumstances under which she lost them?
NINOTCHKA: I will have to face the consequences, but so will you. Don't forget they will ask how you got them.
SWANA: That's very simple to answer. They were given to me by my mother. They were given to her by her mother, in fact they're mine, you cannot steal what belongs to you!
NINOTCHKA: They always belonged to the Russian people. They were paid for with their sweat, their blood, their lives and you will give them back!
SWANA: I told you we had plenty to talk about. Shall we sit down?
SWANA: Now, let's free ourselves from emotionalism and try to solve the problem in a practical way. Our situation has changed considerably. Before I had only a claim to the jewels. Now I have the jewels.
NINOTCHKA: In other words moral ideas have no weight with you... all right, then let's deal with legal facts. You know that France has recognized the Soviet.
SWANA: Unfortunately.
NINOTCHKA: Under Soviet law the jewels belong to the State. France is going to uphold that ownership.
SWANA: My lawyer agrees with you. He says France will uphold it in every court, but I will drag you through every court, don't forget that. And when I say it will take two years I am, as always, conservative.
NINOTCHKA: Won't those two years in court be expensive for you? I know that money was no object as long as you could squeeze it from the pockets of the people, but now...
SWANA: I may run out of money, but you have already run out of bread. Two years is a long time for your comrades to wait.
NINOTCHKA: I see. You have calculated in terms of hunger.
SWANA: No, I just wanted to be absolutely impartial. Both of us are faced with two rather uncomfortable years. We can condense these two years to two minutes if you want to accept my proposition. Ninotchka now realizes what she is after.
NINOTCHKA: Go on.
SWANA: I am willing to hand over the jewels and sign the necessary papers if you take that five-forty plane to Moscow.
NINOTCHKA: That's not the way to win him back... not Leon.
SWANA: I think I know Leon quite as well as you... possibly a little better. Leave that worry to me. Five-forty leaves you time enough to close the deal with Monsieur Mercier, but naturally you'll be too busy for any farewells. I'll see to it that everything is done in the most expeditious manner and I will also see you to the airport. That's my proposition, Comrade Yakushova.