BOBBY: How much could you get?
JAKE: Maybe ... ten-thousand. And that's a maybe.
BOBBY: I need thirteen.
JAKE: That's a bit much.
BOBBY: We're not talking about buying a car Jake. We're talking about killing your wife. It's thirteen, or it's nothing.
JAKE: You drive a hard bargain, but I had a feeling you were my boy when I met you.
BOBBY: I'm not your boy. I don't like you. I got no choice but to do business with you. Let's just call this a nasty little marriage of convenience.
JAKE: Don't say that. I had a marriage of convenience with Grace, and look where that's lead... Well, looks like we got ourselves a contract.
JAKE: If you can't trust the man you've hired to kill your wife ...? The thing is it's got to look like an accident; that's the thing. If it doesn't, then it's no good. I won't get a dime, and it's my neck that'll be on the chopping block while you're living it up somewhere.
BOBBY: How do you want it?
JAKE: How the hell should I know? I've never had a wife killed before. Jesus Christ! <u>You</u> want this job, you don't know how to do this? I guess I should have hired a professional.
BOBBY: You want to do this yourself? I don't have to do this, you know.
JAKE: Be quiet, boy. I got to figure this thing. I'm thinking. It can't be done at the house. It should be...
BOBBY: Come to think of it, how 'bout some money upfront?
JAKE: Oh yeah sure. Why don't I buy you a plane ticket right out of here while I'm at it. I <u>know you</u>... This is what you do: Go to the house to see her.
BOBBY: And tell her what?
JAKE: ...I don't know. Tell her you had to see her. Tell her you don't care if she's married or not, you had to be with her. Sweet talk the woman. A young buck like you must be good at that. Then ... maybe shift the conversation. Get her thinking about that jeep of hers. She loves that thing. Maybe the only thing she does love. She'll want to take you for a ride.
BOBBY: I know you're not surprised I'm back here, cause you can read my mind and all.
BOBBY: Yeah, well I said I was an idiot. Whatta you say we get out of here, take a drive somewhere, talk...
GRACE: How do you know he's still not here?
BOBBY: Guys like me take those chances. Let's go.