KENT: Nothing. Okay. Some of us have been a little... not concerned, exactly, but...
DRUMLIN: Tell me.
KENT: Last week, about 3 A.M., Fish -- Dr. Fisher -- was on a late shift, and he found her doing laundry.
DRUMLIN: So?
KENT: So... there wasn't any clothes in the machine. She was just sitting there on the floor with her ear pressed up against the Maytag. Listening.
ELLIE: Pepsi? Tequila?
DRUMLIN: No, thanks.
DRUMLIN: Peter sends his regards.
ELLIE: Oh? How's he doing?
DRUMLIN: Very well; since my appointment he's been made interim director.
ELLIE: Really? Congratulations, by the way.
DRUMLIN: I'm surprised you even knew it was an election year.
ELLIE: 'President's Science Advisor' -- so what, you just spend all your time jetting around on Air Force One now...?
DRUMLIN: Now exactly. It's... complicated.
ELLIE: No doubt.
DRUMLIN: Ellie...
ELLIE: Did I tell you we've expanded the search spectrum? We're including several other possible magic frequencies -- not just the hydrogen line anymore. I was trying to get inside their heads, y'know? And I started thinking, what other constants are there in the Universe besides hydrogen, and then suddenly it was so obvious -- transcendantals, right? So we've been trying variations of pi...
DRUMLIN: You know why I'm here.
ELLIE: It's not enough having my search time systematically cut down -- you know I'm down to three hours a week now.
DRUMLIN: Ellie, I should have done this a long time ago, certainly before I left the N.S.F., but I wanted to give you every benefit of the doubt --
ELLIE: You can't just pull the plug, David.
DRUMLIN: It's not like you've given me much choice.
ELLIE: Meaning...
DRUMLIN: Meaning I have to go defend a budget to the President and to Congress and you're out here listening to washing machines.
ELLIE: I'm searching for patterns in the noise, that's all. Order in the chaos. I'm practicing listening --
DRUMLIN: The point is, this isn't just scientific inquiry anymore -- it's turned into some kind of personal obsession.
ELLIE: The difference being what -- that I refuse to adopt the standard line, that I don't care about the results of my work? Well, I do care. Of course any discovery has to be verifiable, of course it must be subject to all rigors of scientific method, but I refuse to go around pretending I'm some kind of dispassionate automaton when it's obvious to anyone with a brain I'm just not.
DRUMLIN: No... You're not. But the price has just gotten too high.
ELLIE: Goddamnit, they are out there, David --
DRUMLIN: Then why haven't you detected any signals? If, as you claim, there have been thousands, millions of advanced civilizations out there for millions of years then why hasn't one signal gotten through? It'll take a month or two for the paperwork to go through; you're welcome to stay until then.
ELLIE: David --
DRUMLIN: It was a worthy experiment -- worthy of you; I was wrong about that part. But it's over now.