DELACROIX: I strongly feel that a Negro should direct this. This kind of satire is a high wire act in a gale storm. One misstep and we're doing Amos and Andy." Only a Negro will have the sensitivity and cultural awareness to navigate this dangerous terrain."
DUNWITTY: To hire someone solely on their ethnicity, gender or religion is not right. It's un-American. I will hire someone who is most qualified for this particular job.
DELACROIX: I was hoping to perhaps direct some episodes myself, if not the pilot soon after.
DUNWITTY: I want a hot, young white director. Maybe the kid, that pheenom who just did that hot new sexy Madonna video.
DELACROIX: You're telling me some white boy is gonna direct this pilot?
DUNWITTY: I just want you to meet him. Keep an open mind.
DELACROIX: Besides, what does he know about Negroes?
DUNWITTY: Probably nuthin', but that's why it's such a sexy way to go. Sometimes an outsider has a fresh new outlook, a different unique perspective. A black director, y'know what he's gonna do given the subject matter? With this kid, the possibilities are endless.
DELACROIX: What are his qualifications besides being a white male and directing a hot new sexy freaky Madonna video?
DUNWITTY: If Spielburg can direct The Color Purple" and "Amistad"
DELACROIX: That's exactly my point. Has he even directed actors before in anything?
DUNWITTY: No!!! Just meet the guy. That's all I'm asking. Look, I'll even let you choose your own musical director. You can have that.
DELACROIX: In the immortal words of Derrick Coleman, WHOOOPDEEDAMNDOO!!!
DUNWITTY: Derrick Coleman, he possessed all the talent in the world, coulda, shoulda, been a great ballplayer but alas D.C. didn't want it bad enough. Delacroix, do you want it? Bad enough to kill for it? Do you want it that much.
DELACROIX: Good morning, for those of you who don't know me, I'm Pierre Delacroix. I'm running things and this here is my assistant Sloan Hopkins.
SLOAN: Hello.
DELACROIX: I've never worked with any of you and you've never worked with me so we'll be starting from scratch. I'm a fair person, a straight shooter and I don't hold my tongue. Everybody up in here should know I had nothing to do with you being hired.