MR. KELCHER: That's all well and good, but we don't have the money to manufacture them.
PEGGY: You need a partner. There's a friend of mine at school whose father makes seat covers for cars, Mr. Fitzsimmons. I've invited him and his family over for dinner tomorrow night.
MRS. KELCHER: Isn't that awfully forward?
PEGGY: We've got to move fast. This is an idea whose time has come.
MR. KELCHER: You mean to tell me that you invited this Mr. Fitzsimmons over to talk about investing his money in your cockamamie idea?
PEGGY: Wrong, Dad. Your idea.
PEGGY: Charlie. I just had the strangest dream.
CHARLIE: I have to talk to you..
PEGGY: What are you doing here?
CHARLIE: Let's go down to the basement.
CHARLIE: I want to know what's going on. Dolores told me that you and that scuzzball Michael Fitzsimmons...
PEGGY: I bumped into him after you dropped me off Last night. I didn't feel like going home, so we went for a ride.
CHARLIE: Then it's true, dammit! I had a miserable time tonight 'cause of you. When the Monotones did Book of Love —— Chapter Four you break up
PEGGY: You know I never could stand your sarcasm.
CHARLIE: You're going to blow it, Peggy Sue. Nobody treats Charlie Bodell like this.
PEGGY: And why do you always refer to yourself in the third person, like Napoleon? How come it always turns into an argument with you?
CHARLIE: Look, I've got the hair, got the eyes, got the teeth, I got the car. I'm the lead singer, I'm the man.
PEGGY: Charlie,. I've been trying to postpone this. But what's the point? It's over. I don't want to hurt you. This is very hard for me. I'm doing this for both of us. I really want you to be happy.
CHARLIE: I will be happy if I have you. I love you.
PEGGY: That won't make any difference. We just can't live together. And you had the nerve to drive up with that bimbo Janet.
CHARLIE: What are you talking about? Who's Janet?
PEGGY: I just can't trust you anymore.
CHARLIE: What about everything I said to you this afternoon...
PEGGY: That's just it. You can always get to me. There's this window in my heart and every time I leave it open, you climb in. Unless I close it now, nothing's ever going to be different!
CHARLIE: But what has to be different?
PEGGY: Everything. I have a good head for business, I should be franchising the bakery. And I want you to give me your word that whatever happens, you'll go to college. And finish.
CHARLIE: What! What about the group and my singing career? What about me?
PEGGY: I'm trying to save you years of frustration... waiting for a big break... no. Waiting for that big disappointment so you could blame it all on me.
CHARLIE: You don't know zip! You think I'm going to end up selling appliances like my father? Chasing women around the store. I've got to give it a shot. Why are you trying to kill the two things that mean the most to me? Until yesterday you loved me and you loved us. ) What the hell has changed? For two years I've done nothing but love you. I'll show you, I'm going to be just like Fabian!