TATUM: Maybe Cotton Weary is telling the truth. Maybe he was having an affair with your mom.
SIDNEY: So you think my mom was a slut too?
TATUM: I didn't say that, Sid. But you know there were rumors. Your dad was always out of town on business. Maybe your mom was a very unhappy woman.
SIDNEY: If they were having an affair how come that Cotton couldn't prove it in court?
TATUM: You can't prove a rumor. That's why it's a rumor.
SIDNEY: Created by that little tabloid twit Gale Weathers.
TATUM: It goes further back, Sid. There's been talk about other men.
SIDNEY: And you believe it?
TATUM: Well... you can only hear that Richard Gere-gerbil story so many times before you have to start believing it.
SIDNEY: If I was wrong Cotton, then he's still out there.
TATUM: Don't go there, Sid. You're starting to sound like some Wes Carpenter flick. Don't freak yourself out -- we've got a long night ahead of us.
SIDNEY: You're right. I'm cracking up. Ignore me.
TATUM: Come on, let's rock.
BILLY: How'd you do?
STU: Piece of cake. She'll be there.
BILLY: Thanks, butt wart. You did good.
STU: So you gonna try and make up with Sid?
BILLY: Duh... that's quick.
STU: I was just asking. Why are you always at me?
BILLY: Because I'm trying to build your self-esteem. You're far too sensitive.
STU: Oh...
BILLY: You ready to party hard tonight?
STU: You know it.
STU: Jesus, this place is packed.
RANDY: We had a run in the mass murder section.
STU: You coming tonight?
RANDY: Yeah, I'm off early -- curfew you know. Now that's poor taste.
STU: What?
RANDY: If you were the only suspect in a senseless bloodbath would you be standing in the horror section?
STU: It was all a misunderstanding. He didn't do anything.
RANDY: You're such a little lap dog. He's got killer printed all over his forehead.
STU: The why'd the police let him go?
RANDY: Because, obviously they don't watch enough movies. This is standard horror movie stuff. PROM NIGHT revisited.
STU: Why would he want to kill his own girlfriend?
RANDY: There's always some stupid bullshit reason to kill your girlfriend. That's the beauty of it all. Simplicity. Besides, if it's too complicated you lose your target audience.
STU: So what's his reason?
RANDY: Maybe Sidney wouldn't have sex with him.
STU: She's saving herself for you.
RANDY: Could be. Now that Billy's tried to mutilate her, you think Sid would go out with me?
STU: I think her father did it. How come they can't find his ass?
RANDY: Because he's probably dead. His body will come popping out in the last reel somewhere... eyes gauged. See, the police are always off track with this shit, if they'd watch PROM NIGHT they'd save time. There's formula to it. A very simple one. Everyone's always a suspect -- the father, the principal, the town derelict...
STU: Which is you...
RANDY: So while they're off investigating a dead end, Billy, who's been written off as a suspect, is busy planning his next hunting expedition.