DOYLE: Now here's the deal. Now that I'm gonna throw my entire life away doin' what I want to come live here with y'all, we have to get a few things straight. See, Frank, me and you mama wouldn't have any problems if it wadn't for you. We'd never have a bad word between us. But since you do exist, if I'm gonna be here as the head of the household, we'll have to live by my rules. And my rules are you don't speak unless you're spoken to. Stay out of my way and do what a regular kid does. You're a weird little shit. I don't get you. So wake up. Face what they call reality. We're gonna be a family now. And it's my family. I'll be payin' the bills so you got me. But I ain't your daddy. You just treat me like I am. I'm the boss, okay. And the other thing is your friend Karl has to go. We can't have a normal family with him livin' in the garage and comin' in the bedroom at four in the mornin' with hammers and shit. See?
FRANK: Karl can stay if he wants to. Mama said --
KARL: Don't hit that boy no more.
DOYLE: You shut up you, fuckin' retard. Get your shit and get out of here. That was a wake-up slap, Frank. Remember. Reality, like I said. Don't forget any bit of what I said to you and we'll be fine.
LINDA: Where are you goin', Karl? Didn't you want some chicken and things?
KARL: No ma'am. I'm a'goin' off sommers.
LINDA: Well, okay. I got you some.
KARL: Frank, he went off, too. He ain't gonna be in there when you get indoors.
LINDA: Where'd he go? What's goin' on?
KARL: He wanted to go off and play, I reckon. You go in there and you and that Doyle eat ye dinner. You don't have to worry yourself none.
LINDA: All right then. Well, I'll see you later. If you see Frank, tell him to come on back home. I don't get to see him all day except Sundays. He can play tomorrow.
KARL: Ma'am?
LINDA: Yeah.
KARL: You're a good mama to that boy. You care for him. You work hard fer him to take care of him. You light him up in his eyes, I've seen it. He wouldn't know what to do without ye.
LINDA: Well thank you, hun. That's real good of you to say. I wouldn't know what to do without him either.
KARL: You've been real good to me, too. It ain't ever'body that'd make biscuits in the middle of the night. You and that boy has give me a good feelin'.
LINDA: We sure like havin' you.
KARL: Thank ye. I'm just getting around to tellin' you, but I fixed your warshin' machine.
FRANK: Hey, Karl. How'd you know to come out here?
KARL: I knowed you'd be here. What are you a-doin' digging with that stob?
FRANK: Just diggin'. I ain't ever gonna be happy now. Not with that son of a bitch movin' in for good. I wish me and you and Mama could just run away. But she said he would find us wherever we went. He's crazy. Sometimes I think it would of been better if I wadn't ever born.
KARL: I'm glad of it you was borned. I reckon I ain't gonna be there in the garage no more.
FRANK: You have to Karl. You have to look out for me. You don't let that son of a bitch run you off.
KARL: You're just a boy. You ort not to use that sort of language.
FRANK: Karl, I ain't tryin' to say nothin' bad about you, but why don't you stop Doyle when he gets that away? You're older than him. You're strong, too. My daddy wouldn't let him do that to me and Mama.
KARL: That feller's a whole sight meaner than me. He'd just whup the tar out of me.
FRANK: Yeah, I guess so. I'm real tired, you know that. A kid my age shouldn't be tired of things.
KARL: I'm tired, too, Frank. If I ain't around no more, it don't mean I don't care fer ye. I care for ye a good deal. I care for you more than anybody they is. We made friends right off the bat.
FRANK: I care for you, too. But you'll be around, don't say that.
KARL: Hit don't make no difference where I was to be. We'll always be friends. There ain't no way to stop that. I aim for you to have these books.
KARL: Maybe you can make more sense out of them than I can. I made you a little old book marker and stuck it in that book on Christmas.
FRANK: You don't want to give away all your books.
KARL: I aim fer you to have 'em.
FRANK: Man. Thanks. You know when you get a feelin' and you don't know why?
KARL: Yes sir.
FRANK: I've got a feelin' today.
KARL: Reckon what kind of a feelin'?
FRANK: Like something different. I don't know. You're leavin' ain't you, Karl?
KARL: Will ye do somethin' for me if I ast you to?
FRANK: You know I would. Whatever you want.
KARL: Don't go home tonight and stay with that Doyle. He's got it in for ye tonight. I got me a feelin', too. Feels like to me you ort not be there in that house with him liquored up and mean. Ye mama neither. When you get up from here, I want you to go to that feller's house. Your mama's friend. I want you to give me your word on it.
FRANK: Okay. I give you my word. Is ever'thing gonna be okay? Are you all right?
KARL: Ever'thing's okay, boy. I kindly want to put my arm around ye for a minute and then I'm gonna go on and leave here.
FRANK: Okay.