MALCOLM: Resentful.
HAMMOND: When you have a lot of time to think, it's funny who you remember. It's the people who challenged you. It is the quality of our opponents that gives our accomplishments meaning. I never told you how sorry I was about what happened after we returned.
MALCOLM: I didn't know you -- weren't well.
HAMMOND: It's the lawyers. The lawyers are finally killing me.
MALCOLM: They do have motives. Why did you want to see me? Your message said it was urgent.
HAMMOND: You were right -- and I was wrong. There! Did you ever think you'd hear me say that? Spectacularly wrong. Instead of observing those animals, I tried to control them. I squandered an opportunity and we still know next to nothing about their lives. Not their lives as man would have them, behind electric fences, but in the wild. Behavior in their natural habitat, the impossible dream of any paleontologist. I could have had it, but I let it slip away. Thank God for Site B.
MALCOLM: What?
HAMMOND: Well? Didn't it all seem a trifle compact to you?
MALCOLM: What are you talking about?
HAMMOND: The hatchery, in particular? You know my initial yields had to be low, far less than one percent, that's a thousand embryos for every single live birth. Genetic engineering on that scale implies a giant operation, not the spotless little laboratory I showed you.
MALCOLM: I don't believe you.
HAMMOND: Isla Nublar was just a showroom, Ian, something for the tourists, Site B was the factory floor. We built it first, on Isla Sorna, eight-some miles from Nublar.
MALCOLM: No, no, no, no, no, no . . .
HAMMOND: After the accident at the park, a hurricane wiped out our facility on Site B. We had to evacuate and leave the animals to fend for themselves. And they did. For four years I've fought to keep them safe from human meddling, now I want you to go there and document them.
MALCOLM: Are you out of your mind? I still have nightmares, my reputation's a joke, my leg is shot -- you think I need more of that?
HAMMOND: It would be the most extraordinary living fossil record the world has ever seen.
MALCOLM: So what?
HAMMOND: I've been putting this together for over a year. I have personal suggestions for your entire team, phone numbers, contact people. They won't believe you about what they're going to see, so don't bother trying to convince them. Just use my checkbook to get them there. I'll fund your expedition through my personal accounts, as such money and equipment as you need, but only if you leave immediately. If we hesitate, all will be lost.
MALCOLM: John . . .
HAMMOND: You'll need an animal behaviorist, someone with unimpeachable credentials. I believe you already know Sarah Harding. She's got theories about parenting and nurturing among hunter/scavengers I bet she'd be dying to prove on a scale like this. If you convince her to go, it'll be a major coup. When she publishes, the scientific community must take it seriously.