COMO: Aside from everything else, your family all right?
JOEY: Yeah, they're good. They're good, Tommy.
COMO: What is it with you? Can't you talk? You got like a funny attitude. I can't figure you out, Joey. What's with you and the quick answers? You wanna get outa here fast?
JOEY: Aw, Tommy, c'mon, it ain't that.
COMO: Look Joey, I wanna tell you something. Your brother ain't gonna get nowhere without us -- nowhere. And I'm tellin' you between the two of us, it's gettin' to the point where it's gettin' to be a real embarrassment to me, a real embarrassment.
JOEY: How can he embarrass you?
COMO: He's an embarrassment because Frankie and the other guys are expectin' me to do something about it, and I'm lookin' very bad. I can't deliver a kid from my own neighborhood. Why's he make it so hard on himself? He comes to me, I can make it easier for him.
JOEY: Tommy, Jake respects you. He won't even say hello to anybody else -- you know that. But you know when Jake gets set on somethin', Jesus Christ Almighty could get off the fuckin' cross and he ain't gonna talk him out of it. I'm his kid brother. I got no say with Jake on this. He thinks he can buck everybody and make it on his own.
COMO: Make it on his own? Does he know the kind of money involved? I mean the real money. He thinks he's gonna become champ on his own? We're gonna sit by and see some nut come in there and hold one of the most important titles in the world? A nut who don't listen to nobody or respect nobody? Is he really crazy? Listen, Joey, you understand, you tell him. I don't care how great he is or how colorful. He could beat all the Sugar Ray Robinsons and all the Janiros he wants to. He ain't gonna get a shot at the title without us. I'm not askin' you to do another thing except get that message into that thick head!
JOEY: Whatcha doin'?
JAKE: I remember the first time I met Vickie... I know there's somethin' up. I know she's doin' somethin', but I can't catch her...
JOEY: Maybe she's afraid you're gonna hit her so she can't talk to you the way she wants to.
JAKE: What do you mean?
JOEY: Try talkin' to her. She's your wife -- ask her what's the matter.
JAKE: When I'm away, did you ever notice anythin' funny with her? Tell me the truth.
JOEY: Jack, if there was anything funny, I would tell you.
JAKE: I want you to keep an eye on her when I'm not here. Understand?
JOEY: Sure, I'll keep an eye on her.
JAKE: What did Tommy say?
JOEY: I got good news, and I got bad news. The good news is you got your shot at the title. The bad news is...
JAKE: Yeah, I know.