DOUG: Chris! Tell me some good news.
DOUG: Tell me some bad news?
CHRIS: I don't want to ruin your day.
DOUG: That bad?
CHRIS: Your too good for this town, Buddy.
DOUG: So I hear.
CHRIS: Huh?
DOUG: I had a visit from the British Embassy. They think I'm a stray soccer hooligan.
CHRIS: They ain't the only ones.
CHRIS: I stopped by your office. Henry was steaming, he says he's going to throw you out of the window and that you never worked at the Bugler.
DOUG: He got that one right.
CHRIS: Honza says they'll print an open letter to President Havel in next weeks edition even if they have to threaten a walk-out.
DOUG: They're good guys..... Have you seen Holly?
CHRIS: No, but I ran into Jahn, seems him and his friends are in big trouble with the University, they might even be expelled.
DOUG: Damn!
CHRIS: Did you see a lawyer and go before a judge?
DOUG: Yeah. I tell you, they're one big happy family over there.
CHRIS: What happened?
DOUG: I don't know, I'm waiting for the transcript.
CHRIS: You're kidding.
DOUG: Well, the trial's in two weeks, but I think they've already sentenced me. They just need to check if Siberia can slot me in.
CHRIS: WE gotta think of something.
DOUG: Now you're using that word.
CHRIS: I could try and get a Western lawyer.
DOUG: You know, there is one thing I can't figure out. All along they've been bugging me about those files and when I told them I'd burned all that stuff, they went nuts - they told the Consul guy they were medical records?
CHRIS: So?
DOUG: Well, it seems they've dropped any charge relating to the files.
CHRIS: Lucky break!
DOUG: Maybe, but I've started to wonder what those files were all about. Suppose it was old KGB stuff and had the dirt on big people or maybe the personnel records of the secret police, that might explain all the hassle and the cover-up.
CHRIS: Did you see anything in the files?
DOUG: It was all in Czech wasn't it.
DOUG: What happened to those disks I gave you, have you still got them?
CHRIS: Yeah, somewhere?
DOUG: Suppose those contained all the file info too? You could have a third or so of it there.
CHRIS: Do you want me to see what's on them?
DOUG: No point, it'll be in Czech and God knows what format. But if I'm right, they could be my ticket out of here.
CHRIS: And if you're wrong.
DOUG: Siberia.
CHRIS: What do you want me to do?
DOUG: Get me one of the disks. Ask a Czech girl to smuggle it in to me this evening. Put the others in a locker and write the details in a note to Reuters and be ready to send it, if this doesn't work. You'd better keep clear of your apartment too. Do you know someone with a phone?
CHRIS: Yeah, Dave Walters.
DOUG: Good, what's his number?
CHRIS: It's...42 56 76 .
DOUG: 42 56 76......... Okay, you wait at Dave's for my call tomorrow, if you don't hear from me by three o'clock, send that note and get out of the country fast.
CHRIS: Doug, I can't just leave you!
DOUG: You're in the clear, keep it that way, I'll be okay.
DOUG: If I cut a deal, I'm not staying in this country and I want Holly to come with me. So, if she doesn't come here today, you're going to have to get her to me tomorrow; after I call, promise?
CHRIS: Sure....Anything else I can do for you?
DOUG: You could give me your baseball, so I can drive this bastard nuts.....He's been playing chequers for eight hours and still hasn't won a game.