ALEX: If thou lose hope being weary in the days of distress, thy strength shall be diminished.
PRIEST: Fine, my boy, fine, fine.
ALEX: Father, I have tried, have I not?
PRIEST: You have, my son.
ALEX: I've done my best, have I not?
PRIEST: Indeed.
ALEX: And, Father, I've never been guilty of any institutional infractions, have I?
PRIEST: You certainly have not, 655321. You've been very helpful, and you've shown a genuine desire to reform.
ALEX: Father - may I ask you a question in private?
PRIEST: Certainly, my son, certainly. Is there something troubling you, my son? Don't be shy to speak up. Remember, I know all the urges that can trouble young men deprived of the society of women.
ALEX: No Father. It's nothing like that, Father. It's about this new thing they're all talking about. About this new treatment that you out of prison in no time at all and makes sure you never get back in again.
PRIEST: Where did you hear about this? Whose been talking about these things?
ALEX: These things get around, Father. Two Warders talk as it might be, and somebody can't help overhearing what they say. Then somebody picks up a scrap of newspaper in the workshops and the newspaper tells all about it. How about putting me in for this new treatment, Father?
PRIEST: I take it you are referring to the Ludovico Technique?
ALEX: I don't know what it's called, Father, all I know is that it gets you out quickly and makes sure that you never get in again.
PRIEST: That's not proven, 655321. In fact, it is only in the experimental stage at this moment.
ALEX: But it is being used, isn't it, Father?
PRIEST: It has not been used yet in this prison. The Governor has grave doubts about it and I have heard that there are very serious dangers involved.
ALEX: I don't care about the danger, Father. I just want to be good. I want for the rest of my life to be one act of goodness.
PRIEST: The question is weather or not this technique really makes a man good. Goodness comes from within. Goodness is chosen. When a man cannot chose, he ceases to be a man.
ALEX: I don't understand about the whys and wherefores, Father. I only know I want to be good.
PRIEST: Be patient, my son, and put your trust in the Lord.
ALEX: Instruct thy son and he shall refresh thee and shall give delight to thy soul.
PRIEST: Amen. They cross themselves.