UNCLE ELROY: Hey, Debo, heard you running from a ass- whippin'?
CRAIG: Naw, it ain't like that.
UNCLE ELROY: If you see that boy again, bite off his ear off like Mike Tyson.
CRAIG: Alright, I'll remember that.
UNCLE ELROY: You know me? I would've shot his big ass. Hey, Willie, how's it going? Still steppin' in dog shit every day?
MR. JONES: Make sure you look after my son out here. Don't get him involved with none of your bullshit, Roy.
UNCLE ELROY: Don't worry 'bout nothin', big bro. He in the best fuckin' hands in Rancho Chocomunga, baby! This my world, you just a nigga late paying rent. Ain't that right, nephew?
MR. JONES: Craig, remember what I told you.
CRAIG: I'll remember.
UNCLE ELROY: Send Betty my love. Boy you looking good. I'mma take these in the house for you, man... and when you finish with this cat, come inside. I got something to show you.
CRAIG: Thanks, Unc.
DAY-DAY: You know it's been over a year since we kicked it last? Up at the family reunion.
CRAIG: I know, that's when Uncle Elroy cussed out everybody, and threw up in Aunt Faye's backseat.
DAY-DAY: Yep. I forgot about him cussin' out everybody. Damn that was fun.
CRAIG: I know, we had a good time. But ever since you guys moved out here, it seems like we've lost touch.
DAY-DAY: I know; this a long way from Watts. But what I like about living out here is that you don't hear no helicopters, no sirens, no drive-by's, no nothing. Just peace and quiet. Listen.
CRAIG: Who is that?
DAY-DAY: Joker, he just got out of the pen. Li'l Joker, he just got out of Youth Authority. And Baby Joker, he just got out of Juvenile Hall.
CRAIG: They ever let you hit the switches on that Cadillac?
DAY-DAY: Naw, them dudes is assholes. Especially that dog - Cheeco. Watch this little ass, he's sneaky. Plus, I got something better than a Cadillac.
CRAIG: This you?
DAY-DAY: Yeah, that's me. Just a little somethin' somethin' I picked up.
CRAIG: Must be nice. I wish we won the lottery. Come up on a million dollars like ya'll.
DAY-DAY: Man, after taxes, lawyer fees, and paying off my daddy's bad credit, we didn't end up with a million. We bought this house and I spent the rest on this. It's the bomb, huh?
CRAIG: This my baby. I feel like a new nigga in this car. I get mo' phone numbers rollin' this, than I ever did on the bus.