LYNN: Can I get you a drink?
BUD: Yeah, plain scotch.
LYNN: I was friendly with Sue Lefferts, but we weren't really friends. You know what I mean?
BUD: Are you sorry she's dead?
LYNN: Of course I am. What kind of question is that?
BUD: Have you ever heard of Dick Stensland?
LYNN: No I haven't. Do you know why Pierce is humoring you?
BUD: You use words like that, you might make me mad.
LYNN: Yes. But do you know?
BUD: Yeah I know. Patchett's running whores and judging by his address, probably something bigger on the side. He doesn't want any attention.
LYNN: That's right. Our motives are selfish, so we're cooperating.
BUD: Why was Susan Lefferts at the Nite Owl?
LYNN: I don't know. I never heard of the Nite Owl till today.
BUD: Did Lefferts have a boyfriend?
LYNN: Like I said we were friendly, not friends.
BUD: How'd she meet Patchett?
LYNN: Pierce meets people. Sue came on the bus with dreams of Hollywood. This is how they turned out. Thanks to Pierce, we still get to act a little.
BUD: Tell me about Patchett.
LYNN: He's waiting for you to mention mention.
BUD: You want some advice, Miss Bracken?
LYNN: It's Lynn.
BUD: Miss Bracken, don't ever try to fucking bribe me or threaten me or I'll have you and Patchett in shit up to your ears.
LYNN: I remember you from Christmas Eve. You have a thing for helping women, don't you, Officer White?
BUD: Maybe I'm just fucking curious.
LYNN: You say 'fuck' a lot.
BUD: You fuck for money.
LYNN: There's blood on your shirt. Is that an integral part of your job?
BUD: Yeah.
LYNN: Do you enjoy it?
BUD: When they deserve it.
LYNN: Did they deserve it today?
BUD: I'm not sure.
LYNN: But you did it anyway.
BUD: Yeah, just like the half dozen guys you screwed today.
LYNN: Actually, it was two. You're different, Officer White. You're the first man in five years who didn't tell me I look like Veronica Lake inside of a minute.
BUD: You look better than Veronica Lake. Now, <u>Pierce Patchett</u>.
LYNN: He takes a cut of our earnings and invests it for us. He makes us quit the life at thirty. He doesn't let us use narcotics and he doesn't abuse us. Can your policeman's mentality grasp those contradictions?
BUD: He had you cut to look like Veronica Lake?
LYNN: No. I'm really a brunette, but the rest is me. And that's all the news that's fit to print.