EVE: I was wondering whether you'd come at all..
KAREN: Don't get up. And don't act as if I were the queen mother.
EVE: I don't expect you to be pleasant.
KAREN: I don't intend to be.
EVE: Can't we sit down? Just for a minute...
EVE: I've got a lot to say. And none of it is easy.
KAREN: There can't be very much-
EVE: Oh, but there is-
KAREN: - and easy or not, I won't believe a word.
EVE: Why shouldn't you? Please sit down.
EVE: You know, I've always considered myself a very clever girl. Smart. Good head on my shoulders, that sort of thing, never the wrong word at the wrong time... but then, I'd never met Addison deWitt. I remember once I had a tooth pulled. They gave me some anaesthetic - I don't remember the name - and it affected me in a strange way. I heard myself saying things I wasn't even thinking... as if my mind were someplace outside of my body, and couldn't control what I did or said-
KAREN: - and you felt just like that talking to Addison.
EVE: In a way. You find yourself trying to say what you mean, but somehow the words change - and they become his words - and suddenly you're not saying what you mean, but what he means-
KAREN: Do you expect me to believe that you didn't say any of those things - that they were all Addison?
EVE: No! I don't expect you to believe anything. Except that the responsibility is mine. And the disgrace.
KAREN: Let's not get over-dramatic.
EVE: You've really got a low opinion of me, haven't you? We'll I'll give you some pleasant news. I've been told off in no uncertain terms all over town. Miss Channing should be happy to hear that. To know how loyal her friends are - how much more loyal they are than she had a right to expect me to be...
KAREN: Eve... don't cry.
EVE: I'm not crying.
KAREN: Tell me. How did your lunch turn out - with the man from Hollywood?
EVE: Some vague promises of a test, that's all - if a particular part should come along, one of those things-
KAREN: But the raves about your performance-
EVE: - an understudy's performance.
KAREN: Well. I think you're painting the picture a little darker than it is, really. If nothing else - and don't underestimate him - you have a powerful friend in Addison.
EVE: He's not my friend. You were my friends...
KAREN: He can help you.
EVE: I wish I'd never met him, I'd like him to be dead... I want my friends back.
KAREN: Eve. I - I don't think you meant to cause unhappiness. But you did. More to yourself, perhaps - as it turned out - than to anyone else...
EVE: I'll never get over it.
KAREN: Yes, you will. You Theater people always do. Nothing is forever in the Theater. Love or hate, success or failure - whatever it is, it's here, it flares up and burns hot - and then it's gone.
EVE: I wish I could believe that.
KAREN: Give yourself time. Don't worry too much about what people think, you're very young and very talented... ... and, believe it or not, if there's anything I can do-