WES: I can tell you what the nightmares are about. They're about this...entity. Whatever you want to call it. It's old, very old, and it's taken different forms in different times. The only thing that stays the same about it is what it lives for.
HEATHER: What's that?
WES: Killing innocence, one way or the other.
HEATHER: This is still a script we're talking about, right?
WES: I think of it as sort of a nightmare in progress.
HEATHER: Then, in this nightmare in progress, does this thing have any weaknesses?
WES: It can be captured, sometimes.
HEATHER: Captured? How?
WES: By storytellers, of all things. Every so often, they imagine a story good enough to catch its essence. Then it's held prisoner for a while. In the story.
HEATHER: Like the Genie in the bottle.
WES: Exactly. The problem comes when the story dies. It happens a lot of different ways, the story gets too familiar, or too watered down by people trying to make it easier to sell, or ti's labeled a threat to society and just plain banned. However it happens, when the story dies, the evil is set free.
HEATHER: You saying Freddy's this ancient thing?
WES: Current version. For ten years he's been imprisoned as Freddy by the story of Nightmare on Elm Street. But now that the films have stopped- The genie's out of the bottle, Heather, that's what the nightmares are about. That's what I'm writing.
HEATHER: If Freddy's loose, I mean, in your script, where's he going to go? Another age? Another form?
WES: That's not what the dreams say he's doing.
HEATHER: Then what is he doing?
WES: Well, see, he's gotten used to being Freddy now. And kinda likes it here in our time and space, too. So...he's trying to cross over, from film into our reality.
HEATHER: Isn't there anyone that can stop him?
WES: Interestingly enough, in the dreams there is one person. A gatekeeper, so to speak. Someone Freddy's got to get by before he can enter our world. It's you, Heather.
HEATHER: Me? Why me?
WES: Dramatically speaking it makes perfect sense. You played Nancy, after all, the first to humiliate and defeat him.
HEATHER: That was Nancy, not me!
WES: But it was you that gave Nancy her strength. So to get out he has to come through you. And it's inevitable that he'll hit you at your most vulnerable points...
HEATHER: Dylan. And... Chase. My God, Wes, did you know?
WES: Heather, it's just a movie, a dream, really...
HEATHER: You know damn well it's more than that now! How can we stop him?
WES: The way to stop him is to make another movie. And I swear to you I'll stay at my computer and keep writing until I finish the script. But when that time comes... You're gonna have to make a choice.
HEATHER: Choice? What kind of choice?
WES: Whether or not you're willing to play Nancy one last time.