GILLIS: Hello, Betty.
BETTY: I don't know why I'm so scared, Joe. Is it something awful?
GILLIS: Come on in, Betty,
GILLIS: Ever been in one of these old Hollywood palazzos? That's from when they were making eighteen thou- sand a week, and no taxes. Careful of these tiles, they're slippery. Valentino used to dance here.
BETTY: This is where you live?
GILLIS: You bet.
BETTY: Whose house is it?
GILLIS: Hers.
BETTY: Whose?
GILLIS: Just look around. There's a lot of her spread about. If you don't remember the face, you must have heard the name of Norma Desmond.
BETTY: That was Norma Desmond on the phone?
GILLIS: Want something to drink? There's always champagne on ice, and plenty of caviar.
BETTY: Why did she call me?
GILLIS: Jealous. Ever see so much junk? She had the ceiling brought from Portugal. Look at this.
GILLIS: Her own movie theatre.
BETTY: I didn't come here to see a house. What about Norma Desmond?
GILLIS: I'm trying to tell you. This is an enormous place. Eight master bedrooms. A sunken tub in every bathroom. There's a bowling alley in the cellar. It's lonely here, so she got herself a companion. A very simple set-up: An older woman who is well-to-do. A younger man who is not doing too well ... Can you figure it out yourself?
BETTY: No.
GILLIS: All right. I'll give you a few more clues.
BETTY: No, no! I haven't heard any of this. I never got those telephone calls. I've never been in this house ... Get your things together. Let's get out of here.
GILLIS: All my things? All the eighteen suits, all the custom-made shoes and the eighteen dozen shirts, and the cuff-links and the platinum key- chains, and the cigarette cases?
BETTY: Come on, Joe.
GILLIS: Come on where? Back to a one-room apartment that I can't pay for? Back to a story that may sell and very possibly will not?
BETTY: If you love me, Joe.
GILLIS: Look, sweetie -- be practical. l've got a good thing here. A long-term contract with no options. I like it that way. Maybe it's not very admirable. Well, you and Artie can be admirable.
BETTY: Joe, I can't look at you any more.
GILLIS: Nobody asked you to.