SHERIFF: Kids.
JOHN: Yeah. What are you going to do? That Toby's a hot head.
SHERIFF: He is at that. No so much a fault of his own. Poor boy had quite a trauma as a child.
JOHN: What happened?
SHERIFF: His father worked in a strip mine north of here. Toby's school class went up to the mine one day. School takes field trips up there every year. Big day for the kids when they can see ore tore up out of the ground. Anyway, on this particular day Toby's dad up and falls into the machinery.
JOHN: Jesus!
SHERIFF: Yep. Tore him up good and spat out little, refined pieces of him. Nothing like the embarrassment of having your father refined in front of your classmates to put the anger in a young man.
JOHN: I guess.
SHERIFF: Like I said; you really can't blame the boy. Some people don't know how to avoid trouble. Know what I mean?
SHERIFF: Saw you at the truck stop this morning. You're not from around here.
JOHN: No, sir. And I'm not going to be around long if that's what you're worried about.
SHERIFF: Just curious. That's a nasty cut you've got.
JOHN: Not as bad as it looks.
SHERIFF: There was a young man over at Jamilla's today when it got hit. Way she tells it he got whacked around by one of the robbers.
JOHN: Wouldn't know anything about it.
SHERIFF: That's too bad. I was hoping you were there. Maybe you could help us catch the guy who got away. Or maybe you could explain about all that money that got tore up when Jamilla shot that biker.
JOHN: Wish I could help, Sheriff. But if you'll excuse me I'm going over to Harlin's to pick up my car. Then I'm getting the hell out of this place.
SHERIFF: Stay as long as you like, son. No rush.
JOHN: Maybe not for you, Sheriff, but I think I've had my fill of your little town.
DARRELL: Hey there. I was beginnin' to think you wasn't comin' back. You don't look so good.
JOHN: Yeah, well, I've been around the bend a bit.
DARRELL: One of those days you feel like you been runnin' in circles and you ain't no closer to where you tryin' to get than when you started?
JOHN: You've been there?
DARRELL: Hell, I've had days I would gladly trade with a whippin' dog. Ain't much you can do when you feel like that 'cept tough it out.
JOHN: You believe that?
DARRELL: You think bad, and bad is what you get.
JOHN: That's a good piece of advice, Darrell.
DARRELL: No charge.
JOHN: Listen, Darrell, about that hundred- fifty bucks for the car, as soon as I get where I'm going I swear I'll--
DARRELL: Two-hundred.
JOHN: What?
DARRELL: It's going to cost you two-hundred dollars.
JOHN: You said this morning the hose was going to run me one-fifty.
DARRELL: Yep. For the hose. But while you was gone I replaced a gasket. That's going to run you another fifty.
JOHN: I didn't tell you to replace any gasket.
DARRELL: Yeah, but it was shot.
JOHN: I didn't tell you to do it! You can't just do unauthorized work.
DARRELL: Well, now, you just know all there is about bein' a mechanic, don't you? I can't do unauthorized work. I suppose I can just let you ride out of here with a bad gasket. Then you get in an accident and get killed. Or worse. Who they gonna blame then? They gonna blame me, and there goes my reputation.
JOHN: What reputation? You're nothing but an ignorant, inbred, tumble weed hick.
DARRELL: Is that an insult? Are you insulting me.
JOHN: Listen you stupid fuck, I want my car.
DARRELL: Take it. As soon as I get my money. Fifty dollars for an almost new gasket. You don't know what kind of a deal you're getting.
JOHN: I'm taking my car, and I'm taking it now!
DARRELL: You listen to me, you fancy city man. You owe me money, and this car ain't going nowheres until I get it. And if you take another five hours I'll find another fifty dollars worth of work to do on her. Now get out of here! You're stinking up my garage.