AMY: ...What happened?
NORVILLE: Oh. Nothing, really, just... the more timid investors are no longer running for cover.
AMY: Let me look.
NORVILLE: Sid found me the icepack.
AMY: Let me hold it, or you'll have a real shiner.
NORVILLE: Thanks. People seem to be pretty hot over this imbecile story.
AMY: ...I'm sorry.
NORVILLE: Oh, it isn't your fault, Amy. You're the one person who's been standing by me through all this.
AMY: Norville... there's something I have to tell you. You see, I'm not really a secretary.
NORVILLE: I know that, Amy.
AMY: ...You do?
NORVILLE: I understand that you're not very skilled yet in the secretarial arts. I'm not that skilled as president. Oh sure, I put up a big front -- -- not that everyone's buying it.
AMY: I believe in you, Norville -- At least I believe in your... intentions --
NORVILLE: Oh, I don't blame them, really. I guess I have sort of made a mess of things. These folks have to protect their investment. Most of them are very nice people --
AMY: Norville, you can't trust people here like you did in Muncie...
AMY: ...Certain people are --
NORVILLE: Didja ever go to the top of old man Larson's feed tower and look out over the town?
AMY: ...Huh?
NORVILLE: You know, on farm route 17.
AMY: Oh yes! In Muncie!
NORVILLE: No! In Vidalia! Farm Route 17!
AMY: Uh -- Yes. Seventeen. Yes, I -- well no, I -- I never really... There's a place I go now, the cutest little place near my apartment in Greenwich Village. It's called Ann's 440. It's a beatnik bar.
NORVILLE: You don't say.
AMY: Yes, you can get carrot juice or Italian coffee, and the people there -- well, none of them quite fit in. You'd love it -- why don't you come there with me -- they're having a marathon poetry reading on New Year's Eve. I go every year.
NORVILLE: Every year?
AMY: Well -- this year -- if it's good I plan to make it a tradition. Uh, my it certainly is beautiful --
AMY: ...The people look like ants.
NORVILLE: Well, the Hindus say -- and the beatniks also -- that in the next life some of us will come back as ants. Some will be butterflies. Others will be elephants or creatures of the sea.
AMY: What a beautiful thought.
NORVILLE: What do you think you were in your previous life, Amy?
AMY: Oh, I don't know. Maybe I was just a fast-talking career gal who thought she was one of the boys --
NORVILLE: Oh no, Amy, pardon me for saying so but I find that very farfetched.
AMY: Norville, there really is something I have to tell you --
NORVILLE: That kind of person would come back as a wildebeest, or a warthog. No, I think it more likely that you were a gazelle, with long, graceful legs, gamboling through the underbrush. Perhaps we met once, a chance encounter in a forest glade. I must have been an antelope or an ibex. What times we must have had -- foraging together for sustenance, picking the grubs and burrs from one another's coats. Or perhaps we simply touched our horns briefly and went our separate ways...
AMY: I wish it were that simple, Norville. I wish I was still a gazelle, and you were an antelope or an ibex.
NORVILLE: Well, can I at least call you deer? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Seriously, Amy, the whole thing is what your beatnik friends call 'karma' -- the great circle of life, death and rebirth.
AMY: Yeah, I think I've heard of that. What goes around comes around.
NORVILLE: That's it. A great wheel that gives us each what we deserve...