RUBY: Then do you understand that I cannot tell the truth here? In Dallas. That there are people here who do not want me to tell the truth... who do not want me to have a retrial?
OFFICIAL: Mr. Ruby, I really can't see why you can't tell us now.
RUBY: When are you going back to Washington, sir?
OFFICIAL: I am going back very shortly after we finish this hearing - I am going to have some lunch.
RUBY: Can I make a statement? If you request me to go back to Washington with you right now, that is if you want to hear further testimony from me, can you do that? Can you take me with you?
OFFICIAL: No, that could not be done, Mr. Ruby. There are a good many things involved in that.
RUBY: What are they?
OFFICIAL: Well, the public attention it would attract. And we have no place for you there to be safe, we're not law enforcement officials, and many things are at stake in this affair, Mr. Ruby.
RUBY: But if I am eliminated there won't be any way of knowing. Consequently a whole new form of government is going to take over this country, and I know I won't live to see you another time. My life is in danger here. Do I sound screwy?
OFFICIAL: Well I don't know what can be done, Mr. Ruby, because I don't know what you anticipate we will encounter.
RUBY: Then you don't stand a chance, Mr. Chief Justice, you have a lost cause. All I want is a lie detector test, and you refuse to give it to me. Because as it stands now - and the truth serum - how do you pronounce it - Pentothal - whatever it is. They will not give it to me, because I want to tell the truth... And then I want to leave this world.
ANDREWS: Why you keep dancing on my head for, my man? We been thicker'n molasses pie since law school.
JIM: Because you keep conning me, Dean. I read your testimony to the Warren Commission and...
ANDREWS: There you go. Grain of salt. Two sides to every coin.
JIM: You tell them the day after the assassination you were called on the phone by this Clay Bertrand" and asked to fly to Dallas and be Lee Oswald's layer."
ANDREWS: Right.
JIM: Now that's pretty important, Dean. You also told the FBI when you met him, he was six foot two. Then you tell the Commission he was five foot eight. How the hell did the man shrink like that, Dean?
ANDREWS: They put the heat on, my man, just like you're doing. I gave'em anything that popped into my cabeza. Truth is, I never met the dude.