NICKY: You think he got the point?
ACE: What're you doin'? He's a square guy, for chrissakes. You can't treat him like that. He's gonna run to the FBI.
NICKY: Fuck the FBI! That prick's been dodging me for three weeks. And what is it with you? All of a sudden, you're tryin' to tell me what to do all the time.
ACE: I'm not tryin' to tell you what to do. But you were way out of line, Nick. What're you doin'? Where's your head?
NICKY: Where's my head? Where's your fuckin' balls? Huh? You know I'm tryin' to put somethin' really big together out here. You know what I'm talkin' about, huh? You know! If you're actin' like this now, how can I depend on you? There's a lot of things gonna change out here. And if you wanna be there with me, Sammy, you're gonna have to go my fuckin' way.
ACE: Listen, Nick, you gotta understand my situation. I'm responsible for thousands of people. I got a hundred million a year goin' through the place. It's all over, I'm gonna tell you, it's all over, if I don't get that license. And believe me, if it goes bad for me, it's gonna go bad for a lot of people, you understand?
NICKY: Yeah, forget about your fuckin' license. I plant my own flag out here, you ain't gonna need a fuckin' license. You know, I don't know what it is, Sammy, but the more I talk to you, the more I feel like you just don't wanna go along with me, is that it?
ACE: No, I don't wanna come -
NICKY: You should say so.
ACE: I don't wanna come along with you.
NICKY: Just say so.
ACE: I'll be honest with you.
NICKY: All right, fine.
ACE: I don't wanna be involved in anything you're talkin' about...
NICKY: Fine.
ACE: ...okay? I just wanna run a square joint. That's it. I just want my license. I want everything nice and quiet. That's it.
NICKY: You mean, quiet like this: 'I'm the boss.' That's quiet?
ACE: That's all taken out of context. Okay.
NICKY: Yeah, that's out of context. Okay.
ACE: I have no control over that. Ronnie and Billy were right there. They'll tell you exactly what happened.
NICKY: Well, back home they don't know about fuckin' control. That looks bad.
ACE: Looks bad? I'm gonna tell you what looks bad.
NICKY: Yeah?
ACE: Every time you're on television I get mentioned. That looks bad. That looks bad.
NICKY: What the fuck happened to you? Will you tell me?
ACE: What happened to me? What happened to you?
NICKY: Yeah.
ACE: You lost your control.
NICKY: I lost control?
ACE: Yes, you lost your control.
NICKY: Look at you. You're fuckin' walkin' around like John Barrymore.
ACE: All right.
NICKY: A fuckin' pink robe and a fuckin'...
ACE: All right.
NICKY: ...uh, uh, cigarette holder. I'm - I lost control?!
ACE: Yeah.
NICKY: You know, I didn't want to bring this up, but you have treating a lot of people with a lot of disrespect. Even your own wife.
ACE: My wife?
NICKY: Yeah.
ACE: Now, what does she have to do with all this?
NICKY: Well, she comes to see me. She was upset about a lot of things, especially that whole fuckin' Diamond - that Lester Diamond incident.
ACE: All of a sudden, you're the shoulder to cry on? Did you at least tell her about your little role in that whole situation?
NICKY: No, I didn't. What good would that do? That's not the fuckin' point.
ACE: Listen, I would -
NICKY: The point is that she's upset. She's - and you got a fuckin' problem.
ACE: I - I would appreciate it if you'd stay out of my personal life, okay? You wouldn't like it if I did it to you.
NICKY: Hey, she came to talk...
ACE: Please...
NICKY: ...to me.
ACE: ...don't do it to me...
NICKY: She came to talk to me...
ACE: Okay?
NICKY: And I - what was I supposed to do, throw her out?
ACE: Ju-just stay away from her. It's none of your business, okay? There are certain things you don't do, and you know that.
NICKY: It's none of my business?
ACE: That's right, yeah.
NICKY: A week ago it was my business, now it's none of my business. In other words, when you need me to take care of somethin' for you, then you need me.
ACE: Yeah, that's right, the way you need me to vouch for you as a citizen and get you out of one of your jams. I'm gonna have to straighten out what you just did with this guy.
ACE: This guy is gonna run to the FBI.
NICKY: Your fuckin' head is getting' bigger than your casino. That's your problem, pal.
ACE: I knew what he wanted, and I didn't want any part of it.
NICKY: Fuckin' walking around with a big head. You better check yourself...
ACE: Nicky wanted to take over. He wanted to go after Gaggi, go after the skim, go after everything and everybody.