RICKY: Can I borrow a piece of --
MAX: Go ahead. Open the fuckin things. You should each find fifteen hundred --
MAX: dollars in c-notes, a numeric pager, a double-A battery, and a first class round-trip ticket to JFK.
RICKY: We're going to New York?
MAX: Yes. You're going to New York.
RICKY: And the money. Where do we bring the money?
MAX: That money is your per diem.
RICKY: And where do we bring it?
BOBBY: It's ours.
RICKY: To keep?
MAX: Yes, for expenses and such. Now, you'll be contacted on your pager as to where you should go. You each have been given an extra battery, so there is absolutely no excuse as to why a page would not be immediately returned. Am I making myself abundantly clear?
BOBBY: Yeah.
RICKY: Yeah.
MAX: You will not carry any other pagers with you. You will not carry anything, for that matter, that I have not just given you.
RICKY: Keys.
MAX: What?
RICKY: What about my keys?
MAX: You can carry your keys. You will not mention my name or imply that you are in my employ. You will not speak to anyone while you are working. When you are not working, you are considered to be 'on call' and available twenty-four hours a day. This means you will not get drunk or do anything that will prevent you from operating in a professional manner. There is already a number in your pager's memory. It is a car service. When they ask you what account, you will respond: 'Cardiff Giant.' They will pick you up and take you anywhere you need to go. In other words, there is no reason why you should not reach any destination that you will be called upon to reach within fifteen minutes. Do you see a pattern forming?
RICKY: Yes.
BOBBY: Yes.
MAX: What is it?
BOBBY: You want --
MAX: Not you. I want Ricky to answer.
RICKY: I get it.
MAX: Tell me.
RICKY: Don't worry. I get it.
MAX: So tell me how it is.
RICKY: You want... Why are you picking on me?
MAX: Because you lost my fucking carpet cleaning van and I don't like you.
BOBBY: I already told you, I parked it for five minutes and I locked it with the club --
BOBBY: You want us to be wherever you want us to be, ASAP, no questions asked.
MAX: Yes. Goodbye.
RICKY: So, wait, what are we dropping off?
MAX: Goodbye.
RICKY: Holy shit. Can you believe this?
BOBBY: Pretty nice.
RICKY: See, man. Maxie fuckin takes care of you when you're in. Beats cleaning carpets.
BOBBY: What's the movie?
RICKY: I'll get the girl.
BOBBY: Nah, don't bother --