YELBURTON: Mr. Gittes, sorry to keep you waiting. These staff meetings, they just go on and on.
GITTES: Yeah, must be especially tough to take over under these circumstances.
YELBURTON: Oh yes. Hollis was the best department head the city's ever had. My goodness, what happened to your nose?
GITTES: I cut myself shaving.
YELBURTON: You ought to be more careful. That must really smart.
GITTES: Only when I breathe.
YELBURTON: Only when you breathe... don't tell me you're still working for Mrs. Mulwray?
GITTES: I never was.
YELBURTON: I don't understand.
GITTES: Neither do I, actually. But you hired me or you hired that chippie to hire me.
YELBURTON: Mr. Gittes, you're not making a bit of sense.
GITTES: Well, look at it this way, Mr. Yelburton. Mulwray didn't want to build a dam and he had a reputation that was hard to get around, so. you decided to ruin it. Then he found out that you were dumping water every night. Then he was drowned.
YELBURTON: Mr. Gittes! That's an outrageous accusation. I don't know what you're talking about.
GITTES: Well, Whitey Mehrholtz over at the Times will. Dumping thousands of gallons of water down the toilet in the middle of a drought. That's news.
YELBURTON: Wait. Please sit down, Mr. Gittes. We're... well, we're not anxious for this to get around, but we have been diverting a little water to irrigate avocado and walnut groves in the northwest valley. As you know, the farmers there have no legal right to our water, and since the drought we've had to cut them off. The city comes first, naturally. But, well, we've been trying to help some of them out, keep them from going under. Naturally when you divert water you get a little runoff.
GITTES: Yeah, a little runoff. Where are those orchards?
YELBURTON: I said, the northwest valley.
GITTES: That's like saying they're in Arizona.
YELBURTON: Mr. Gittes, my field men are out and I can't give you an exact location...
GITTES: You're a married man, am I right?
YELBURTON: Yes...
GITTES: Hard working, have a wife and kids...
YELBURTON: Yes...
GITTES: I don't want to nail you. I just want to know who put you up to it. I'll give you a few days to think it over. Call me. I can help. Who knows? Maybe we can lay the whole thing off on a few big shots and you can stay head of the department for the next twenty years.