JEFF: Who said they left then?
DOYLE: Who left -- where?
JEFF: The Thorwalds -- at six in the morning?
DOYLE: The building superintendent, and two tenants. Flat statements -- no hesitation. And they all jibed to the letter. The Thorwalds were leaving for the railroad station.
JEFF: Now how could anybody guess that? They had, perhaps, signs on their luggage, Grand Central Or Bust!"?"
DOYLE: The superintendent met Thorwald coming back. He said Thorwald told him he had just put his wife on the train for the country.
JEFF: A very convenient guy -- this superintendent. Have you checked his bank deposits lately?
DOYLE: Jeff -- huh?
JEFF: Well -- what good is his information?!! It's a second-hand version of an unsupported statement by the murderer himself -- Thorwald! Anybody actually see the wife get on the train?
DOYLE: I hate to remind you -- but this all started because you said she was murdered. Now did anyone, including you, actually see her murdered?
JEFF: Doyle -- are you interested in solving a case, or making me look foolish?
DOYLE: If possible -- both.
JEFF: Well then do a good job of it! Get over there, and search Thorwald's apartment! It must be knee-deep in evidence.
DOYLE: I can't do that.
JEFF: I mean when he goes out for a paper, or a drink, or something. What he doesn't know won't hurt him.
DOYLE: I can't do it even if he's gone.
JEFF: What's the matter? Does he have a courtesy card from the police department?
DOYLE: Now don't get me mad! Even a detective can't walk in anybody's apartment and search it. If I were ever caught in there, I'd lose my badge inside of ten minutes!
JEFF: Just make sure you're not caught. If you find something, you've got a murderer and nobody will care about a couple of house rules. If you find nothing -- he's clear.
DOYLE: At the risk of sounding stuffy, Jeff -- I'll remind you of the Constitution, and the phrase search warrant" issued by a judge who knows the Bill of Rights verbatim. He must ask for evidence."
JEFF: Give him evidence.
DOYLE: I can hear myself starting out. Your Honor -- I have a friend who's an amateur sleuth
JEFF: By morning there might not be anything left to find in his apartment.
DOYLE: A detective's nightmare.
JEFF: What do you need before you can search -- bloody footsteps leading up to the door?
DOYLE: One thing I don't need is heckling! You called and asked me for help -- and now you're acting like a taxpayer!
DOYLE: How did we ever stand each other in that same plane for three years?
JEFF: You know, every day for three years I asked myself that same question?
DOYLE: Ever get an answer?
JEFF: Yeah -- frequently -- it ran something like this: Your request for transfer turned down --""