PETER: Last night a guy named John Townsend tried to shoot me and now I find out you knew him. What the fuck is going on?
MAYA: Please, the children.
PETER: Why did he try to kill me?
MAYA: Townsend believed, just as God became man in Christ. So Satan will assume human form. I believe it too.
PETER: And the point is?
MAYA: At the exorcism, Birdson boasted that Satan is about to take over the body of a man. You are that man, Peter.
PETER: What?!?!
MAYA: It's true. Birdson knew your name, he was writing it in numerical code. It wasn't easy but I figured it out. It spelled your name.
PETER: Why didn't Birdson just say so?
MAYA: If you're possessed, you can't reveal anything Satan wants hidden. Unless you trick him.
PETER: Trick him.
MAYA: The good outwitting the bad. It's like Birdson had a split personality.
PETER: You should think about getting professional help.
MAYA: You're already contaminated. It's why you couldn't hear the tape. There's probably a pentacle near your bed. To sanctify you.
PETER: I'm not going to be drawn into this.
MAYA: I know this sounds crazy. I understand. Check your parents' blood types. Are you sure your parents are your birth parents?
PETER: My parents are dead. Don't even think of bringing them into this.
MAYA: You're about to become the anti-Christ who is born unholy and becomes the door to eternal suffering in this world.
PETER: If you or any of your lunatic friends ever come near me again...
FATHER FRANK: I've had it. Townsend's dead. The police are calling and now I see you having a scene in front of the children. I'm sorry, Maya, you've been with us for many years, but effective immediately, I'm rescinding your right to live at the church.
MAYA: Father, I have nowhere else to stay.
FATHER FRANK: You have a sister in New Orleans.
PETER: I'm gonna have to get a restraining order. What a nightmare.
CLAIRE: I don't know. In a way, I'm glad it all happened.
PETER: You're glad somebody tried to kill me?
CLAIRE: No, of course not, but I think now that this has happened, a lot of things can start to come out...
PETER: Yeah, like...
CLAIRE: Like you need to admit that losing your parents when you were twelve was traumatic.
PETER: It's with me all the time, Claire, I just don't like to talk about it.
CLAIRE: Well, it shattered your faith in everything.
PETER: I'm just temporarily off my game.
CLAIRE: You need to believe in something besides yourself.
PETER: I believe in you.