RAZININ: Good morning, Comrade.
NINOTCHKA: Good morning, Comrade Commissar. Here is my report on the materials available for trading in the next four months.
RAZININ: Does this include the products of the Far Eastern provinces?
NINOTCHKA: Yes, it does.
RAZININ: You mean you have finished the whole investigation?
NINOTCHKA: Yes.
RAZININ: That's marvelous.... You must have worked day and night.... Don't you ever sleep?
NINOTCHKA: I need very little sleep. We must be extremely careful what goods we take in exchange. I have already started a survey of our most urgent needs.
RAZININ: Well, Comrade, I am afraid you will have to turn over that work to someone else.
NINOTCHKA: May I ask why?
RAZININ: Please... sit down.
RAZININ: Cigarette?
NINOTCHKA: Thank you.
RAZININ: Well, Comrade, have you heard from your friends Kopalski, Buljanoff, and Iranoff?
NINOTCHKA: No.
RAZININ: I haven't either, but I've heard about them. You must realize it was only on the strength of your Paris report that I sent them to Constantinople; without that I never would have trusted them on a mission as important as the fur deal.
NINOTCHKA: May I ask what has happened?
RAZININ: As soon as our representatives go to a foreign country they seem to lose all sense of balance. If I told you what's going on in Constantinople right now you wouldn't believe it. Those three have been sitting there for six weeks and haven't sold a piece of fur. This anonymous report was sent me. They are dragging the good name of our country through every café and night club. Here... How can the Bolshevik cause gain respect among the Moslems if your three representatives
NINOTCHKA: Oh, they shouldn't do such things. Are you sure this report is correct?
RAZININ: It gives details which couldn't be invented. Naturally I want to verify it and that's why I need you.
NINOTCHKA: You want me to go to Constantinople?
RAZININ: Yes... leaving immediately.
NINOTCHKA: I appreciate the confidence you show in me, but I must ask you to entrust someone else with this mission. I should hate to interrupt my present work. I am positive that my survey is more important than finding out whether three of our comrades have been drinking some extra glasses of champagne.
RAZININ: That is for me to decide, Comrade Yakushova.
NINOTCHKA: I am sorry, I don't want to overstep my position -- but please... don't send me.
RAZININ: I don't understand.
NINOTCHKA: How can I make myself clear... It is difficult to express but I'd rather not go to foreign countries any more. Please, Comrade... let me stay here... let me finish my work... I am in the rhythm of it now... I don't want to go away. I don't want to be sent into that foreign atmosphere again. It throws one out of gear.... Let me finish my work... I have concentrated everything in it... Please... don't make me go.
RAZININ: Please don't waste my time, Comrade. Do your duty. Good-by.
NINOTCHKA: I will do my best.