SUGAR: Oh - in here.
JOE: Of course. On Thursdays, they always serve me in the small salon.
SUGAR: It's exquisite - like a floating mansion.
JOE: It's all right for a bachelor.
SUGAR: What a beautiful fish.
JOE: Caught him off Cape Hatteras.
SUGAR: What is it?
JOE: Oh - a member of the herring family.
SUGAR: A herring? Isn't it amazing how they get those big fish into those little glass jars?
JOE: They shrink when they're marinated.
JOE: Champagne?
SUGAR: I don't mind if I do.
JOE: Down the hatch - as we say at sea.
SUGAR: Bon voyage.
SUGAR: Look at all that silverware.
JOE: Trophies. You know - skeet-shooing, dog-breeding, water polo...
SUGAR: Water polo - isn't that terribly dangerous?
JOE: I'll say. I had two ponies drowned under me.
SUGAR: Where's your shell collection?
JOE: Yea, of course. Now where could they have put it? On Thursdays, I'm sort of lost around here.
SUGAR: What's on Thursdays?
JOE: It's the crews' night off.
SUGAR: You mean we're alone on the boat?
JOE: Completely.
SUGAR: You know, I've never been completely alone with a man before - in the middle of the night - in the middle of the ocean.
JOE: Oh, it's perfectly safe. We're well anchored - the ship is in shipshape - and the Coast Guard promised to call me if there are any icebergs around.
SUGAR: It's not the icebergs. But there are certain men who would try to take advantage of a situation like this.
JOE: You're flattering me.
SUGAR: Well, of course, I'm sure you're a gentleman.
JOE: Oh, it's not that. It's just that I'm - harmless.
SUGAR: Harmless - how?
JOE: Well, I don't know how to put it - but I have this thing about girls.
SUGAR: What thing?
JOE: They just sort of leave me cold.
SUGAR: You mean - like frigid?
JOE: It's more like a mental block. When I'm with girls, it does nothing to me.
SUGAR: Have you tried?
JOE: Have I? I'm trying all the time.
JOE: See? Nothing.
SUGAR: Nothing at all?
JOE: Complete washout.
SUGAR: That makes me feel just awful.
JOE: Oh, it's not your fault. It's just that every now and then Mother Nature throws somebody a dirty curve. Something goes wrong inside.
SUGAR: You mean you can't fall in love?
JOE: Not anymore. I was in love once - but I'd rather not talk about it. How about a little cold pheasant?
SUGAR: What happened?
JOE: I don't want to bore you.
SUGAR: Oh, you couldn't possibly.
JOE: Well, it was my freshman year at Princeton - there was this girl - her name was Nellie - her father was vice-president of Hupmobile - she wore glasses, too. That summer we spent our vacation at the Grand Canyon - we were standing on the highest ledge, watching the sunset - suddenly we had an impulse to kiss - I took off my glasses - I took a step toward her - she took a step toward me -
SUGAR: Oh, no!
JOE: Yes. Eight hours later they brought her up by mule - I gave her three transfusions - we had the same blood type - Type O - it was too late.
SUGAR: Talk about sad.
JOE: Ever since then - numb - no feelings. Like my heart was shot full of novocaine.
SUGAR: You poor, poor boy.
JOE: Yes - all the money in the world - but what good is it? Mint sauce or cranberries?
SUGAR: How can you think about food at a time like this?
JOE: What else is there for me?
SUGAR: Is it that hopeless?
JOE: My family did everything they could - hired the most beautiful French upstairs maids - got a special tutor to read me all the books that were banned in Boston - imported a whole troupe of Balinese dancers with bells on their ankles and those long fingernails - what a waste of money!
SUGAR: Have you ever tried American girls?
JOE: Why?
SUGAR: Is that anything?
JOE: Thanks just the same.
SUGAR: Maybe if you saw a good doctor...
JOE: I have. Spent six months in Vienna with Professor Freud - flat on my back - - then there were the Mayo Brothers - and injections and hypnosis and mineral baths - if I weren't such a coward, I'd kill myself.
SUGAR: Don't talk like that. I'm sure there must be some girl some place that could -
JOE: If I ever found a girl that could - I'd marry her like that.
SUGAR: Would you do me a favor?
JOE: What is it?
SUGAR: I may not be Dr. Freud or a Mayo Brother or one of those French upstairs girls - but could I take another crack at it?
JOE: All right - if you insist.
SUGAR: Anything this time?
JOE: I'm afraid not. Terribly sorry.
SUGAR: Would you like a little more champagne? And maybe if we had some music - - how do you dim these lights?
JOE: Look, it's terribly sweet of you to want to help out - but it's no use. I think the light switch is over there - - and that's the radio. It's like taking somebody to a concert when he's tone deaf.
SUGAR: You're not giving yourself a chance. Don't fight it. Relax.
JOE: It's like smoking without inhaling.
SUGAR: So inhale!
OSGOOD: Daphne...
JERRY: Yes, Osgood?
OSGOOD: You're leading again.
JERRY: Sorry.
SUGAR: Well - ?
JOE: I'm not quite sure. Try it again.
JOE: I got a funny sensation in my toes - like somebody was barbecuing them over a slow flame.
SUGAR: Lets throw another log on the fire.
JOE: I think you're on the right track.
SUGAR: I must be - because your glasses are beginning to steam up.
JOE: I never knew it could be like this.
SUGAR: Thank you.
JOE: They told me I was caputt - finished - washed up - and now you're making a chump out of all those experts.
SUGAR: Mineral baths - now really!
JOE: Where did you learn to kiss like that?
SUGAR: Oh, you know - Junior League - charity bazaars - I used to sell kisses for the Milk Fund.