DADDY: They'll put her in jail. The damn little fool might as well be naked.
MOTHER: Well, it is a little tight. But it isn't as bad as all that. No one will notice unless they have such thoughts in the first place.
DADDY: Who doesn't have such thoughts? We'd better get going.
MOTHER: You're not having lunch?
DADDY: Just half-a-cup of coffee. I never eat, darlin', you know that. Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses. Let's go, Rose, you and Brother, let's hit the road.
MOTHER: Rose, you and Brother wait in the car. I want to speak for a moment Lo Mr. Hillyer.
ROSE: Yes, Ma'am.
MOTHER: Doll, you and Waski run on, too.
ROSE: Did your Momma really give you castor oil?
BUDDY: Yeah.
ROSE: You're my sweetheart.
MOTHER: I wish you wouldn't pick on Rose and tease her like that. Of course her clothes are silly, but she's ignorant, naive, she doesn't know any better.
DADDY: The girl worries me. If she walks down the street like that, an army will be following her.
MOTHER: Well, I admit that outfit isn't very modest. But she doesn't mean any harm, she just wants to attract, attention.
DADDY: She will succeed.
MOTHER: I don't think you understand her. It isn't sex she wants, it's love she wants and this is the only way she knows how to get it.
DADDY: That farmer in Gadsden was awful eager to get rid of her, and I'm beginning to see why.
MOTHER: He and his wife both said she had a fine moral character and was wonderful with children.
DADDY: Well, she loves children, all right. She loves everybody.
MOTHER: But that's a wonderful quality, not a bad quality. Have a little patience with her. She's such a good-hearted little thing and tries so hard.
DADDY: You are the one who's good-hearted. As for Rose, let's hope for the best.
MOTHER: Be kind to her. She loves you so much. In a perfectly proper way, of course.
DADDY: Yes, of course.
DADDY: What have you got in your hair, girl?
ROSE: My rose. It's kind of like a motto. People will say, there comes Rose with her rose.
DADDY: You were up late last night, Brother.
BUDDY: Well, a little.
DADDY: Reading dirty comic bocks. And you admitted it?
BUDDY: Well, yeah.
DADDY: You were up late last night, too, Rose.
ROSE: Yes, sir. I had to go to the bathroom.