FRANCESCA: Do you mind if I... ask you why you got divorced?
ROBERT: Not at all. I wasn't around much... So why did I get married? Well, I thought it was a good idea at the time. Have a home base. Roots. You can get lost moving around so much.
FRANCESCA: So what happened?
ROBERT: I never got lost. For some reason, I'm more at home everywhere than at one place. So I decided I'll think of myself as some kind of world citizen. I belong everywhere and nowhere. I'm kin to everyone, and no one in particular. See, once you get into the habit of not needing anyone, it's kind of hard to break.
FRANCESCA: You must get lonely at times.
ROBERT: Never touch the stuff. I've got friends all over the world. Good friends I can see when I want, if I want.
FRANCESCA: Woman friends, too?
ROBERT: I'm a loner, I'm not a monk.
FRANCESCA: You really don't need anyone?
ROBERT: No, I think I need everyone! I love people. I want to meet them all! I just think there are too many out there saying This is mine." or "She's mine." Too many lines have been drawn. World's breaking apart because of man's weakness for some testosterone conquests over territory and power and people. He wants control over what deep down he knows he has no control over whatsoever and it scares him silly."
FRANCESCA: Why doesn't it scare you?
ROBERT: I embrace Mystery. I don't know what's coming. And I don't mind.
FRANCESCA: Do you ever regret it? The divorce, I mean.
ROBERT: No.
FRANCESCA: Do you ever regret not having a family?
ROBERT: Not everybody's supposed to have a family.
FRANCESCA: But -- how can you just live for what you want? What about other people?
ROBERT: I told you, I love other people.
FRANCESCA: But no one in particular.
ROBERT: No. But I love them just the same.
FRANCESCA: But it's not the same.
ROBERT: That's not what you're saying. I know it's not the same. What you're saying is, it's not as good. Or it's not as normal or proper.
FRANCESCA: No, I'm just saying --
ROBERT: I'm a little sick of this American Family Ethic everyone seems to be hypnotized by in this country. I guess you think I'm just some poor displaced soul doomed to roam the earth without a self-cleaning oven and home movie.
FRANCESCA: Just because someone chooses to settle down and have a family doesn't necessarily mean they're hypnotized. Just because I've never seen a gazelle stampede doesn't mean I'm asleep in the world.
ROBERT: Do you want to leave your husband?