Dietary Consult - Diabetes - 2, SUBJECTIVE:, The patient is a 79-year-old African-American female with a self reported height of 5 foot 3 inches and weight of 197 pounds. She was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in 1983. She is not allergic to any medicines.,DIABETES MEDICATIONS:, Her diabetes medications include Humulin insulin 70/30, 44 units at breakfast and 22 units at supper. Also metformin 500 mg at supper.,OTHER MEDICATIONS:, Other medications include verapamil, Benicar, Toprol, clonidine, and hydrochlorothiazide.,ASSESSMENT:, The patient and her daughter completed both days of diabetes education in a group setting. Blood glucose records and food diaries are reviewed by the diabetes educator and the dietician. Fasting blood sugars are 127, 80, and 80. Two-hour postprandial breakfast reading was 105, two-hour postprandial lunch reading was 88, and two-hour postprandial dinner reading was 73 and 63. Her diet was excellent.,Seven hours of counseling about diabetes mellitus was provided on this date.,Blood glucose values obtained at 10 a.m. were 84 and at 2.30 p.m. were 109. Assessment of her knowledge is completed at the end of the counseling session. She demonstrated increased knowledge in all areas and had no further questions. She also completed an evaluation of the class.,The patient's feet were examined during the education session. She had flat feet bilaterally. Skin color was pink, temperature warm. Pedal pulses 2+. Her right second and third toes lay on each other. Also, the same on her left foot. However, there was no skin breakdown. She had large bunions, medial aspect of the ball of both feet. She had positive sensitivity to most areas of her feet, however, she had negative sensitivity to the medial and lateral aspect of the balls of her left foot.,During the education session, she set behavioral goals for self care. First goal is to eat three meals a day and eat three snacks daily to improve her blood glucose levels. Second goal is to eat a well balanced meal at 1200 calories in order to lose one-half pound of weight per week and improve her blood glucose control. Third goal is to exercise by walking for 15 to 30 minutes a day, three to five days a week to increase her blood glucose control. Her success in achieving these goals will be followed in three months by a letter from the diabetes education class.,RECOMMENDATIONS:, Since she is doing so well with her diet changes, her blood sugars have been within normal limits and sometimes on the low side, especially considering the fact that she has low blood sugar unawareness. She is to followup with Dr. XYZ for possible reduction in her insulin doses.consult - history and phy., dietary consult, diabetes education, glucose control, blood sugars, blood glucose, dietary, diabetes,