AV Fistula - 5, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSES,1. End-stage renal disease, hypertension, diabetes, need for chronic arteriovenous access.,2. Ischemic cardiomyopathy, ejection fraction 20%.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSES,1. End-stage renal disease, hypertension, diabetes, need for chronic arteriovenous access.,2. Ischemic cardiomyopathy, ejection fraction 20%.,OPERATION,Left forearm arteriovenous fistula between cephalic vein and radial artery.,INDICATION FOR SURGERY,This is a patient referred by Dr. Michael Campbell. He is a 44-year-old African-American, who has end-stage renal disease and also ischemic cardiomyopathy. This morning, he received coronary angiogram by Dr. A, which was reportedly normal, after which, he was brought to the operating room for an AV fistula. All the advantages, disadvantages, risks, and benefits of the procedure were explained to him for which he had consented.,ANESTHESIA,Monitored anesthesia care.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE,The patient was identified, brought to the operating room, placed supine, and IV sedation given. This was done under monitored anesthesia care. He was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. He received local infiltration of 0.25% Marcaine with epinephrine in the region of the proposed incision.,Incision was about 2.5 cm long between the cephalic vein and the distal part of the forearm and the radial artery. Incision was deepened down through the subcutaneous fascia. The vein was identified, dissected for a good length, and then the artery was identified and dissected. Heparin 5000 units was given. The artery clamped proximally and distally, opened up in the middle. It was found to have Monckeberg's arteriosclerosis of a moderate intensity. The vein was of good caliber and size.,The vein was clipped distally, fashioned to size and shape, and arteriotomy created in the distal radial artery and end-to-side anastomosis was performed using 7-0 Prolene and bled prior to tying it down. Thrill was immediately felt and heard.,The incision was closed in two layers and sterile dressing applied.surgery, end-stage renal disease, av fistula, marcaine with epinephrine, monckeberg's, monitored anesthesia care, angiogram, arteriosclerosis, arteriovenous fistula, cephalic vein, ischemic cardiomyopathy, radial artery, subcutaneous fascia, arteriovenous, forearm, ischemic