Cerebral Angiogram, CC: ,Headache (HA),HX:, 10 y/o RHM awoke with a bilateral parieto-occipital HA associated with single episode of nausea and vomiting, 2 weeks prior to presentation. The nausea and vomiting resolved and did not recur. However, he continued to experience similar HA 3-4 times per week during the early morning upon awakening. He never felt the HA awakened him from sleep. The HA were partially relieved by Tylenol or Advil, and he distracted himself from the pain by remaining active. One week prior to presentation, he started to experience short episodes of blurred vision and diplopia. He also became fatigued, less active, and frequently yawned.,He had no prior history of HA and he and his family denied any sign or symptom of focal weakness or numbness, dysphagia, dysarthria, or loss of consciousness.,The patient underwent an MRI brain scan prior to transfer to UIHC. This revealed a mass in the left frontal region adjacent to the left temporal horn. The mass was an inhomogeneous blend of signals on T1 and T2 images giving a suggestion of acute bleeding, hemosiderin deposition and multiple vessels within the mass.,MEDS:, None.,PMH:, 1) He was a 7# 15oz. product of a full term, uncomplicated pregnancy and spontaneous vaginal delivery. His post-partum course was unremarkable. 2)Developmental milestones were reached at the appropriate times; though he was diagnosed with dyslexia 4 years ago. 3) No significant illnesses or hospitalizations.,FHX:, MGF (meningioma). PGF (lymphoma). Mother (migraine HA). Father and 22yr old brother are alive and well.,SHX: ,lives with parents and attends mainstream 5th grade classes.,EXAM:, BP124/93 HR96 RR20 37.9C (tympanic),MS: A & O to person, place, time. Cooperative and interactive. Speech fluent and without dysarthria.,CN: EOM intact. VFFTC, Pupils 3/3 decreasing to 2/2 on exposure to light. Fundoscopy: optic disks flat, no evidence of hemorrhage. The rest of the CN exam was unremarkable.,MOTOR: full strength throughout all 4 extremities. Normal muscle tone and bulk.,Sensory: unremarkable.,Coord: unremarkable.,Station: no pronator drift or Romberg sign,Gait: unremarkable.,Reflexes: 2+ in RUE and RLE. 3 in LUE and LLE. Plantar responses were flexor, bilaterally.,HEENT: no meningismus. no cranial bruits. no skull defects palpated.,GEN EXAM: unremarkable.,COURSE:, GS, PT/PTT, CBC were unremarkable. The MRI finding above lead to a differential diagnosis of Venous Angioma, Arteriovenous Malformation, Ependymoma, Neurocytoma, Glioma: all with associated hemorrhage.,He underwent cerebral angiography on 1/25/93. Upon injection of the RCCA an avascular mass was identified in the right temporal lobe displacing the anterior choroidal artery, and temporal branches of the middle cerebral arteries. The internal cerebral vein is displaced to the left suggesting mass effect. There is a hypoplastic A1 segment and fetal origin of the LPCA. The mass was felt by neuroradiology to represent a hematoma.,He underwent a right frontal craniotomy, 1/28/93. Pathological evaluation of the resected tissue was consistent with a vascular malformation with inclusive reactive glial tissue and evidence of recurrent and remote hemorrhage. There were dilated vascular channels having walls of variable thickness, but without evidence of elastic lamina by elastic staining. This was consistent with venous angioma/malformation.nan