Infantile Spasms, CHIEF COMPLAINT:, Arm and leg jerking.,HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: ,The patient is a 10-day-old Caucasian female here for approximately 1 minute bilateral arm and leg jerks, which started at day of life 1 and have occurred 6 total times since then. Mom denies any apnea, perioral cyanosis, or color changes. These movements are without any back arching. They mainly occur during sleep, so mom is unaware of any eye rolling. Mom is able to wake the patient up during this periods and stop the patient's extremity movements.,Otherwise, this patient has been active, breast-feeding well, although she falls asleep at the breast. She is currently taking in 15 to 20 minutes of breast milk every 2 to 3 hours. She is having increased diapers up to 8 wet and 6 to 7 dirty-yellow stools per day.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, Negative fever, negative fussiness, tracks with her eyes, some sneezing and hiccups. This patient has developed some upper airway congestion in the past day. She has not had any vomiting or diarrhea. Per mom, she does not spit up, and mom is also unable to notice any relationship between these movements and feeds. This patient has not had any rashes. Mom was notified by the nurses at birth that her temperature may be low of approximately 97.5 degrees Fahrenheit. Otherwise, the above history of present illness and other review of systems negative.,BIRTH/PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:, The patient was an 8 pound 11 ounce baby, ex-41-weeker born via vaginal delivery without vacuum assist or forceps. There were no complications during pregnancy such as diabetes or hypertension. Prenatal care started at approximately 3 weeks, and mom maintained all visits. She also denies any smoking, alcohol, or drug use during the pregnancy. Mom was GBS status positive, but denies any other infections such as urinary tract infections. She did not have any fever during labor and received inadequate intrapartum antibiotics prophylaxis. After delivery, this patient did not receive antibiotics secondary to borderline labs. She was jaundiced after birth and received photo treatments. Her discharge bilirubin level was approximately 11. Mom and child stayed in the hospital for approximately 3-1/2 days.,Mom denies any history of sexually transmitted disease in her or dad. She specifically denies any blistering, herpetic genital lesions. She does have a history though of human papillomavirus warts (vaginal), removed 20 years ago.,PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:, Negative.,ALLERGIES:, No known drug allergies.,MEDICATIONS:, None.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, At home live mom, dad, and 18-, 16-, 14-, 12-year-old brothers, and a 3-year-old sister. All the residents at home are sick currently with cold, cough, runny nose, except for mom. At home also live 2 dogs and 2 outside cats. Mom denies any recent travel history, especially during the recent holidays and no smoke exposures.,FAMILY HISTORY:, Dad is with a stepdaughter with seizures starting at 14 years old, on medications currently. The patient's 16-year-old brother has incessant nonsustained ventricular tachycardia. The maternal grandmother is notable for hypertension and diabetes. There are no other children in the family who see a specialist or no child death less than 1 year of age.,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:nan