Esophagogastroduodenoscopy - 13, PROCEDURE PERFORMED:, Esophagogastroduodenoscopy performed in the emergency department.,INDICATION:, Melena, acute upper GI bleed, anemia, and history of cirrhosis and varices.,FINAL IMPRESSION,1. Scope passage massive liquid in stomach with some fresh blood near the fundus, unable to identify source due to gastric contents.,2. Endoscopy following erythromycin demonstrated grade I esophageal varices. No stigmata of active bleeding. Small amount of fresh blood within the hiatal hernia. No definite source of bleeding seen.,PLAN,1. Repeat EGD tomorrow morning following aggressive resuscitation and transfusion.,2. Proton-pump inhibitor drip.,3. Octreotide drip.,4. ICU bed.,PROCEDURE DETAILS: ,Prior to the procedure, physical exam was stable. During the procedure, vital signs remained within normal limits. Prior to sedation, informed consent was obtained. Risks, benefits, and alternatives including, but not limited to risk of bleeding, infection, perforation, adverse reaction to medication, failure to identify pathology, pancreatitis, and death explained to the patient and his wife, who accepted all risks. The patient was prepped in the left lateral position. IV sedation was given to a total of fentanyl 100 mcg and midazolam 4 mg for the initial EGD. An additional 50 mcg of fentanyl and 2 mg of midazolam were given following erythromycin. Scope tip of the Olympus gastroscope was passed into the esophagus. Proximal, middle, and distal thirds of the esophagus were well visualized. There was fresh blood in the esophagus, which was washed thoroughly, but no source was seen. No evidence of varices was seen. The stomach was entered. The stomach was filled with very large clot and fresh blood and liquid, which could not be suctioned due to the clot burden. There was a small amount of bright red blood near the fundus, but a source could not be identified due to the clot burden. Because of this, the gastroscope was withdrawn. The patient was given 250 mg of erythromycin in the Emergency Department and 30 minutes later, the scope was repassed. On the second look, the esophagus was cleared. The liquid gastric contents were cleared. There was still a moderate amount of clot burden in the stomach, but no active bleeding was seen. There was a small grade I esophageal varices, but no stigmata of bleed. There was also a small amount of fresh blood within the hiatal hernia, but no source of bleeding was identified. The patient was hemodynamically stable; therefore, a decision was made for a second look in the morning. The scope was withdrawn and air was suctioned. The patient tolerated the procedure well and was sent to recovery without immediate complications.gastroenterology, gi bleed, anemia, cirrhosis, stomach, fundus, hiatal hernia, esophagogastroduodenoscopy, erythromycin, varices, esophagus,