Autopsy - 6, ANATOMICAL SUMMARY,1. Sharp force wound of neck, left side, with transection of left internal jugular vein.,2. Multiple stab wounds of chest, abdomen, and left thigh: Penetrating stab wounds of chest and abdomen with right hemothorax and hemoperitoneum.,3. Multiple incised wounds of scalp, face, neck, chest and left hand (defense wound).,4. Multiple abrasions upper extremities and hands (defense wounds).,NOTES AND PROCEDURES,1. The body is described in the Standard Anatomical Position. Reference is to this position only.,2. Where necessary, injuries are numbered for reference. This is arbitrary and does not correspond to any order in which they may have been incurred. All the injuries are antemortem, unless otherwise specified.,3. The term anatomic is used as a specification to indicate correspondence with the description as set forth in the textbooks of Gross Anatomy. It denotes freedom from significant, visible or morbid alteration.,EXTERNAL EXAMINATION:, The body is that of a well developed, well nourished Caucasian male stated to be 25 years old. The body weighs 171 pounds, measuring 69 inches from crown to sole. The hair on the scalp is brown and straight. The irides appear hazel with the pupils fixed and dilated. The sclerae and conjunctive are unremarkable, with no evidence of petechial hemorrhages on either. Both upper and lower teeth are natural, and there are no injuries of the gums, cheeks, or lips.,There is a picture-type tattoo on the lateral aspect of the left upper arm. There are no deformities, old surgical scars or amputations.,Rigor mortis is fixed.,The body appears to the Examiner as stated above. Identification is by toe tag and the autopsy is not material to identification. The body is not embalmed.,The head is normocephalic, and there is extensive evidence of external traumatic injury, to be described below. Otherwise, the eyes, nose and mouth are not remarkable. The neck shows sharp force injuries to be described below. The front of the chest and abdomen likewise show injuries to be described below. The genitalia are that of an adult male, with the penis circumcised, and no evidence of injury.,Examination of the posterior surface of the trunk reveals no antemortem traumatic injuries.,Refer to available photographs and diagrams and to the specific documentation of the autopsy protocol.,CLOTHING:, The clothes were examined both before and after removal from the body.,The decedent was wearing a long-sleeved type of shirt/sweater; it was extensively bloodstained.,On the front, lower right side, there was a 1 1/2 inch long slit-like tear. Also on the lower right sleeve there was a 1 inch slit-like tear. On the back there was a 1/2 inch slit-like tear on the right lower side.,Decedent was wearing a pair of Levi jeans bloodstained. On the outside of the left hip region there was a 1-1/2 inch long slit-like tear. The decedent also was wearing 2 canvas type boots and 2 sweat socks.,EVIDENCE OF THERAPEUTIC INTERVENTION:, None.,EVIDENCE OF INJURY,SHARP FORCE INJURIES OF NECK,1. Sharp force injury of neck, left side, transecting left internal jugular vein. This sharp force injury is complex, and appears to be a combination of a stabbing and cutting wound. It begins on the left side of the neck, at the level of the midlarynx, over the left sternocleidomastoid muscle; it is gaping, measuring 3 inches in length with smooth edges. It tapers superiorly to 1 inch in length cut skin. Dissection discloses that the wound path is through the skin, the subcutaneous tissue, and the sternocleidomastoid muscle with hemorrhage along the wound path and transection of the left internal jugular vein, with dark red-purple hemorrhage in the adjacent subcutaneous tissue and fascia. The direction of the pathway is upward and slightly front to back for a distance of approximately 4 inches where it exits, post-auricular, in a 2 inch in length gaping stab/incised wound which has undulating or wavy borders, but not serrated. Intersecting the wound at right angle superior inferior is a 2 inch in length interrupted superficial, linear incised wound involving only the skin. Also, intervening between the 2 gaping stab-incised wounds is a horizontally oriented 3-1/2 inch in length interrupted superficial, linear incised wound of the skin only. In addition, there is a 1/2 inch long, linear-triangular in size wound of the inferior portion of the left earlobe. The direction of the sharp force injury is upward (rostral), and slightly front to back with no significant angulation or deviation. The total length of the wound path is approximately 4 inches. However, there is a 3/4 inch in length, linear, cutting or incised wound of the top or superior aspect of the pinna of the left ear; a straight metallic probe placed through the major sharp force injury shows that the injury of the superior part of the ear can be aligned with the straight metallic rod, suggesting that the 3 injuries are related; in this instance the total length of the wound path is approximately 6 inches. Also, in the left postauricular region, transversely oriented, extending from the auricular attachment laterally to the scalp is a 1-1/8 inch in length linear superficial incised skin wound.,OPINION:, This sharp force injury of the neck is fatal, associated with transection of the left internal jugular vein.,2. Sharp force wound of the right side of neck. This is a complex injury, appearing to be a combination stabbing and cutting wound. The initial wound is present on the right side of the neck, over the sternocleidomastoid muscle, 3 inches directly below the right external auditory canal. It is diagonally oriented, and after approximation of the edges measures 5/8 inch in length; there is a pointed or tapered end inferiorly and a split or forked end superiorly approximately 1/16 inch in maximal width. Subsequent autopsy shows that the wound path is through the skin and subcutaneous tissue, without penetration of injury of a major,artery or vein; the direction is front to back and upward for a total wound path length of 2 inches and the wound exits on the right side of the back of the neck, posterior to the right sternocleidomastoid muscle where a 2 inch long gaping incised/stab wound is evident on the skin; both ends are tapered; superiorly there is a 1 inch long superficial incised wounds extension on the skin to the back of the head; inferiorly there is a 2 inch long incised superficial skin extension, extending inferiorly towards the back of the neck. There is fresh hemorrhage and bruising along the wound path; the direction, as stated, is upward and slightly front to back.,OPINION: ,This is a nonfatal sharp force injury, with no injury or major artery or vein.,3. At the level of the superior border of the larynx there is a transversely oriented, superficial incised wound of the neck, extending from 3 inches to the left of the anterior midline; it is 3 inches in length and involves the skin only; a small amount of cutaneous hemorrhage is evident.,OPINION:, This is a nonfatal superficial incised wound.,4. ImmediateLY inferior and adjacent to incised wound #3 is a transversely oriented, superficial incised wound involving the skin and subcutaneous tissue; there is a small amount of dermal hemorrhage.,OPINION:, This is a nonfatal superficial incised wound.,SHARP FORCE INJURIES OF FACE,1. There is a stab wound, involving the right earlobe; it is vertically oriented, and after approximation of the edges measures 1 inch in length with forked or split ends superiorly and inferiorly approximately 1/16 inch in total width both superior and inferior. Subsequent dissection discloses that the wound path is from right to left, in the horizontal plane for approximately 1-1/4 inches; there is fresh hemorrhage along the wound path; the wound path terminates in the left temporal bone and does not penetrate the cranial cavity.,OPINION:, This is a nonfatal stab wound.,2. There is a group of 5 superficial incised or cutting wounds on the right side of the face, involving the right cheek and the right side of the jaw. They are varied in orientation both diagonal and horizontal; the smallest is 1/4 inch in length; the largest 5/8 inch in length. They are superficial, involving the skin only, associated with a small amount of cutaneous hemorrhage.,3. On the back of the neck, right side, posterior to the ear and posterior border of the right sternocleidomastoid muscle there is vertically oriented superficial incised skin wound, measuring 3/4 inch in length.,4. There are numerous superficial incised wounds or cuts, varied in orientation, involving the skin of the right cheek, intersection and mingled with the various superficial incised wounds described above. The longest is a 3 inch long diagonally oriented superficial incised wound extending from the right side of the forehead to the cheek; various other superficial wound vary from 1/2 to 1 inch.,5. On the right side of the cheek, adjacent to the ramus of the mandible, right, there is a 1-1/2 x 3/4 inch superficial nonpatterned red-brown abrasion with irregular border, extending superiorly towards the angle of the jaw where there are poorly defined and circumscribed abrasions adjacent to the superficial cuts or abrasions described above. It should be noted that the 5th superficial incised wound of the right side of the mandible which measures 5/8 inch in length is tapered on the posterior aspect and forked on the anterior aspect where it has a width of 1/32 inch.,6. On the left ear, there is a superficial incised wound measuring 1/4 inch, adjacent to the posterior border of the pinna. Just below this on the inferior pinna, extending to the earlobe, there is an interrupted superficial linear abrasion measuring 1 inch in length.nan