Consult - Hydronephrosis, CHIEF COMPLAINT:, Right hydronephrosis.,HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, The patient is a 56-year-old female who has a history of uterine cancer, breast cancer, mesothelioma. She is scheduled to undergo mastectomy in two weeks. In September 1999, she was diagnosed with right breast cancer and underwent lumpectomy and axillary node dissection and radiation. Again, she is scheduled for mastectomy in two weeks. She underwent a recent PET scan for Dr. X, which revealed marked hydronephrosis on the right possibly related to right UPJ obstruction and there is probably a small nonobstructing stone in the upper pole of the right kidney. There was no dilation of the right ureter noted. Urinalysis today is microscopically negative.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:, Uterine cancer, mesothelioma, breast cancer, diabetes, hypertension.,PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:, Lumpectomy, hysterectomy.,MEDICATIONS:, Diovan HCT 80/12.5 mg daily, metformin 500 mg daily.,ALLERGIES:, None.,FAMILY HISTORY:, Noncontributory.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, She is retired. Does not smoke or drink.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, I have reviewed his review of systems sheet and it is on the chart.,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:, Please see the physical exam sheet I completed. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended, no palpable masses, no CVA tenderness.,IMPRESSION AND PLAN:, Marked right hydronephrosis without hydruria. She believes she had a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis at Hospital in 2005. I will try to obtain the report to see if the right kidney was evaluated at that time. She will need evaluation with an IVP and renal scan to determine the point of obstruction and renal function of the right kidney. She is quite anxious about her upcoming surgery and would like to delay any evaluation of this until the surgery is completed. She will call us back to schedule the x-rays. She understands the great importance and getting back in touch with us to schedule these x-rays due to the possibility that it may be somehow related to the cancer. There is also a question of a stone present in the kidney. She voiced a complete understanding of that and will call us after she recovers from her surgery to schedule these tests.nephrology, hydruria, hydronephrosis, review of systems, uterine cancer, breast cancer, mesothelioma, mastectomy, kidney, cancer,