Tinea Pedis - H&P, CHIEF COMPLAINT (1/1): ,This 24 year-old female presents today complaining of itchy, red rash on feet. Associated signs and symptoms: Associated signs and symptoms include tingling, right. Context: Patient denies any previous history, related trauma or previous treatments for this condition. Duration: Condition has existed for 4 weeks. Location: She indicates the problem location is right great toe, right 2nd toe, right 3rd toe and right 4th toe. Modifying factors: Patient indicates ice improves condition. Quality: Quality of the itch is described by the patient as constant. Severity: Severity of condition is unbearable. Timing (onset/frequency): Onset was after leaving on sweaty socks.,ALLERGIES:, Patient admits allergies to adhesive tape resulting in severe rash.,MEDICATION HISTORY:, None.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:, Childhood Illnesses: (+) chickenpox, (+) frequent ear infections.,PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: ,Patient admits past surgical history of ear tubes.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, Patient admits alcohol use Drinking is described as social, Patient denies tobacco use, Patient denies illegal drug use, Patient denies STD history.,FAMILY HISTORY:, Patient admits a family history of cataract associated with maternal grandmother,,headaches/migraines associated with maternal aunt.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, Unremarkable with exception of chief complaint.,PHYSICAL EXAM:, BP Sitting: 110/64 Resp: 18 HR: 66 Temp: 98.6,Patient is a 24 year old female who appears well developed, well nourished and with good attention to hygiene and body habitus. Cardiovascular: Skin temperature of the lower extremities is warm to cool, proximal to distal.,DP pulses palpable bilateral.,PT pulses palpable bilateral.,CFT immediate.,No edema observed.,Varicosities are not observed. Skin: Right great toe, right 2nd toe, right 3rd toe and right 4th toenail shows erythema and scaling.,Neurological: Touch, pin, vibratory and proprioception sensations are normal. Deep tendon reflexes normal.,Musculoskeletal: Muscle strength is 5/5 for all groups tested. Muscle tone is normal. Inspection and palpation of bones, joints and muscles is unremarkable.,TEST RESULTS:, No tests to report at this time,IMPRESSION:, Tinea pedis.,PLAN: ,Obtained fungal culture of skin from right toes. KOH prep performed revealed no visible microbes.,PRESCRIPTIONS:, Lotrimin AF Dosage: 1% cream Sig: apply qid Dispense: 4oz tube Refills: 0 Allow Generic: Yesnan