Neuro Consult - Depression & Dementia, Subsequently, the patient developed a moderately severe depression. She was tried on various medications, which caused sweating, nightmares and perhaps other side effects. She was finally put on Effexor 25 mg two tablets h.s. and trazodone 100 mg h.s., and has done fairly well, although she still has significant depression.,Her daughter brought her in today to be sure that she does not have dementia. There is no history of memory loss. There is no history of focal neurologic symptoms or significant headaches.,The patient's complaints, according to the daughter, include not wanted to go out in public, shamed regarding her appearance (25-pound weight loss over the past year), eating poorly, not doing things unless asked, hiding food to prevent having to eat it, nervousness, and not taking a shower. She has no focal neurologic deficits. She does complain of constipation. She has severe sleep maintenance insomnia and often sleeps only 2 hours before awakening frequently for the rest of the night.,The patient was apparently visiting her daughter in northern California in December 2003. She was taken to her daughter's primary care physician. She underwent vitamin B12 level, RPR, T4 and TSH, all of which were normal.,On 05/15/04, the patient underwent MRI scan of the brain. I reviewed the scan in the office today. This shows moderate cortical and central atrophy and also shows mild-to-moderate deep white matter ischemic changes.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:, The patient has generally been in reasonably good physical health. She did have a nervous breakdown in 1975 after the death of her husband. She was hospitalized for several weeks and was treated with ECT. This occurred while she was living in Korea.,She does not smoke or drink alcoholic beverages. She has had no prior surgeries. There is a past history of hypertension, but this is no longer present.,FAMILY HISTORY:, Negative for dementia. Her mother died of a stroke at the age of 62.,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:,Vital Signs: Blood pressure 128/80, pulse 84, temperature 97.4 F, and weight 105 lbs (dressed).,General: Well-developed, well-nourished Korean female in no acute distress.,Head: Normocephalic, without evidence of trauma or bruits.,Neck: Supple, with full range of motion. No spasm or tenderness. Carotid pulsations are of normal volume and contour bilaterally without bruits. No thyromegaly or adenopathy.,Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis, edema, or deformity. Range of motion full throughout.,NEUROLOGICAL EXAMINATION:,Mental Status: The patient is awake, alert and oriented to time, place, and person and generally appropriate. She exhibits mild psychomotor retardation and has a flat or depressed affect. She knows the current president of Korea and the current president of the United States. She can recall 3 out of 3 objects after 5 minutes. Calculations are performed fairly well with occasional errors. There is no right-left confusion, finger agnosia, dysnomia or aphasia.,Cranial Nerves:,II:nan