MRI Ankle - 1, EXAM:,MRI RIGHT ANKLE,CLINICAL:,This is a 51 year old female who first came into the office 3/4/05 with right ankle pain. She stepped on ice the evening prior and twisted her ankle. PF's showed no frank fracture, dislocation, or subluxations.,FINDINGS:,Received for interpretation is an MRI examination performed on 4/28/2005.,There is a high ankle sprain of the distal tibiofibular syndesmotic ligamentous complex involving the anterior tibiofibular ligament with marked ligamentous inflammatory thickening and diffuse interstitial edema. There is osteoarthritic spur formation at the anterior aspect of the fibula with a small 2mm osseous structure within the markedly thickened anterior talofibular ligament suggesting a small ligamentous osseous avulsion. The distal tibiofibular syndesmotic ligamentous complex remains intact without a complete rupture. There is no widening of the ankle mortis. The posterior talofibular ligament remains intact.,There is marked ligamentous thickening of the anterior talofibular ligament of the lateral collateral ligamentous complex suggesting the sequela of a remote lateral ankle sprain. There is thickening of the posterior talofibular and calcaneofibular ligaments.,There is a flat retromalleolar sulcus.,There is a full-thickness longitudinal split tear of the peroneus brevis tendon within the retromalleolar groove. The tear extends to the level of the inferior peroneal retinaculum. There is anterior displacement of the peroneus longus tendon into the split peroneus tendon tear.,There is severe synovitis of the peroneus longus tendon sheath with prominent fluid distention. The synovitis extends to the level of the inferior peroneal retinaculum.,There is a focal area of chondral thinning of the hyaline cartilage of the medial talar dome with a focal area of subchondral plate cancellous marrow resorption consistent with and area of prior talar dome contusion but there is no focal osteochondral impaction or osteochondral defect.,There is minimal fluid within the tibiotalar articulation.,There is minimal fluid within the posterior subtalar articulation with mild anterior capsular prolapse. Normal talonavicular and calcaneocuboid articulations. The anterior superior calcaneal process is normal.,There is mild tenosynovitis of the posterior tibialis tendon sheath but an intrinsically normal tendon. There is an os navicularis (Type II synchondrosis) with an intact synchondrosis and no active marrow stress phenomenon.,Normal flexor digitorum longus tendon.,There is prominent fluid distention of the flexor hallucis longus tendon sheath with capsular distention proximal to the posterior talar processes with prominent fluid distention of the synovial sheath.,There is a loculated fluid collection within Kager’s fat measuring approximately 1 x 1 x 2.5cm in size, extending to the posterior subtalar facet joint consistent with a ganglion of either posterior subtalar facet origin or arising from the flexor hallucis longus tendon sheath.,There is mild tenosynovitis of the Achilles tendon with mild fusiform enlargement of the non-insertional Watershed zone of the Achilles tendon but there is no demonstrated tendon tear or tenosynovitis. There is a low-lying soleus muscle that extends to within 4cm of the teno-osseous insertion of the Achilles tendon. There is no Haglund’s deformity.,There is a plantar calcaneal spur measuring approximately 6mm in size, without a reactive marrow stress phenomenon. Normal plantar fascia.,IMPRESSION:,Partial high ankle sprain with diffuse interstitial edema of the anterior tibiofibular ligament with a ligamentous chip avulsion but without a disruption of the anterior tibiofibular ligament.,Marked ligamentous thickening of the lateral collateral ligamentous complex consistent with the sequela of a remote lateral ankle sprain.,Full-thickness longitudinal split tear of the peroneus brevis tendon with severe synovitis of the peroneal tendon sheath.,Post-traumatic deformity of the medial talar dome consistent with a prior osteochondral impaction injury but no osteochondral defect. Residual subchondral plate cancellous marrow edema.,Severe synovitis of the flexor hallucis longus tendon sheath with prominent fluid distention of the synovial sheath proximal to the posterior talar processes.,Septated cystic structure within Kager’s fat triangle extending along the superior aspect of the calcaneus consistent with a ganglion of either articular or synovial sheath origin.,Plantar calcaneal spur but no reactive marrow stress phenomenon.,Mild tendinosis of the Achilles tendon but no tendinitis or tendon tear.,Os navicularis (Type II synchondrosis) without an active marrow stress phenomenon.nan