Esophagogastroduodenoscopy - 3, PROCEDURES:, Esophagogastroduodenoscopy and colonoscopy with biopsy and polypectomy.,REASON FOR PROCEDURE:, Child with abdominal pain and rectal bleeding. Rule out inflammatory bowel disease, allergic enterocolitis, rectal polyps, and rectal vascular malformations.,CONSENT:, History and physical examination was performed. The procedure, indications, alternatives available, and complications, i.e. bleeding, perforation, infection, adverse medication reaction, the possible need for blood transfusion, and surgery should a complication occur were discussed with the parents who understood and indicated this. Opportunity for questions was provided and informed consent was obtained.,MEDICATION: ,General anesthesia.,INSTRUMENT:, Olympus GIF-160.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,FINDINGS:, With the patient in the supine position and intubated, the endoscope was inserted without difficulty into the hypopharynx. The esophageal mucosa and vascular pattern appeared normal. The lower esophageal sphincter was located at 25 cm from the central incisors. It appeared normal. A Z-line was identified within the lower esophageal sphincter. The endoscope was advanced into the stomach, which distended with excess air. Rugal folds flattened completely. Gastric mucosa appeared normal throughout. No hiatal hernia was noted. Pyloric valve appeared normal. The endoscope was advanced into the first, second, and third portions of duodenum, which had normal mucosa, coloration, and fold pattern. Biopsies were obtained x2 in the second portion of duodenum, antrum, and distal esophagus at 22 cm from the central incisors for histology. Additional 2 biopsies were obtained for CLO testing in the antrum. Excess air was evacuated from the stomach. The scope was removed from the patient who tolerated that part of procedure well. The patient was turned and the scope was advanced with some difficulty to the terminal ileum. The terminal ileum mucosa and the colonic mucosa throughout was normal except at approximately 10 cm where a 1 x 1 cm pedunculated juvenile-appearing polyp was noted. Biopsies were obtained x2 in the terminal ileum, cecum, ascending colon, transverse colon, descending colon, sigmoid, and rectum. Then, the polyp was snared right at the base of the polyp on the stalk and 20 watts of pure coag was applied in 2-second bursts x3. The polyp was severed. There was no bleeding at the stalk after removal of the polyp head. The polyp head was removed by suction. Excess air was evacuated from the colon. The patient tolerated that part of the procedure well and was taken to recovery in satisfactory condition. Estimated blood loss approximately 5 mL.,IMPRESSION:, Normal esophagus, stomach, duodenum, and colon as well as terminal ileum except for a 1 x 1-cm rectal polyp, which was removed successfully by polypectomy snare.,PLAN: ,Histologic evaluation and CLO testing. I will contact the parents next week with biopsy results and further management plans will be discussed at that time.surgery, esophagus, stomach, duodenum, rectal polyp, polypectomy snare, olympus gif-160, endoscope was advanced, clo testing, polyp head, terminal ileum, polypectomy, biopsies, esophagogastroduodenoscopy, ileum, mucosa, colonoscopy,