Revision Rhinoplasty., PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Nasal deformity, status post rhinoplasty.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Same.,PROCEDURE:, Revision rhinoplasty (CPT 30450). Left conchal cartilage harvest (CPT 21235).,ANESTHESIA:, General.,INDICATIONS FOR THE PROCEDURE:, This patient is an otherwise healthy male who had a previous nasal fracture. During his healing, perioperatively he did sustain a hockey puck to the nose resulting in a saddle-nose deformity with septal hematoma. The patient healed status post rhinoplasty as a result but was left with a persistent saddle-nose dorsal defect. The patient was consented for the above-stated procedure. The risks, benefits, and alternatives were discussed.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE: ,The patient was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. The patient did have approximately 12 mL of Lidocaine with epinephrine 1% with 1:100,000 infiltrated into the nasal soft tissues. In addition to this, cocaine pledgets were placed to assist with hemostasis.,At this point, attention was turned to the left ear. Approximately 3 mL of 1% Lidocaine with 1:100,000 epinephrine was infiltrated into the subcutaneous tissues of the conchal bulb. Betadine was utilized for preparation. A 15 blade was used to incise along the posterior conchal area and a Freer elevator was utilized to lift the soft tissues off the conchal cartilage in a submucoperichondrial plane. I then completed this along the posterior aspect of the conchal cartilage, was transected in the concha cavum and concha cymba, both were harvested. These were placed aside in saline. Hemostasis was obtained with bipolar electrocauterization. Bovie electrocauterization was also employed as needed. The entire length of the wound was then closed with 5-0 plain running locking suture. The patient then had a Telfa placed both anterior and posterior to the conchal defect and placed in a sandwich dressing utilizing a 2-0 Prolene suture. Antibiotic ointment was applied generously.,Next, attention was turned to opening and lifting the soft tissues of the nose. A typical external columella inverted V gull-wing incision was placed on the columella and trailed into a marginal incision. The soft tissues of the nose were then elevated using curved sharp scissors and Metzenbaums. Soft tissues were elevated over the lower lateral cartilages, upper lateral cartilages onto the nasal dorsum. At this point, attention was turned to osteotomies and examination of the external cartilages.,The patient did have very broad lower lateral cartilages leading to a bulbous tip. The lower lateral cartilages were trimmed in a symmetrical fashion leaving at least 8 mm of lower lateral cartilage bilaterally along the lateral aspect. Having completed this, the patient had medial and lateral osteotomies performed with a 2-mm osteotome. These were done transmucosally after elevating the tract using a Cottle elevator. Direct hemostasis pressure was applied to assist with bruising.,Next, attention was turned to tip mechanisms. The patient had a series of double-dome sutures placed into the nasal tip. Then, 5-0 Dexon was employed for intradomal suturing, 5-0 clear Prolene was used for interdomal suturing. Having completed this, a 5-0 clear Prolene alar spanning suture was employed to narrow the superior tip area.,Next, attention was turned to dorsal augmentation. A Gore-Tex small implant had been selected, previously incised. This was taken to the back table and carved under sterile conditions. The patient then had the implant placed into the super-tip area to assist with support of the nasal dorsum. It was placed into a precise pocket and remained in the midline.,Next, attention was turned to performing a columella strut. The cartilage from the concha was shaped into a strut and placed into a precision pocket between the medial footplate of the lower lateral cartilage. This was fixed into position utilizing a 5-0 Dexon suture.,Having completed placement of all augmentation grafts, the patient was examined for hemostasis. The external columella inverted gull-wing incision along the nasal tip was closed with a series of interrupted everting 6-0 black nylon sutures. The entire marginal incisions for cosmetic rhinoplasty were closed utilizing a series of 5-0 plain interrupted sutures.,At the termination of the case, the ear was inspected and the position of the conchal cartilage harvest was hemostatic. There was no evidence of hematoma, and the patient had a series of brown Steri-Strips and Aquaplast cast placed over the nasal dorsum. The inner nasal area was then examined at the termination of the case and it seemed to be hemostatic as well.,The patient was transferred to the PACU in stable condition. He was charged to home on antibiotics to prevent infection both from the left ear conchal cartilage harvest and also the Gore-Tex implant area. He was asked to follow up in 4 days for removal of the bolster overlying the conchal cartilage harvest.surgery, nasal deformity, rhinoplasty, conchal cartilage harvest, conchal bulb, conchal, submucoperichondrial, gull-wing incision, gore-tex, gull wing incision, lower lateral cartilages, revision rhinoplasty, nasal dorsum, cartilage harvest, conchal cartilage, cartilage, nasal, deformity, hemostasis, columella, harvest, cartilages