Tesio Hemodialysis Catheter Insertion, OPERATION,1. Insertion of a left subclavian Tesio hemodialysis catheter.,2. Surgeon-interpreted fluoroscopy.,OPERATIVE PROCEDURE IN DETAIL:, After obtaining informed consent from the patient, including a thorough explanation of the risks and benefits of the aforementioned procedure, patient was taken to the operating room and MAC anesthesia was administered. Next, the patient's chest and neck were prepped and draped in the standard surgical fashion. Lidocaine 1% was used to infiltrate the skin in the region of the procedure. Next a #18-gauge finder needle was used to locate the left subclavian vein. After aspiration of venous blood, Seldinger technique was used to thread a J wire through the needle. This process was repeated. The 2 J wires and their distal tips were confirmed to be in adequate position with surgeon-interpreted fluoroscopy. Next, the subcutaneous tunnel was created. The distal tips of the individual Tesio hemodialysis catheters were pulled through to the level of the cuff. A dilator and sheath were passed over the individual J wires. The dilator and wire were removed, and the distal tip of the Tesio hemodialysis catheter was threaded through the sheath, which was simultaneously withdrawn. The process was repeated. Both distal tips were noted to be in good position. The Tesio hemodialysis catheters were flushed and aspirated without difficulty. The catheters were secured at the cuff level with a 2-0 nylon. The skin was closed with 4-0 Monocryl. Sterile dressing was applied. The patient tolerated the procedure well and was transferred to the PACU in good condition.surgery, needle, tesio hemodialysis catheter, hemodialysis catheter, fluoroscopy, catheters, catheter, tesio, hemodialysisNOTE,: Thesetranscribed medical transcription sample reports and examples are provided by various users andare for reference purpose only. MTHelpLine does not certify accuracy and quality of sample reports.These transcribed medical transcription sample reports may include some uncommon or unusual formats;this would be due to the preference of the dictating physician. All names and dates have beenchanged (or removed) to keep confidentiality. Any resemblance of any type of name or date orplace or anything else to real world is purely incidental.