Disseminated Intravascular Coagulation, DIAGNOSES:,1. Disseminated intravascular coagulation.,2. Streptococcal pneumonia with sepsis.,CHIEF COMPLAINT:, Unobtainable as the patient is intubated for respiratory failure.,CURRENT HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, This is a 20-year-old female who presented with symptoms of pneumonia and developed rapid sepsis and respiratory failure requiring intubation. At this time, she is being treated aggressively with mechanical ventilation and other supportive measures and has developed disseminated intravascular coagulation with prolonged partial thromboplastin time, prothrombin time, low fibrinogen, and elevated D-dimer. At this time, I am being consulted for further evaluation and recommendations for treatment. The nurses report that she has actually improved clinically over the last 24 hours. Bleeding has been a problem; however, it seems to have been abrogated at this time with factor replacement as well as platelet infusion. There is no prior history of coagulopathy.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: ,Otherwise nondescript as is the past surgical history.,SOCIAL HISTORY: ,There were possible illicit drugs. Her family is present, and I have discussed her case with her mother and sister.,FAMILY HISTORY: ,Otherwise noncontributory.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, Not otherwise pertinent.,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:,GENERAL: She is a sedated, young black female in no acute distress, lying in bed intubated.,VITAL SIGNS: She has a rate of 67, blood pressure of 100/60, and the respiratory rate per the ventilator approximately 14 to 16.,HEENT: Her sclerae showed conjunctival hemorrhage. There are no petechiae. Her nasal vestibules are clear. Oropharynx has ET tube in place.,NECK: No jugular venous pressure distention.,CHEST: Coarse breath sounds bilaterally.,HEART: Regular rate and rhythm.,ABDOMEN: Soft and nontender with good bowel sounds. There was some oozing around the site of her central line.,EXTREMITIES: No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. There is no evidence of compromise arterial blood flow at the digits or of her hands or feet.,LABORATORY STUDIES: ,The DIC parameters with a platelet count of approximately 50,000, INR of 2.4, normal PTT at this time, fibrinogen of 200, and a D-dimer of 13.,IMPRESSION/PLAN: ,At this time is disseminated intravascular coagulation from sepsis from pneumococcal disease. My recommendation for the patient is to continue factor replacement as you are. It seems that her clinical course is reversing and simple factor replacement is probably is the best measure at this time. There is no indication at this point for Xigris. However, if her coagulopathy does not resolve within the next 24 hours and continue to improve with an elevated fibrinogen, normalization of her coagulation times, I would consider low-dose continuous infusion heparin for abrogation of consumption of coagulation routines and continued supportive infusions. I will repeat her laboratory studies in the morning and give more recommendations at that time.general medicine, intravascular, coagulation, pneumonia, thromboplastin time, prothrombin time, disseminated intravascular coagulation, streptococcal pneumonia, intravascular coagulation, infusion, coagulopathy, fibrinogen, respiratory, oropharynx, sepsis, disseminated,