Multiple Meningiomas, CC:, Stable expressive aphasia and decreased vision.,HX:, This 72y/o woman was diagnosed with a left sphenoid wing meningioma on 6/3/80. She was 59 years old at the time and presented with a 6 month history of increasing irritability and left occipital-nuchal headaches. One month prior to that presentation she developed leftward head turning, and 3 days prior to presentation had an episode of severe dysphasia. A HCT (done locally) revealed a homogenously enhancing lesion of the left sphenoid wing. Skull X-rays showed deviation of the pineal to the right. She was transferred to UIHC and was noted to have a normal neurologic exam (per Neurosurgery note). Angiography demonstrated a highly vascular left temporal/sphenoid wing tumor. She under went left temporal craniotomy and complete resection of the tumor which on pathologic analysis was consistent with a meningioma.,The left sphenoid wing meningioma recurred and was excised 9/25/84. There was regrowth of this tumor seen on HCT, 1985. A 6/88 HCT revealed the left sphenoid meningioma and a new left tentorial meningioma. HCT in 1989 revealed left temporal/sphenoid, left tentorial, and new left frontal lesions. On 2/14/91 she presented with increasing lethargy and difficulty concentrating. A 2/14/91, HCT revealed increased size and surrounding edema of the left frontal meningioma. The left frontal and temporal meningiomas were excised on 2/25/91. These tumors all recurred and a left parietal lesion developed. She underwent resection of the left frontal meningioma on 11/21/91 due to right sided weakness and expressive aphasia. The weakness partially resolved and though the speech improved following resection it did not return to normal. In May 1992 she experienced 3 tonic-clonic type seizures, all of which began with a Jacksonian march up the RLE then RUE before generalizing. Her Phenobarbital prophylaxis which she had been taking since her 1980 surgery was increased. On 12/7/92, she underwent a left fronto-temporo-parieto-occipital craniotomy and excision of five meningiomas. Postoperatively she developed worsened right sided weakness and expressive aphasia. The weakness and aphasia improved by 3/93, but never returned to normal.consult - history and phy., sphenoid wing meningioma, sphenoid wing, expressive aphasia, meningiomas, aphasia, sphenoidNOTE,: Thesetranscribed medical transcription sample reports and examples are provided by various users andare for reference purpose only. MTHelpLine does not certify accuracy and quality of sample reports.These transcribed medical transcription sample reports may include some uncommon or unusual formats;this would be due to the preference of the dictating physician. All names and dates have beenchanged (or removed) to keep confidentiality. Any resemblance of any type of name or date orplace or anything else to real world is purely incidental.