Bilateral Carotid Angiography, PROCEDURE PERFORMED:,1. Selective ascending aortic arch angiogram.,2. Selective left common carotid artery angiogram.,3. Selective right common carotid artery angiogram.,4. Selective left subclavian artery angiogram.,5. Right iliac angio with runoff.,6. Bilateral cerebral angiograms were performed as well via right and left common carotid artery injections.,INDICATIONS FOR PROCEDURE:, TIA, aortic stenosis, postoperative procedure. Moderate carotid artery stenosis.,ESTIMATED BLOOD LOSS:, 400 ml.,SPECIMENS REMOVED:, Not applicable.,TECHNIQUE OF PROCEDURE:, After obtaining informed consent, the patient was brought to the cardiac catheterization suite in postabsorptive and nonsedated state. The right groin was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. Lidocaine 2% was used for infiltration anesthesia. Using modified Seldinger technique, a 6-French sheath was placed into the right common femoral artery and vein without complication. Using injection through the side port of the sheath, a right iliac angiogram with runoff was performed. Following this, straight pigtail catheter was used to advance the aortic arch and aortic arch angiogram under digital subtraction was performed. Following this, selective engagement in left common carotid artery, right common carotid artery, and left subclavian artery angiograms were performed with a V-Tech catheter over an 0.035-inch wire.,ANGIOGRAPHIC FINDINGS:,1. Type 2 aortic arch.,2. Left subclavian artery was patent.,3 Left vertebral artery was patent.,4. Left internal carotid artery had a 40% to 50% lesion with ulceration, not treated and there was no cerebral cross over.,5. Right common carotid artery had a 60% to 70% lesion which was heavily calcified and was not treated with the summed left-to-right cross over flow.,6. Closure was with a 6-French Angio-Seal of the artery, and the venous sheath was sutured in.,PLAN:, Continue aspirin, Plavix, and Coumadin to an INR of 2 with a carotid duplex followup.cardiovascular / pulmonary, aortic arch angiogram, carotid artery angiogram, artery was patent, common carotid artery, arch angiogram, subclavian artery, aortic arch, carotid artery, carotid, angiography, artery, angiograms, subclavian, catheterization, aortic, angiogram,