Bronchoscopy - 6, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Hypoxia and increasing pulmonary secretions.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Hypoxia and increasing pulmonary secretions.,OPERATION:, Bronchoscopy.,ANESTHESIA:, Moderate bedside sedation.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,FINDINGS:, Abundant amount of clear thick secretions throughout the main airways.,INDICATIONS:, The patient is a 43-year-old gentleman who has been in the ICU for several days following resection of small bowel for sequelae of SMV occlusion. This morning, the patient developed worsening hypoxia with abundant sputum production requiring frequent suctioning from his ET tube. The patient also had new-appearing atelectasis versus infiltrates in the right lower lobe of his lung on chest x-ray. Given these findings, it was felt that bronchoscopy could further define source of secretions and send more appropriate specimen for culture if need be.,OPERATION:, The patient was given additional fentanyl, Versed as well as paralytics for the procedure. Small bronchoscope was inserted through the ET tube and to the trachea to the level of carina. There was noted to be thick clear secretions adherent to the trachea walls as well as into the right mainstem bronchus. Extensive secretions extended down into the secondary airways. This was lavaged with saline and suctioned dry. There is no overt specific occlusion of airways, nor was there any purulent-appearing sputum. The bronchoscope was then advanced into the left mainstem bronchus, and there was noted to be a small amount of similar-appearing secretions which was likewise suctioned and cleaned. The bronchoscope was removed, and the patient was increased to PEEP of 10 on the ventilator. Please note that prior to starting bronchoscopy, he was pre oxygenated with 100% O2. The patient tolerated the procedure well and lavage specimen was sent for gram stain as well as routine culture.cardiovascular / pulmonary, pulmonary secretions, bronchoscopy, hypoxia, peep, smv occlusion, atelectasis, bedside sedation, bronchoscope, chest x-ray, mainstem, right lower lobe, mainstem bronchus,