T-Cell Lymphoma Consult, CHIEF COMPLAINT:, Newly diagnosed T-cell lymphoma.,HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, The patient is a very pleasant 40-year-old gentleman who reports swelling in his left submandibular region that occurred all of a sudden about a month and a half ago. He was originally treated with antibiotics as a possible tooth abscess. Prior to this event, in March of 2010, he was treated for strep throat. The pain at that time was on the right side. About a month ago, he started having night sweats. The patient reports feeling hot, when he went to bed he fall asleep and would wake up soaked. All these symptoms were preceded by overwhelming fatigue and exhaustion. He reports being under significant amount of stress as he and his mom just recently moved from their house to a mobile home. With the fatigue, he has had some mild chest pain and shortness of breath, and has also noted a decrease in his appetite, although he reports his weight has been stable. He also reports occasional headaches with some stabbing and pain in his feet and legs. He also complains of some left groin pain.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:, Significant for HIV diagnosed in 2000. He also had mononucleosis at that time. The patient reports being on anti-hepatitis viral therapy period that was very intense. He took the meds for about six months, he reports stopping, and prior to 2002 at one point during his treatment, he was profoundly weak and found to have hemoglobin less than 4 and required three units of packed red blood cells. He reports no other history of transfusions. He has history of spontaneous pneumothorax. The first episode was 1989 on his right lung. In 1990 he had a slow collapse of the left lung. He reports no other history of pneumothoraces. In 2003, he had shingles. He went through antiviral treatment at that time and he also reports another small outbreak in 2009 that he treated with topical therapy.,FAMILY HISTORY:, Notable for his mother who is currently battling non-small cell lung cancer. She is a nonsmoker. His sister is Epstein-Barr virus positive. The patient's mother also reports that she is Epstein-Barr virus positive. His maternal grandfather died from complications from melanoma. His mother also has diabetes.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, The patient is single. He currently lives with his mother in house for several both in New York and here in Colorado. His mother moved out to Colorado eight years ago and he has been out here for seven years. He currently is self employed and does antiquing. He has also worked as nurses' aide and worked in group home for the state of New York for the developmentally delayed. He is homosexual, currently not sexually active. He does have smoking history as about a thirteen and a half pack year history of smoking, currently smoking about a quarter of a pack per day. He does not use alcohol or illicit drugs.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, As mentioned above his weight has been fairly stable. Although, he suffered from obesity as a young teenager, but through a period of anorexia, but his weight has been stable now for about 20 years. He has had night sweats, chest pain, and is also suffering from some depression as well as overwhelming fatigue, stabbing, short-lived headaches and occasional shortness of breath. He has noted some stool irregularity with occasional loose stools and new onset of pain predominantly in left neck. He has had fevers as well. The rest of his review of systems is negative.,PHYSICAL EXAM:,VITALS:hematology - oncology, t-cell lymphoma, submandibular, tooth abscess, strep throat, submandibular region, lymphoma, neck,