Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy - 2, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Cholelithiasis.,2. Chronic cholecystitis.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Cholelithiasis.,2. Chronic cholecystitis.,NAME OF OPERATION:, Laparoscopic cholecystectomy.,ANESTHESIA:, General.,FINDINGS:, The gallbladder was thickened and showed evidence of chronic cholecystitis. There was a great deal of inflammatory reaction around the cystic duct. The cystic duct was slightly larger. There was a stone impacted in the cystic duct with the gallbladder. The gallbladder contained numerous stones which were small. With the stone impacted in the cystic duct, it was felt that probably none were within the common duct. Other than rather marked obesity, no other significant findings were noted on limited exploration of the abdomen.,PROCEDURE:, Under general anesthesia after routine prepping and draping, the abdomen was insufflated with the Veress needle, and the standard four trocars were inserted uneventfully. Inspection was made for any entry problems, and none were encountered.,After limited exploration, the gallbladder was then retracted superiorly and laterally, and the cystic duct was dissected out. This was done with some difficulty due to the fibrosis around the cystic duct, but care was taken to avoid injury to the duct and to the common duct. In this manner, the cystic duct and cystic artery were dissected out. Care was taken to be sure that the duct that was identified went into the gallbladder and was the cystic duct. The cystic duct and cystic artery were then doubly clipped and divided, taking care to avoid injury to the common duct. The gallbladder was then dissected free from the gallbladder bed. Again, the gallbladder was somewhat adherent to the gallbladder bed due to previous inflammatory reaction. The gallbladder was dissected free from the gallbladder bed utilizing the endo shears and the cautery to control bleeding. The gallbladder was extracted through the operating trocar site, and the trocar was reinserted. Inspection was made of the gallbladder bed. One or two bleeding areas were fulgurated, and bleeding was well controlled.surgery, cholelithiasis chronic, inflammatory reaction, cystic artery, laparoscopic cholecystectomy, common duct, chronic cholecystitis, gallbladder bed, cystic duct, cystic, gallbladder, duct, inflammatory