Gen Med Consult - 3, CHIEF COMPLAINT:, Blood-borne pathogen exposure., ,HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: ,The patient is a 54-year-old right-handed male who works as a phlebotomist and respiratory therapist at Hospital. The patient states that he was attempting to do a blood gas. He had his finger of the left hand over the pulse and was inserting a needle using the right hand. He did have a protective clothing including use of gloves at the time of the incident. As he advanced the needle, the patient jerked away, this caused him to pull out of the arm and inadvertently pricked the tip of his index finger. The patient was seen and evaluated at the emergency department at the time of incident and had baseline studies drawn, and has been followed by employee health for his injury. The source patient was tested for signs of disease and was found to be negative for HIV, but was found to be a carrier for hepatitis C. The patient has had periodic screening including a blood tests and returns now for his final exam., ,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: ,The patient prior to today has been very well without any signs or symptoms of viral illness, but yesterday he began to experience symptoms of nausea, had an episode of vomiting last night. Has low appetite. There were no fevers, chills, or malaise. No headache. No congestion or cold. No coughing. He had no sore throat. There was no chest pain or troubled breathing. He did have abdominal symptoms as described above but no abdominal pain. There were no urinary symptoms. No darkening of the skin or eyes. He had no yellowing or darkening of the urine. He had no rash to the skin. There was no local infection at the side of the fingerstick. All other systems were negative., ,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: ,Significant for degenerative disc disease in the back., ,MEDICATIONS: ,Nexium., ,ALLERGIES:, IV contrast., ,CURRENT WORK STATUS:, He continues on full duty work., ,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:, The patient was awake and alert. He was seated upright. He did not appear ill or toxic, and was well hydrated. His temperature was 97.2 degrees, pulse was 84, respirations 14 and unlabored, and blood pressure 102/70. HEENT exam, the sclerae were clear. Ocular movements were full and intact. His oropharynx was clear. There was no pharyngeal erythema. No tonsillar enlargement. His neck was supple and nontender. He had no masses. There was no adenopathy in his cervical or axillary chain. Breath sounds were clear and equal without wheeze or rales. Heart tones were regular without murmur or gallop. His abdomen was soft, flat, and nontender. There was no enlargement of the liver or spleen. His extremities were without rash or edema. He had normal gait and balance without ataxia., ,ASSESSMENT: ,The patient presents for evaluation after a contaminated needlestick to the index finger. The source patient was tested and found to be negative for HIV. However, he did test positive for hepatitis C. He was described as a carrier without active disease. The patient has been followed with periodic evaluation including blood testing. He has completed a 3 shot series for hepatitis B and had titers drawn that showed protected antibodies. He also was up-to-date on his immunization including tetanus. The patient has been well during this time except for the onset of a intestinal illness being investigated with some squeakiness and vomiting. He had no other symptoms that were suggestive of acute hepatitis. His abdominal exam was normal. He had no generalized lymphadenopathy and no fever. Blood tests were drawn on 02/07/2005. The results of which were reviewed with the patient. His liver function test was normal at 18. His hepatitis C and HIV, both of which were negative. He had no local signs of infection, and otherwise has been doing well except for his acute intestinal illness as described above., ,IMPRESSION:, Blood-borne pathogen exposure secondary to contaminated needlestick., ,PLAN: ,The patient is now six months out from his injury. He had negative lab studies. There were no physical findings that were suggestive of disease transmission. He was counseled on ways to prevent exposure in the future including use of protective gear including gloves, which he states that he always does. He was counseled that ways to prevent transmission or exposure to intimate contacts., ,WORK STATUS:, He was released to regular work., ,CONDITION: ,He was reassured that no signs of disease transmission had occurred as result of his injury. He therefore was found to be medically stationary without signs of impairment of today's date.nan