Lumbar Spine HNP - Consult, CHIEF COMPLAINT:, Low back pain and right lower extremity pain. The encounter reason for today's consultation is for a second opinion regarding evaluation and treatment of the aforementioned symptoms.,HPI - LUMBAR SPINE:, The patient is a male and 39 years old. The current problem began on or about 3 months ago. The symptoms were sudden in onset. According to the patient, the current problem is a result of a fall. The date of injury was 3 months ago. There is no significant history of previous spine problems. Medical attention has been obtained through the referral source. Medical testing for the current problem includes the following: no recent tests. Treatment for the current problem includes the following: activity modification, bracing, medications and work modification. The following types of medications are currently being used for the present spine problem: narcotics, non-steroidal anti-inflammatories and muscle relaxants. The following types of medications have been used in the past: steroids. In general, the current spine problem is much worse since its onset.,PAST SPINE HISTORY:, Unremarkable.,PRESENT LUMBAR SYMPTOMS:, Pain location: lower lumbar. The patient describes the pain as sharp. The pain ranges from none to severe. The pain is severe frequently. It is present intermittently and most of the time daily. The pain is made worse by flexion, lifting, twisting, activity, riding in a car and sitting. The pain is made better by laying in the supine position, medications, bracing and rest. Sleep alteration because of pain: wakes up after getting to sleep frequently and difficulty getting to sleep frequently. Pain distribution: the lower extremity pain is greater than the low back pain. The patient's low back pain appears to be discogenic in origin. The pain is much worse since its onset.,PRESENT RIGHT LEG SYMPTOMS:, Pain location: S1 dermatome (see the Pain Diagram). The patient describes the pain as sharp. The severity of the pain ranges from none to severe. The pain is severe frequently. It is present intermittently and most of the time daily. The pain is made worse by the same things that make the low back pain worse. The pain is made better by the same things that make the low back pain better. Sleep alteration because of pain: wakes up after getting to sleep frequently and difficulty getting to sleep frequently. The patient's symptoms appear to be radicular in origin. The pain is much worse since its onset.,PRESENT LEFT LEG SYMPTOMS:, None.,NEUROLOGIC SIGNS/SYMPTOMS:, The patient denies any neurologic signs/symptoms. Bowel and bladder function are reported as normal.nan