Diagnostic Laparoscopy, TITLE OF OPERATION:, Diagnostic laparoscopy.,INDICATION FOR SURGERY:, The patient is a 22-year-old woman with a possible ruptured ectopic pregnancy.,PREOP DIAGNOSIS:, Possible ruptured ectopic pregnancy.,POSTOP DIAGNOSIS:, No evidence of ectopic pregnancy or ruptured ectopic pregnancy.,ANESTHESIA:, General endotracheal.,SPECIMEN:, Peritoneal fluid.,EBL:, Minimal.,FLUIDS:, 900 cubic centimeters crystalloids.,URINE OUTPUT:, 400 cubic centimeters.,FINDINGS:, Adhesed left ovary with dilated left fallopian tube, tortuous right fallopian tube with small 1 cm ovarian cyst noted on right ovary, perihepatic lesions consistent with history of PID, approximately 1-200 cubic centimeters of more serous than sanguineous fluid. No evidence of ectopic pregnancy.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,PROCEDURE:, After obtaining informed consent, the patient was taken to the operating room where general endotracheal anesthesia was administered. She was examined under anesthesia. An 8-10 cm anteverted uterus was noted. The patient was placed in the dorsal-lithotomy position and prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion, a sponge on a sponge stick was used in the place of a HUMI in order to not instrument the uterus in the event that this was a viable intrauterine pregnancy and this may be a desired intrauterine pregnancy. Attention was then turned to the patient's abdomen where a 5-mm incision was made in the inferior umbilicus. The abdominal wall was tented and VersaStep needle was inserted into the peritoneal cavity. Access into the intraperitoneal space was confirmed by a decrease in water level when the needle was filled with water. No peritoneum was obtained without difficulty using 4 liters of CO2 gas. The 5-mm trocar and sleeve were then advanced in to the intraabdominal cavity and access was confirmed with the laparoscope.,The above-noted findings were visualized. A 5-mm skin incision was made approximately one-third of the way from the ASI to the umbilicus at McBurney's point. Under direct visualization, the trocar and sleeve were advanced without difficulty. A third incision was made in the left lower quadrant with advancement of the trocar into the abdomen in a similar fashion using the VersaStep. The peritoneal fluid was aspirated and sent for culture and wash and cytology. The abdomen and pelvis were surveyed with the above-noted findings. No active bleeding was noted. No evidence of ectopic pregnancy was noted. The instruments were removed from the abdomen under good visualization with good hemostasis noted. The sponge on a sponge stick was removed from the vagina. The patient tolerated the procedure well and was taken to the recovery room in stable condition.,The attending, Dr. X, was present and scrubbed for the entire procedure.obstetrics / gynecology, peritoneal fluid, sanguineous fluid, ruptured ectopic pregnancy, diagnostic laparoscopy, intrauterine pregnancy, ectopic pregnancy, trocar, ruptured, ectopic, tortuous, pregnancy,