Internal Jugular Vein Catheter Insertion, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSES:,1. Acute on chronic renal failure.,2. Uremia.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSES:,1. Acute on chronic renal failure.,2. Uremia.,PROCEDURE PERFORMED: ,Insertion of a right internal jugular vein hemodialysis catheter.,ANESTHESIA:, 1% local lidocaine.,BLOOD LOSS:, Less than 5 cc.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,HISTORY:, The patient is a 74-year-old Caucasian male who presents via direct admission for acute on chronic renal failure with uremia. The patient incidentally was in a car accident ten days ago and has been feeling pretty awful since that time. He is slightly short of breath with mild difficulty in breathing. A pre-procedure x-ray was obtained, which showed no pneumothorax. He did have a significant right pleural effusion and a mild left pleural effusion. We decided to insert the catheter on the right side.,PROCEDURE: ,The patient was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. 1% lidocaine was used to anesthetize the area two fingerbreadths above the clavicle just posterior to the right sternocleidomastoid muscle and below the external jugular vein. Using the same anesthetic needle, the right internal jugular vein was used to cannulate with good venous blood return. The tract was noted.,The needle was removed and a second #18 gauge thin-walled needle was used along same tract to cannulate the right internal jugular vein also without difficulty and good venous blood return. The syringe was removed and a Seldinger guidewire was inserted through the needle to cannulate the vein also without difficulty. The needle was removed and an #11 blade was used to make a small skin incision provided skin and vein dilators were used. The circle-C 8-inch hemodialysis catheter was then inserted over the guidewire without difficulty. The guidewire was removed. Both of the ports were aspirated venous blood without difficulty and both flushed also without difficulty. The ports were flushed with injectable normal saline secondary to the patient going for dialysis today. Thus, he will not need heparinization of the lines. Again, he tolerated the procedure well. A postoperative x-ray would be obtained to check catheter placement and rule out pneumothorax.nephrology, uremia, internal jugular vein hemodialysis catheter, pneumothorax, jugular vein, dialysis, chronic renal failure, internal jugular vein, pleural effusion, hemodialysis catheter, renal failure, cannulate, guidewire, insertion, jugular, catheter, hemodialysis, vein