Coronary Angiography, REASON FOR EXAM:, Dynamic ST-T changes with angina.,PROCEDURE:,1. Selective coronary angiography.,2. Left heart catheterization with hemodynamics.,3. LV gram with power injection.,4. Right femoral artery angiogram.,5. Closure of the right femoral artery using 6-French AngioSeal.,Procedure explained to the patient, with risks and benefits. The patient agreed and signed the consent form.,The patient received a total of 2 mg of Versed and 25 mcg of fentanyl for conscious sedation. The patient was draped and dressed in the usual sterile fashion. The right groin area infiltrated with lidocaine solution. Access to the right femoral artery was successful, okayed with one attempt with anterior wall stick. Over a J-wire, 6-French sheath was introduced using modified Seldinger technique.,Over the J-wire, a JL4 catheter was passed over the aortic arch. The wire was removed. Catheter was engaged into the left main. Multiple pictures with RAO caudal, AP cranial, LAO cranial, shallow RAO, and LAO caudal views were all obtained. Catheter disengaged and exchanged over J-wire into a JR4 catheter, the wire was removed. Catheter with counter-clock was rotating to the RCA one shot with LAO, position was obtained. The cath disengaged and exchanged over J-wire into a pigtail catheter. Pigtail catheter across the aortic valve. Hemodynamics obtained. LV gram with power injection of 36 mL of contrast was obtained.,The LV gram assessed followed by pullback hemodynamics.,The catheter exchanged out and the right femoral artery angiogram completed to the end followed by the removal of the sheath and deployment of 6-French AngioSeal with no hematoma. The patient tolerated the procedure well with no immediate postprocedure complication.,HEMODYNAMICS: ,The aortic pressure was 117/61 with a mean pressure of 83. The left ventricular pressure was 119/9 to 19 with left ventricular end-diastolic pressure of 17 to 19 mmHg. The pullback across the aortic valve reveals zero gradient.,ANATOMY: ,The left main showed minimal calcification as well as the proximal LAD. No stenosis in the left main seen, the left main bifurcates in to the LAD and left circumflex.,The LAD was a large and a long vessel that wraps around the apex showed no focal stenosis or significant atheromatous plaque and the flow was TIMI 3 flow in the LAD. The LAD gave off two early diagonal branches. The second was the largest of the two and showed minimal lumen irregularities, but no focal stenosis.,Left circumflex was a dominant system supplying three obtuse marginal branches and distally supplying the PDA. The left circumflex was large and patent, 6.0 mm in diameter. All three obtuse marginal branches appeared to be with no significant stenosis.,The obtuse marginal branch, the third OM3 showed at the origin about 30 to 40% minimal narrowing, but no significant stenosis. The PDA was wide, patent, with no focal stenosis.,The RCA was a small nondominant system with no focal stenosis and supplying the RV marginal.,LV gram showed that the LV EF is preserved with EF of 60%. No mitral regurgitation identified.,IMPRESSION:,1. Patent coronary arteries with normal left anterior descending, left circumflex, and dominant left circumflex system.,2. Nondominant right, which is free of atheromatous plaque.,3. Minimal plaque in the diagonal branch II, and the obtuse,marginal branch III, with no focal stenosis.,4. Normal left ventricular function.,5. Evaluation for noncardiac chest pain would be recommended.