Ruptured Globe Repair - Cornea, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Ruptured globe with full-thickness corneal laceration OX.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Ruptured globe with full-thickness corneal laceration OX.,PROCEDURE: ,Ruptured globe with full-thickness corneal laceration repair OX.,ANESTHESIA:, General,SPECIMENS:, None.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,INDICATIONS:, This is a XX-year-old (wo)man with a ruptured globe with full-thickness corneal laceration of the XXX eye.,PROCEDURE:, The risks and benefits of eye surgery were discussed at length with the patient, including bleeding, infection, astigmatism, cataract, re-operation, loss of vision, and loss of the eye. Informed consent was obtained. The patient received IV antibiotics including Ancef and Levaeuin prior to surgery. The patient was brought to the operating room and placud in the supine position, where (s)he wad prepped and draped in the routine fashion. A wire lid speculum was placed to provide exposure and 0.12 forceps and a Superblade were used to create a paracentesis at approximately 11 o'clock. Viscoat was injected through the paracentesis to fill the anterior chamber. The Viscoat cannula was used to sweep the incarcerated iris tissue from the wound. More Viscoat was injected to deepen the anterior chamber. A 10-0 nylon suture was used to place four sutures to close the corneal laceration. BSS was then injected to fill the anterior chamber and a small leak was noted at the inferior end of the wound. A fifth 10-0 nylon suture was then placed. The wound was packed and found to be watertight. The sutures were rotated, the wound was again checked and found to be watertight. A small amount of Viscoat was, again, injected to deepen the anterior chamber and the wound was swept to be sure there was no incarcerated uveal tissue. Several drops were placed in the XXX eye including Ocuflox, Pred Forte, Timolol 0.5%, Alphagan and Trusopt. An eye patch and shield were taped over the XXX eye. The patient was awakened from general anesthesia. (S)he was taken to the recovery area in good condition. There were no complications.ophthalmology, ruptured globe, alphagan, bss, ocuflox, pred forte, superblade, timolol, viscoat cannula, anterior chamber, astigmatism, bleeding, cataract, corneal laceration, full-thickness corneal laceration, infection, laceration repair, loss of the eye, loss of vision, paracentesis, re-operation, wire lid speculum, viscoat, corneal, laceration,