MRI Brain - Meningioma (Olfactory), CC:, Progressive visual loss.,HX:, 76 y/o male suddenly became anosmic following shoulder surgery 13 years prior to this presentation. He continues to be anosmic, but has also recently noted decreased vision OD. He denies any headaches, weakness, numbness, weight loss, or nasal discharge.,MEDS:, none.,PMH:, 1) Diabetes Mellitus dx 1 year ago. 2) Benign Prostatic Hypertrophy, s/p TURP. 3) Right shoulder surgery (?DJD).,FHX:, noncontributory.,SHX:, Denies history of Tobacco/ETOH/illicit drug use.,EXAM:, BP132/66 HR78 RR16 36.0C,MS: A&O to person, place, and time. No other specifics given in Neurosurgery/Otolaryngology/Neuro-ophthalmology notes.,CN: Visual acuity has declined from 20/40 to 20/400, OD; 20/30, OS. No RAPD. EOM was full and smooth and without nystagmus. Goldmann visual fields revealed a central scotoma and enlarged blind spot OD and OS (OD worse) with a normal periphery. Intraocular pressures were 15/14 (OD/OS). There was moderate pallor of the disc, OD. Facial sensation was decreased on the right side (V1 distribution).,Motor/Sensory/Coord/Station/Gait: were all unremarkable.,Reflexes: 2/2 and symmetric throughout. Plantars were flexor, bilaterally.,Gen Exam: unremarkable.,COURSE:, MRI Brain, 10/7/92, revealed: a large 6x5x6cm slightly heterogeneous, mostly isointense lesion on both T1 and T2 weighted images arising from the planum sphenoidale and olfactory groove. The mass extends approximately 3.6cm superior to the planum into both frontal regions with edema in both frontal lobes. The mass extends 2.5cm inferiorly involving the ethmoid sinuses with resultant obstruction of the sphenoid and frontal sinuses.,It also extends into the superomedial aspect of the right maxillary sinus. There is probable partial encasement of both internal carotid arteries just above the siphon. The optic nerves are difficult to visualize but there is also probable encasement of these structures as well. The mass enhances significantly with gadolinium contrast. These finds are consistent with Meningioma.,The patient underwent excision of this tumor by simultaneous bifrontal craniotomy and lateral rhinotomy following an intrasinus biopsy which confirmed the meningioma. Postoperatively, he lost visual acuity, OS, but this gradually returned to baseline. His 9/6/96 neuro-ophthalmology evaluation revealed visual acuity of 20/25-3 (OD) and 20/80-2 (OS). His visual fields continued to abnormal, but improved and stable when compared to 10/92. His anosmia never resolved.neurology, mri brain, olfactory, groove, headaches, meningioma, nasal discharge, numbness, visual loss, weakness, weight loss, visual acuity, mri, brain, isointense, sinuses, visual,