Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy - 4, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acute cholecystitis.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acute cholecystitis.,PROCEDURE PERFORMED:, Laparoscopic cholecystectomy.,ANESTHESIA:, General.,ESTIMATED BLOOD LOSS:, Zero.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,PROCEDURE: ,The patient was taken to the operating room, and after obtaining adequate general anesthesia, the patient was placed in the supine position. The abdominal area was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion. A small skin incision was made below the umbilicus. It was carried down in the transverse direction on the side of her old incision. It was carried down to the fascia. An open pneumoperitoneum was created with Hasson technique. Three additional ports were placed in the usual fashion. The gallbladder was found to be acutely inflamed, distended, and with some necrotic areas. It was carefully retracted from the isthmus, and the cystic structure was then carefully identified, dissected, and divided between double clips. The gallbladder was then taken down from the gallbladder fossa with electrocautery. There was some bleeding from the gallbladder fossa that was meticulously controlled with a Bovie. The gallbladder was then finally removed via the umbilical port with some difficulty because of the size of the gallbladder and size of the stones. The fascia had to be opened. The gallbladder had to be opened, and the stones had to be extracted carefully. When it was completed, I went back to the abdomen and achieved complete hemostasis. The ports were then removed under direct vision with the scope. The fascia of the umbilical wound was closed with a figure-of-eight 0 Vicryl. All the incisions were injected with 0.25% Marcaine, closed with 4-0 Monocryl, Steri-Strips, and sterile dressing.,The patient tolerated the procedure satisfactorily and was transferred to the recovery room in stable condition.surgery, laparoscopic, cholecystectomy, cholecystitis, gallbladder fossa, laparoscopic cholecystectomy, acute cholecystitis, gallbladder