Carbohydrate Counting, SUBJECTIVE:, This is a 62-year-old female who comes for dietary consultation for carbohydrate counting for type I diabetes. The patient reports that she was hospitalized over the weekend for DKA. She indicates that her blood sugar on Friday night was 187 at bedtime and that when she woke up in the morning her blood sugar was 477. She gave herself, in smaller increments, a total of 70 extra units of her Humalog. Ten of those units were injectable; the others were in the forms of pump. Her blood sugar was over 600 when she went to the hospital later that day. She is here at this consultation complaining of not feeling well still because she has a cold. She realizes that this is likely because her immune system was so minimized in the hospital.,OBJECTIVE:, Current insulin doses on her insulin pump are boluses set at 5 units at breakfast, 6 units at lunch and 11 units at supper. Her basal rates have not been changed since her last visit with Charla Yassine and totaled 30.5 units per 24 hours. A diet history was obtained. I instructed the patient on carbohydrate counting at 1 unit of insulin for every 10 g carbohydrate ratio was recommended. A correction dose of approximately 1 unit of insulin to bring the blood sugars down 30 mg/dl was also recommended. The Lilly guide for meal planning was provided and reviewed. Additional carbohydrate counting book was provided.,ASSESSMENT:, The patient was taught an insulin-to-carbohydrate ratio of 1 unit to 10 g of carbohydrates as recommended at the previous visit two years ago, which she does not recall. It is based on the 500 rule which suggests this ratio. We did identify carbohydrate sources in the food supply, recognizing 15-g equivalents. We also identified the need to dose her insulin at the time that she is eating her carbohydrate sources. She does seem to have a pattern of fixing blood sugars later in the day after they are elevated. We discussed the other option of trying to eat a consistent amount of carbohydrates at meals from day to day and taking a consistent amount of insulin at those meals. With this in mind, she was recommended to follow with three servings or 45 g of carbohydrate at breakfast, three servings or 45 g of carbohydrate at lunch and four servings or 60 g of carbohydrate at dinner. Joanne Araiza joined our consultation briefly to discuss whether her pump was working appropriately. The patient was given an 800 number for the pump to contact should there be any question about its failure to deliver insulin appropriately.,PLAN:, Recommend the patient use 1 unit of insulin for every 10-g carbohydrate load consumed. Recommend the patient either use this as a carbohydrate counting tool or work harder at keeping carbohydrate content consistent at meals from day to day. This was a one-hour consultation. Provided my name and number should additional needs arise.soap / chart / progress notes, insulin pump, carbohydrate load, immune system, dietary consultation, carbohydrate ratio, blood sugars, carbohydrate counting, carbohydrate, dietary, blood, counting, insulin