Delivery Note - 8, DELIVERY NOTE:, The patient is a very pleasant 22-year-old primigravida with prenatal care with both Dr. X and myself and her pregnancy has been uncomplicated except for the fact that she does live a significant distance away from the hospital. The patient was admitted to labor and delivery on Tuesday, December 22, 2008 at 5:30 in the morning at 40 weeks and 1 day gestation for elective induction of labor since she lives a significant distance away from the hospital. Her cervix on admission was not ripe, so she was given a dose of Cytotec 25 mcg intravaginally and in the afternoon, she was having frequent contractions and fetal heart tracing was reassuring. At a later time, Pitocin was started. The next day at about 9 o'clock in the morning, I checked her cervix and performed artifical rupture of membranes, which did reveal Meconium-stained amniotic fluid and so an intrauterine pressure catheter was placed and then MDL infusion started. The patient did have labor epidural, which worked well. It should be noted that the patient's recent vaginal culture for group B strep did come back negative for group B strep. The patient went on to have a normal spontaneous vaginal delivery of a live-term male newborn with Apgar scores of 7 and 9 at 1 and 5 minutes respectively and a newborn weight of 7 pounds and 1.5 ounces at birth. The intensive care nursery staff was present because of the presence of Meconium-stained amniotic fluid. DeLee suctioning was performed at the perineum. A second-degree midline episiotomy was repaired in layers in the usual fashion using 3-0 Vicryl. The placenta was simply delivered and examined and found to be complete and bimanual vaginal exam was performed and revealed that the uterus was firm.,ESTIMATED BLOOD LOSS:, Approximately 300 mL.obstetrics / gynecology, amniotic fluid, contractions, pitocin, meconium, cervix, labor, vaginal, delivery, intravaginallyNOTE,: Thesetranscribed medical transcription sample reports and examples are provided by various users andare for reference purpose only. MTHelpLine does not certify accuracy and quality of sample reports.These transcribed medical transcription sample reports may include some uncommon or unusual formats;this would be due to the preference of the dictating physician. All names and dates have beenchanged (or removed) to keep confidentiality. Any resemblance of any type of name or date orplace or anything else to real world is purely incidental.,