Abnormal Cholesterol Result - Letter, ABNORMAL CHOLESTEROL RESULT LETTER,Recently you had a cholesterol test done. The cholesterol levels were abnormal. These are usually associated with increased risk for stroke and heart attack. I am writing this letter to you to let you know that your levels are high enough that I think intervention is the next best step. I would like you to make an appointment, if you are interested in treatment for this. There are several treatment options available at this time. Diet is one of the options, although there is limited reduction in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol with dieting. Most of the time under strict diet patients can achieve a 15% reduction in cholesterol. If your cholesterol levels are moderate to severely elevated, usually diet is not the first line of therapy. If you are diabetic or have hypertension these two also increase your risk with the combination of hypercholesterolemia. Most of the time cholesterol that is elevated is from your genetic background and is independent of diet. New research shows that treatment of high cholesterol can decrease your risk of developing Alzheimer’s disease.,Again, I am recommending at least we discuss medical treatment for hypercholesterolemia. Please consider calling for a followup appointment concerning your cholesterol levels. If you should have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. I am enclosing a copy of your lab results for your review.letters, letter, ldl, abnormal, cholesterol, cholesterol level, cholesterol test, heart attack, hypercholesterolemia, increased risk, lab results, stroke, total cholesterol, abnormal cholesterol result, abnormal cholesterol, cholesterol levels, levels, treatment, dietNOTE,: Thesetranscribed medical transcription sample reports and examples are provided by various users andare for reference purpose only. MTHelpLine does not certify accuracy and quality of sample reports.These transcribed medical transcription sample reports may include some uncommon or unusual formats;this would be due to the preference of the dictating physician. All names and dates have beenchanged (or removed) to keep confidentiality. Any resemblance of any type of name or date orplace or anything else to real world is purely incidental.