Feet & Hand Cramping, HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, The patient is a 61-year-old right-handed gentleman who presents for further evaluation of feet and hand cramps. He states that for the past six months he has experienced cramps in his feet and hands. He describes that the foot cramps are much more notable than the hand ones. He reports that he develops muscle contractions of his toes on both feet. These occur exclusively at night. They may occur about three times per week. When he develops these cramps, he stands up to relieve the discomfort. He notices that the toes are in an extended position. He steps on the ground and they seem to pop into place. He develops calf pain after he experiences the cramp. Sometimes they awaken him from his sleep.,He also has developed cramps in his hands although they are less severe and less frequent than those in his legs. These do not occur at night and are completely random. He notices that his thumb assumes a flexed position and sometimes he needs to pry it open to relieve the cramp.,He has never had any symptoms like this in the past. He started taking Bactrim about nine months ago. He had taken this in the past briefly, but has never taken it as long as he has now. He cannot think of any other possible contributing factors to his symptoms.,He has a history of HIV for 21 years. He was taking antiretroviral medications, but stopped about six or seven years ago. He reports that he was unable to tolerate the medications due to severe stomach upset. He has a CD4 count of 326. He states that he has never developed AIDS. He is considering resuming antiretroviral treatment.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:, He has diabetes, but this is well controlled. He also has hepatitis C and HIV.,CURRENT MEDICATIONS:, He takes insulin and Bactrim.,ALLERGIES:, He has no known drug allergies.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, He lives alone. He recently lost his partner. This happened about six months ago. He denies alcohol, tobacco, or illicit drug use. He is now retired. He is very active and walks about four miles every few days.,FAMILY HISTORY:, His father and mother had diabetes.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, A complete review of systems was obtained and was negative except for as mentioned above. This is documented in the handwritten notes from today's visit.,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:,Vital Signs: Blood pressure 130/70nan