Phacoemulsification & Cataract Extraction, DIAGNOSIS:, Nuclear sclerotic and cortical cataract, right eye.,OPERATION:, Phacoemulsification and extracapsular cataract extraction with intraocular lens implantation, right eye.,PROCEDURE:, The patient was taken to the operating room and placed on the table in the supine position. Cardiac monitor and oxygen at 5 liters per minute were connected by the nursing staff. Local anesthesia was obtained using 2% lidocaine, 0/75% Marcaine, 0.5 cc Wydase with 6 cc of this solution used in a paribulbar injection, followed by ten minutes of digital massage. The patient was then prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion for eye surgery. With the Zeiss operating microscopy in position, a lid speculum was inserted and a 4-0 black silk bridal suture placed in the superior rectus muscle. With Westcott scissors, a fornix-based conjunctival flap was made. The surgical limbus was identified and hemostasis obtained with wet-field cautery. With a 57-Beaver blade, a corneoscleral groove was made and shelved into clear cornea. A stab incision was made at 2 o'clock with a 15-degree blade. With a 3.0 mm keratome, the shelved groove was attended into the anterior chamber. Viscoelastic was inserted into the anterior chamber and anterior capsulotomy was performed in a continuous-tear technique. Hydrodissection was performed with Balanced Salt Solution. Phacoemulsification was performed in a two-headed nuclear fracture technique. The remaining cortical material was removed with irrigation and aspiration handpiece. The posterior capsule remained intact and vacuumed with minimal suction. The posterior chamber intraocular lens was obtained. It was inspected, irrigated, inserted into the posterior chamber without difficulty. Inspection revealed the intraocular lens to be in good position with intact capsule and well-approximated wound. There was no aqueous leak even with digital pressure. The conjunctiva was pulled back into position with wet-field cautery. A subconjunctival injection with 20 mg Gatamycine and 0.5 cc Celestone was given. Tobradex ointment was instilled into the eye, which was patched and shielded appropriately, after removing the lid speculum and bridle suture. The patient tolerated the procedure well and was sent to the recovery room in good condition, to be followed in attending physician office the next day.surgery, extracapsular cataract extraction, phacoemulsification, nuclear sclerotic, cortical cataract, extraction with intraocular lens, cataract extraction, intraocular lens, intraocular, extracapsular, implantation, conjunctival, cataract, chamberNOTE