Carpal Ligament Release - 2, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSES:,1. Left carpal tunnel syndrome.,2. Stenosing tenosynovitis of right middle finger (trigger finger).,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSES:,1. Left carpal tunnel syndrome.,2. Stenosing tenosynovitis of right middle finger (trigger finger).,PROCEDURES:,1. Endoscopic release of left transverse carpal ligament.,2. Steroid injection, stenosing tenosynovitis of right middle finger.,ANESTHESIA: ,Monitored anesthesia care with regional anesthesia applied by surgeon.,TOURNIQUET TIME:, Left upper extremity was 15 minutes.,OPERATIVE PROCEDURE IN DETAIL:, With the patient under adequate monitored anesthesia, the left upper extremity was prepped and draped in a sterile manner. The arm was exsanguinated. The tourniquet was elevated at 290 mmHg. Construction lines were made on the left palm to identify the ring ray. A transverse incision was made in the palm between FCR and FCU, one finger breadth proximal to the interval between the glabrous skin of the palm and normal forearm skin. Blunt dissection exposed the antebrachial fascia. Hemostasis was obtained with bipolar cautery. A distal based window in the antebrachial fascia was then fashioned. Care was taken to protect the underlying contents. A synovial elevator was used to palpate the undersurface of the transverse carpal ligament, and synovium was elevated off this undersurface.,Hamate sounds were then used to palpate the Hood of Hamate. The Agee Inside Job was then inserted into the proximal incision. The transverse carpal ligament was easily visualized through the portal. Using palmar pressure, transverse carpal ligament was held against the portal as the instrument was inserted down the transverse carpal ligament to the distal end. The distal end of the transverse carpal ligament was then identified in the window. The blade was then elevated, and the Agee Inside Job was withdrawn, dividing transverse carpal ligament under direct vision. After complete division of transverse carpal ligament, the Agee Inside Job was reinserted. Radial and ulnar edges of the transverse carpal ligament were identified and complete release was accomplished. One mL of Celestone was then introduced into the carpal tunnel and irrigated free. ,The wound was then closed with a running 3-0 Prolene subcuticular stitch. Steri-strips were applied and a sterile dressing was applied over the Steri-strips. The tourniquet was deflated. The patient was awakened from anesthesia and returned to the recovery room in satisfactory condition having tolerated the procedure well.,Attention was turned to the right palm where after a sterile prep, the right middle finger flexor sheath was injected with 0.5 mL of 1% plain Xylocaine and 0.5 mL of Depo-Medrol 40 mg/mL. A Band-Aid dressing was then applied.,The patient was then awakened from the anesthesia and returned to the recovery room in satisfactory condition having tolerated the procedure well.orthopedic, carpal tunnel syndrome, agee inside job, steroid injection, antebrachial fascia, forearm, ring ray, synovial elevator, tenosynovitis, tourniquet, transverse incision, trigger finger, tenosynovitis of right middle, transverse carpal ligament, transverse carpal, carpal ligament, steri strips, stenosing tenosynovitis, middle finger, ligament, carpal, endoscopic, finger