Cervical Facet Joint Injection, CERVICAL FACET JOINT INJECTION WITH CONTRAST.,PREPROCEDURE PREPARATION:, After being explained the risks and benefits of the procedure, the patient signed the standard informed consent form. the patient was placed in the prone position and standard ASA monitors applied. Intravenous access was established and IV sedation was used. For further details of IV sedation and infusion, please refer to anesthesia notes. Fluoroscopy was used to identify the appropriate anatomy and symptomatic facet joints. The skin was prepped and draped in a sterile fashion and sterile technique was maintained throughout the procedure.,PROCEDURE DETAILS:, The patient was laid supine. Appropriate view of facet joints was achieved by placing pillow below the shoulder and turning the head. The neck was aseptically prepared. 1% lidocaine was used for local infiltration and subsequently a 25-gauge spinal needle was passed down to the C4-5 facet joint under fluoroscopic control. Positioning was checked and 0.2 mL of dye was injected. Acceptable dye pattern was seen. Subsequent 1 mL of a mixture of 0.5 mL of 1% lidocaine and 0.5 mL of Celestone was injected after aspiration and the patient was monitored. Needle was removed and same procedure carried out on the other side. Postprocedure, no complications were noted.pain management, injection, 1% lidocaine, asa monitors, cervical, cervical facet joint injection, celestone, facet joint, facet joint injection, fluoroscopy, iv sedation, facet joints, spinal needle, cervical facet joint, joint injection, joint, facetNOTE,: Thesetranscribed medical transcription sample reports and examples are provided by various users andare for reference purpose only. MTHelpLine does not certify accuracy and quality of sample reports.These transcribed medical transcription sample reports may include some uncommon or unusual formats;this would be due to the preference of the dictating physician. All names and dates have beenchanged (or removed) to keep confidentiality. Any resemblance of any type of name or date orplace or anything else to real world is purely incidental.