Dog Bite, CHIEF COMPLAINT:, Dog bite to his right lower leg.,HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, This 50-year-old white male earlier this afternoon was attempting to adjust a cable that a dog was tied to. Dog was a German shepherd, it belonged to his brother, and the dog spontaneously attacked him. He sustained a bite to his right lower leg. Apparently, according to the patient, the dog is well known and is up-to-date on his shots and they wanted to confirm that. The dog has given no prior history of any reason to believe he is not a healthy dog. The patient himself developed a puncture wound with a flap injury. The patient has a flap wound also below the puncture wound, a V-shaped flap, which is pointing towards the foot. It appears to be viable. The wound is open about may be roughly a centimeter in the inside of the flap. He was seen by his medical primary care physician and was given a tetanus shot and the wound was cleaned and wrapped, and then he was referred to us for further assessment.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: ,Significant for history of pulmonary fibrosis and atrial fibrillation. He is status post bilateral lung transplant back in 2004 because of the pulmonary fibrosis.,ALLERGIES: ,There are no known allergies.,MEDICATIONS:, Include multiple medications that are significant for his lung transplant including Prograf, CellCept, prednisone, omeprazole, Bactrim which he is on chronically, folic acid, vitamin D, Mag-Ox, Toprol-XL, calcium 500 mg, vitamin B1, Centrum Silver, verapamil, and digoxin.,FAMILY HISTORY:, Consistent with a sister of his has ovarian cancer and his father had liver cancer. Heart disease in the patient's mother and father, and father also has diabetes.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, He is a non-cigarette smoker. He has occasional glass of wine. He is married. He has one biological child and three stepchildren. He works for ABCD.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, He denies any chest pain. He does admit to exertional shortness of breath. He denies any GI or GU problems. He denies any bleeding disorders.,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION,GENERAL: Presents as a well-developed, well-nourished 50-year-old white male who appears to be in mild distress.,HEENT: Unremarkable.,NECK: Supple. There is no mass, adenopathy or bruit.,CHEST: Normal excursion.,LUNGS: Clear to auscultation and percussion.,COR: Regular. There is no S3 or S4 gallop. There is no obvious murmur.,ABDOMEN: Soft. It is nontender. Bowel sounds are present. There is no tenderness.,SKIN: He does have like a Chevron incisional scar across his lower chest and upper abdomen. It appears to be well healed and unremarkable.,GENITALIA: Deferred.,RECTAL: Deferred.,EXTREMITIES: He has about 1+ pitting edema to both legs and they have been present since the surgery. In the right leg, he has an about midway between the right knee and right ankle on the anterior pretibial area, he has a puncture wound that measures about may be centimeter around that appears to be relatively clean, and just below that about may be 3 cm below, he has a flap traumatic injury that measures about may be 4 cm to the point of the flap. The wound is spread apart about may be a centimeter all along that area and it is relatively clean. There was some bleeding when I removed the dressing and we were able to pretty much control that with pressure and some silver nitrate. There were exposed subcutaneous tissues, but there was no exposed tendons that we could see, etc. The flap appeared to be viable.,NEUROLOGIC: Without focal deficits. The patient is alert and oriented.,IMPRESSION:, A 50-year-old white male with dog bite to his right leg with a history of pulmonary fibrosis, status post bilateral lung transplant several years ago. He is on multiple medications and he is on chronic Bactrim. We are going to also add some fluoroquinolone right now to protect the skin and probably going to obtain an Infectious Disease consult. We will see him back in the office early next week to reassess his wound. He is to keep the wound clean with the moist dressing right now. He may shower several times a day.nan