Plantar Fasciotomy, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Plantar fascitis, left foot.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Plantar fascitis, left foot.,PROCEDURE PERFORMED:, Partial plantar fasciotomy, left foot.,ANESTHESIA:, 10 cc of 0.5% Marcaine plain with TIVA.,HISTORY: ,This 35-year-old Caucasian female presents to ABCD General Hospital with above chief complaint. The patient states she has extreme pain with plantar fascitis in her left foot and has attempted conservative treatment including orthotics without long-term relief of symptoms and desires surgical treatment. The patient has been NPO since mid night. Consent is signed and in the chart. No known drug allergies.,Details Of Procedure: An IV was instituted by the Department of Anesthesia in the preoperative holding area. The patient was transported to the operating room and placed on the operating table in supine position with a safety belt across the stomach. Copious amounts of Webril were placed on the left ankle followed by blood pressure cuff. After adequate sedation by the Department of Anesthesia, a total of 10 cc of 0.5% Marcaine plain was injected into the surgical site both medially and laterally across the plantar fascia. The foot was then prepped and draped in the usual sterile orthopedic fashion. An Esmarch bandage was applied for exsanguination and the pneumatic ankle tourniquet was inflated to 250 mmHg. The foot was then reflected on the operating, stockinet reflected, and the foot cleansed with a wet and dry sponge. Attention was then directed to the plantar medial aspect of the left heel. An approximately 0.75 cm incision was then created in the plantar fat pad over the area of maximal tenderness.,The incision was then deepened with a combination of sharp and blunt dissection until the plantar fascia was palpated. A #15 blade was then used to transect the medial and central bands of the plantar fascia. Care was taken to preserve the lateral fibroids. The foot was dorsiflexed against resistance as the fibers were released and there was noted to be increased laxity after release of the fibers on the plantar aspect of the foot indicating that plantar fascia has in fact been transacted. The air was then flushed with copious amounts of sterile saline. The skin incision was then closed with #3-0 nylon in simple interrupted fashion. Dressings consisted of #0-1 silk, 4 x 4s, Kling, Kerlix, and Coban. The pneumatic ankle tourniquet was released and immediate hyperemic flush was noted throughout all digits of the left foot. The patient tolerated the above procedure and anesthesia well without complications. The patient was transported to the PACU with vital signs stable and vascular status intact to the left foot. Intraoperatively, an additional 80 cc of 1% lidocaine was injected for additional anesthesia in the case. The patient is to be nonweightbearing on the left lower extremity with crutches. The patient is given postoperative pain prescriptions for Vicodin ES, one q3-4h. p.o. p.r.n. for pain as well as Celebrex 200 mg one p.o. b.i.d. The patient is to follow-up with Dr. X as directed.podiatry, foot, plantar fasciotomy, plantar fascitis, plantar fascia, plantar, fasciotomy, ankle, medially, fascitis, fascia