Laparoscopic Gastric Bypass Consult - 1, HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, I have seen ABC today. He is a very pleasant gentleman who is 42 years old, 344 pounds. He is 5'9 . He has a BMI of 51. He has been overweight for ten years since the age of 33, at his highest he was 358 pounds, at his lowest 260. He is pursuing surgical attempts of weight loss to feel good, get healthy, and begin to exercise again. He wants to be able to exercise and play volleyball. Physically, he is sluggish. He gets tired quickly. He does not go out often. When he loses weight he always regains it and he gains back more than he lost. His biggest weight loss is 25 pounds and it was three months before he gained it back. He did six months of not drinking alcohol and not taking in many calories. He has been on multiple commercial weight loss programs including Slim Fast for one month one year ago and Atkin's Diet for one month two years ago.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:, He has difficulty climbing stairs, difficulty with airline seats, tying shoes, used to public seating, difficulty walking, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure. He has asthma and difficulty walking two blocks or going eight to ten steps. He has sleep apnea and snoring. He is a diabetic, on medication. He has joint pain, knee pain, back pain, foot and ankle pain, leg and foot swelling. He has hemorrhoids.,PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:, Includes orthopedic or knee surgery.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, He is currently single. He drinks alcohol ten to twelve drinks a week, but does not drink five days a week and then will binge drink. He smokes one and a half pack a day for 15 years, but he has recently stopped smoking for the past two weeks.,FAMILY HISTORY:, Obesity, heart disease, and diabetes. Family history is negative for hypertension and stroke.,CURRENT MEDICATIONS:, Include Diovan, Crestor, and Tricor.,MISCELLANEOUS/EATING HISTORY: ,He says a couple of friends of his have had heart attacks and have had died. He used to drink everyday, but stopped two years ago. He now only drinks on weekends. He is on his second week of Chantix, which is a medication to come off smoking completely. Eating, he eats bad food. He is single. He eats things like bacon, eggs, and cheese, cheeseburgers, fast food, eats four times a day, seven in the morning, at noon, 9 p.m., and 2 a.m. He currently weighs 344 pounds and 5'9 . His ideal body weight is 160 pounds. He is 184 pounds overweight. If he lost 70% of his excess body weight that would be 129 pounds and that would get him down to 215.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, Negative for head, neck, heart, lungs, GI, GU, orthopedic, or skin. He also is positive for gout. He denies chest pain, heart attack, coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, arrhythmia, atrial fibrillation, pacemaker, pulmonary embolism, or CVA. He denies venous insufficiency or thrombophlebitis. Denies shortness of breath, COPD, or emphysema. Denies thyroid problems, hip pain, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, GERD, hiatal hernia, peptic ulcer disease, gallstones, infected gallbladder, pancreatitis, fatty liver, hepatitis, rectal bleeding, polyps, incontinence of stool, urinary stress incontinence, or cancer. He denies cellulitis, pseudotumor cerebri, meningitis, or encephalitis.,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION: ,He is alert and oriented x 3. Cranial nerves II-XII are intact. Neck is soft and supple. Lungs: He has positive wheezing bilaterally. Heart is regular rhythm and rate. His abdomen is soft. Extremities: He has 1+ pitting edema.,IMPRESSION/PLAN:, I have explained to him the risks and potential complications of laparoscopic gastric bypass in detail and these include bleeding, infection, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, leakage from the gastrojejuno-anastomosis, jejunojejuno-anastomosis, and possible bowel obstruction among other potential complications. He understands. He wants to proceed with workup and evaluation for laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass. He will need to get a letter of approval from Dr. XYZ. He will need to see a nutritionist and mental health worker. He will need an upper endoscopy by either Dr. XYZ. He will need to go to Dr. XYZ as he previously had a sleep study. We will need another sleep study. He will need H. pylori testing, thyroid function tests, LFTs, glycosylated hemoglobin, and fasting blood sugar. After this is performed, we will submit him for insurance approval.consult - history and phy., laparoscopic gastric bypass, heart attacks, body weight, pulmonary embolism, potential complications, sleep study, weight loss, gastric bypass, anastomosis, loss, sleep, laparoscopic, gastric, bypass, heart, pounds, weight,