Plantar Fascia Injection, PROCEDURE:,: Informed consent was obtained from the patient. Special mention was made of the possibility of infection and necrosis of the heel pad. The patient was placed in the supine position. The tender area in the medial aspect of the heel was identified by palpation. After proper preparation with antiseptic solution of the skin, a syringe containing 2 mL of 1% lidocaine was attached to 1.5 27 gauge needle. The needle was carefully advanced through the carefully identified point at a right angle to the skin, directly towards the central and medial aspect of the calcaneus. The needle was advanced very slowly until the needle impinged on the bone, and then was withdrawn slowly. The contents of the syringe were then gently injected. Subsequently, the needle was left in place and a syringe containing 2 mL of 0.25% Marcaine and 1 mL of Depo-Medrol was attached to the needle and injected after aspiration at this site. Subsequently the needle was removed. Pressure was applied at the site of insertion and once it was made sure there was no bleeding taking place, a small bandage was applied.,POST PROCEDURE INSTRUCTIONS:, The patient has been asked to report to us any redness, swelling, inflammation, or fevers. The patient has been asked to restrict the use of the * extremity for the next 24 hours.pain management, plantar fascia injection, plantar fascia, calcaneus, heel pad, necrosis, depo-medrol, bandage, medial aspect, heel, syringe, injection, needleNOTE,: Thesetranscribed medical transcription sample reports and examples are provided by various users andare for reference purpose only. MTHelpLine does not certify accuracy and quality of sample reports.These transcribed medical transcription sample reports may include some uncommon or unusual formats;this would be due to the preference of the dictating physician. All names and dates have beenchanged (or removed) to keep confidentiality. Any resemblance of any type of name or date orplace or anything else to real world is purely incidental.,