Delivery Note - 9, DELIVERY NOTE:, This G1, P0 with EDC 12/23/08 presented with SROM about 7.30 this morning. Her prenatal care complicated by GBS screen positive and a transfer of care at 34 weeks from Idaho. Exam upon arrival 2 to 3 cm, 100% effaced, -1 station and by report pool of fluid was positive for Nitrazine and positive ferning.,She required augmentation with Pitocin to achieve a good active phase. She achieved complete cervical dilation at 1900 At this time, a bulging bag was noted, which ruptured and thick meconium was present. At 1937 hours, she delivered a viable male infant, left occiput, anterior. Mouth and nares suctioned well with a DeLee on the perineum. No nuchal cord present. Shoulders and body followed easily. Infant re-suctioned with the bulb and cord clamped x2 and cut and was taken to the warmer where the RN and RT were in attendance. Apgars 9 and 9. Pitocin 15 units infused via pump protocol. Placenta followed complete and intact with fundal massage and general traction on the cord. Three vessels are noted. She sustained a bilateral periurethral lax on the left side, this extended down to the labia minora, became a second degree in the inferior portion and did have some significant bleeding in this area. Therefore, this was repaired with #3-0 Vicryl after 1% lidocaine infiltrated approximately 5 mL. The remainder of the lacerations was not at all bleeding and no other lacerations present. Fundus required bimanual massage in a couple of occasions for recurrent atony with several larger clots; however, as the Pitocin infused and massage continued, this improved significantly. EBL was about 500 mL. Bleeding appears much better; however, Cytotec 400 mcg was placed per rectum apparently prophylactically. Mom and baby currently doing very well.surgery, augmentation with pitocin, delivery, cervical, dilation, perineum, lacerations, pitocin, infantNOTE,: Thesetranscribed medical transcription sample reports and examples are provided by various users andare for reference purpose only. MTHelpLine does not certify accuracy and quality of sample reports.These transcribed medical transcription sample reports may include some uncommon or unusual formats;this would be due to the preference of the dictating physician. All names and dates have beenchanged (or removed) to keep confidentiality. Any resemblance of any type of name or date orplace or anything else to real world is purely incidental.