CABG - 2, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Angina and coronary artery disease.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Angina and coronary artery disease.,NAME OF OPERATION:, Coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) x2, left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending and reverse saphenous vein graft to the circumflex, St. Jude proximal anastomosis used for vein graft. Off-pump Medtronic technique for left internal mammary artery, and a BIVAD technique for the circumflex.,ANESTHESIA:, General.,PROCEDURE DETAILS:, The patient was brought to the operating room and placed in the supine position upon the table. After adequate general anesthesia, the patient was prepped with Betadine soap and solution in the usual sterile manner. Elbows were protected to avoid ulnar neuropathy, chest wall expansion avoided to avoid ulnar neuropathy, phrenic nerve protectors used to protect the phrenic nerve and removed at the end of the case.,A midline sternal skin incision was made and carried down through the sternum which was divided with the saw. Pericardial and thymus fat pad was divided. The left internal mammary artery was harvested and spatulated for anastomosis. Heparin was given.,Vein resected from the thigh, side branches secured using 4-0 silk and Hemoclips. The thigh was closed multilayer Vicryl and Dexon technique. A Pulsavac wash was done, drain was placed.,The left internal mammary artery is sewn to the left anterior descending using 7-0 running Prolene technique with the Medtronic off-pump retractors. After this was done, the patient was fully heparinized, cannulated with a 6.5 atrial cannula and a 2-stage venous catheter and begun on cardiopulmonary bypass and maintained normothermia. Medtronic retractors used to expose the circumflex. Prior to going on pump, we stapled the vein graft in place to the aorta.,Then, on pump, we did the distal anastomosis with a 7-0 running Prolene technique. The right side graft was brought to the posterior descending artery using running 7-0 Prolene technique. Deairing procedure was carried out. The bulldogs were removed. The patient maintained good normal sinus rhythm with good mean perfusion. The patient was weaned from cardiopulmonary bypass. The arterial and venous lines were removed and doubly secured. Protamine was delivered. Meticulous hemostasis was present. Platelets were given for coagulopathy. Chest tube was placed and meticulous hemostasis was present. The anatomy and the flow in the grafts was excellent. Closure was begun.,The sternum was closed with wire, followed by linea alba and pectus fascia closure with running 0 Vicryl sutures in double-layer technique. The skin was closed with subcuticular 4-0 Dexon suture technique. The patient tolerated the procedure well and was transferred to the intensive care unit in stable condition.,We minimized the pump time to 16 minutes for just the distal anastomosis of the circumflex in order to lessen the insult to the kidneys as the patient already has kidney failure with a creatinine of 3.0.surgery, coronary artery disease, angina, coronary artery bypass grafting, internal mammary artery, coronary artery, vein graft, artery, bivad, cabg, medtronic, anastomosis, mammary, vein, circumflex,