Central Venous & Arterial Line, INDICATIONS FOR PROCEDURES:, Impending open-heart surgery for atrial septectomy and bilateral bidirectional Glenn procedure.,The patient was already under general anesthesia in the operating room. Antibiotic prophylaxis with cephazolin and gentamicin were already given. A strict aseptic technique was used including use of gowns, mask, and gloves, etc. The skin was cleansed with alcohol and then prepped with ChloraPrep solution.,PROCEDURE #1:, Insertion of central venous line.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE #1:, Attention was directed to the right groin. A Cook 4-French double-lumen 12-cm long central venous heparin-coated catheter kit was opened. Using the 21-gauge needle that comes with this kit, the needle was inserted approximately 2 cm below the right inguinal ligament just medial to the pulsations of the femoral artery. There was good venous blood return on the first try. Using the Seldinger technique, the soft J-end of the wire was inserted through the needle without resistance approximately 15 cm. It was then exchanged for a 5-French dilator followed by the 4-French double-lumen catheter and the wire was removed intact. There was good blood return from both lumens, which were flushed with heparinized saline. The catheter was sutured to the skin at three points with #4-0 silk for stabilization.,PROCEDURE #2:, Insertion of arterial line.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE #2:, Attention was directed to the left wrist, which was placed on wrist rest. The Allen test was normal. A Cook 2.5-French 5 cm long arterial catheter kit was opened. A 22-gauge IV cannula was used to enter the artery, which was done on the first try with good pulsatile blood return. Using the Seldinger technique, the catheter was exchanged for a 2.5-French catheter and the wire was removed intact. There was pulsatile blood return and the catheter was flushed with heparinized saline solution. It was sutured to the skin with #4-0 silk at three points for stabilization.,Both catheters functioned well throughout the procedure. The distal circulation of the leg and the hand was intact immediately after insertion, approximately 20 minutes later, and at the end of the procedure. There were no complications.,PROCEDURE #3:, Insertion of transesophageal echocardiography probe.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE #3:, The probe was inserted under direct vision because initially there was some resistance to insertion. Under direct vision, using the #2 Miller blade, the upper esophageal opening was visualized and the probe was passed easily without resistance. There was good visualization of the heart. The probe was used by the pediatric cardiologist for preoperative and postoperative diagnostic echocardiography. The probe was removed at the end. There was no trauma and there was no blood tingeing.,surgery, open-heart surgery, central venous line, arterial line, transesophageal echocardiography probe, glenn procedure, atrial septectomy, aseptic technique, pulsatile blood, central venous, blood return, arterial, central, probe, insertion, catheter