Recurrent Abscesses - Consult, REASON FOR CONSULTATION:, Recurrent abscesses in the thigh, as well as the pubic area for at least about 2 years.,HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, A 23-year-old female who is approximately 5 months' pregnant, who has had recurrent abscesses in the above-mentioned areas. She would usually have pustular type of lesion that would eventually break and would be quite painful. The drainage would be malodorous. It would initially not be infected as far as she knows, but then could eventually become infected. She stated that this first started after she had her first born about 2 years ago. She had recurrences of these abscesses and had pain, actually hospitalized at Hospital approximately a year and a half ago for about 1-1/2 months. She was treated with multiple courses of antibiotics. She had biopsies done. She was seen by Dr. X. Reportedly, she had a HIV test done that was negative. She had been seen by a dermatologist who said that she had a problem with her sweat glands. She has been on multiple courses of antibiotics. She never had any fevers. She has pain, drainage, and reportedly there was some bleeding in the area of the perineum/vaginal area.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:,1. History of recurrent abscesses in the perineum, upper medial thigh, and the vulva area for about 2 years. Per her report, a dermatologist had told her that she had an overactive sweat gland, and I believe she probably has hidradenitis suppurativa. Probably, she has had Staphylococcus infection associated with it as well.,2. Reported history of asthma.,GYNECOLOGIC HISTORY:, G3, P1. She is currently 5 months' pregnant.,ALLERGIES:, None.,MEDICATIONS:, Her medication had been Augmentin.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, She is followed by a gynecologist in Bartow. She is not an alcohol or tobacco user. She is not married. She has a 2-year-old child.,FAMILY HISTORY: ,Noncontributory.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, The patient has been complaining of diarrhea about 5 or 6 times a day for several weeks now.,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION,GENERAL:nan