Ruptured Globe Repair - Sclera and Limbus, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Ruptured globe with uveal prolapse OX.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Ruptured globe with uveal prolapse OX.,PROCEDURE: ,Repair of ruptured globe with repositing of uveal tissue OX.,ANESTHESIA: ,General,SPECIMENS:, None.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,INDICATIONS:, This is a XX-year-old (wo)man with a ruptured globe of the XXX eye.,PROCEDURE:, The risks and benefits of eye surgery were discussed at length with the patient, including bleeding, infection, re-operation, loss of vision, and loss of the eye. Informed consent was obtained. The patient received IV antibiotics including Ancef and Levaeuin prior to surgery. The patient was brought to the operating room and placud in the supine position, where (s)he wad prepped and draped in the routine fashion. A wire lid speculum was carefully placed to provide exposure. A two-armed 7 mm scleral laceration was seen in the supranasal quadrant. The laceration involved the sclera and the limbus in this area. There was a small amount of iris tissue prolapsed in the wound. The Westcott scissors and 0.12 forceps were used to carefully dissect the conjunctiva away from the wound to provide exposure. A cyclodialysis spatula was used to carefully reposit the prolapsed iris tissue back into the anterior chamber. The anterior chamber remained formed and the iris tissue easily resumed its normal position. The pupil appeared round. An 8-0 nylon suture was used to close the scleral portion of the laceration. Three sutures were placed using the 8-0 nylon suture. Then 9-0 nylon suture was used to close the limbal portion of the wound. After the wound appeared closed, a Superblade was used to create a paracentesis at approximately 2 o'clock. BSS was injected through the paracentesis to fill the anterior chamber. The wound was checked and found to be watertight. No leaks were observed. An 8-0 Vicryl suture was used to reposition the conjunctiva and close the wound. Three 8-0 Vicryl sutures were placed in the conjunctiva. All scleral sutures were completely covered. The anterior chamber remained formed and the pupil remained round and appeared so at the end of the case. Subconjunctival injections of Ancef and dexamethasone were given at the end of the case as well as Tobradex ointment. The lid speculum was carefully removed. The drapes were carefully removed. Sterile saline was used to clean around the XXX eye as well as the rest of the face. The area was carefully dried and an eye patch and shield were taped over the XXX eye. The patient was awakened from general anesthesia without difficulty. (S)he was taken to the recovery area in good condition. There were no complications.surgery, ruptured globe, bss, subconjunctival, bleeding, conjunctiva, eye patch, infection, limbus, loss of the eye, loss of vision, re-operation, scleral laceration, supranasal quadrant, uveal prolapse, wire lid speculum, iris tissue, anterior chamber, laceration, iris, chamber, ruptured, globe, eye,