ORIF Wrist - Acumed Locking Plate, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: ,Closed displaced angulated fracture of the right distal radius.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Closed displaced angulated fracture of the right distal radius.,PROCEDURE:, Open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) of the right wrist using an Acumed locking plate.,ANESTHESIA:, General laryngeal mask airway.,ESTIMATED BLOOD LOSS:, Minimal.,TOURNIQUET TIME:, 40 minutes.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,The patient was taken to the postanesthesia care unit in stable condition. The patient tolerated the procedure well.,INDICATIONS: ,The patient is a 23-year-old gentleman who was involved in a crush injury to his right wrist. He was placed into a well-molded splint after reduction was performed in the emergency department. Further x-rays showed further distal fragment dorsal angulation that progressively worsened and it was felt that surgical intervention was warranted. All risks, benefits, expectations, and complications of the surgery were explained to the patient in detail, and he signed the informed consent for ORIF of the right wrist.,PROCEDURE:, The patient was taken to the operating suite, placed in supine position on the operative table. The Department of anesthesia administered a general endotracheal anesthetic, which the patient tolerated well. The right upper extremity had a well-padded tourniquet placed on the right arm, which was insufflated and maintained for 40 minutes at 250 mmHg pressure. The right upper extremity was prepped and draped in a sterile fashion. A 5-cm incision was made over the flexor carpi radialis of the right wrist. The skin was incised down to the subcutaneous tissue, the deep tissue was retracted, blunt dissection was performed down to the pronator quadratus. Sharp dissection was performed through the pronator quadratus after which a tissue elevator was used to elevate this tissue. Next, a reduction was performed placing the distal fragment into appropriate alignment. This was checked under fluoroscopy, and was noted to be adequately reduced and in appropriate position. An Acumed Accu-lock plate was placed along the volar aspect of the distal radius. This was checked under AP and lateral views with C-arm, noted to be in appropriate alignment. A 3.5-mm cortical screw was placed through the proximal aspect of the plate, positioned it into position. Two distal locking screws were placed along the plate itself. The screws were checked under AP and lateral views noting the fracture fragment was well aligned and appropriately reduced with the 2 screws being placed into appropriate position with the appropriate length as well as not being intraarticular. Four more screws were placed along the distal aspect of the plate and 2 more proximal along the plate. All locking screws placed into position and had excellent purchase into the bone or had excellent fixation into the plate and maintained the alignment of the fracture. AP and lateral views were taken of these screw placements again. None of these screws were into the joint and all had appropriate length into the dorsal cortex. Two more 3.5 fully threaded cortical screws were placed along the proximal aspect of the plate and had excellent bicortical purchase. AP and lateral views were taken of the wrist once again showing that this was appropriate reduction of the fracture as well as appropriate placement of the screws. Bicortical purchase was appreciated and no screws were placed into the joint. The wound itself was copiously irrigated with saline and Kantrex after which the subcutaneous tissue was approximated with 2-0 Vicryl, and the skin was closed with running 4-0 nylon stitch; 10 mL of 0.5% Marcaine plain was injected into the wound site after which sterile dressing was placed as well as the volar splint. The patient was awakened from general anesthetic, transferred to the hospital gurney and taken to the postanesthesia care unit in stable condition. The patient tolerated the procedure well.surgery, open reduction, angulated fracture, distal radius, acumed locking plate, internal fixation, tourniquet, acumed, orif, reduction, fracture, wrist