Psychosocial Eval - Donor, DONOR'S PERCEPTION OF RECIPIENT'S ILLNESS:,What is your understanding of the recipient's illness and why they need a kidney - This kidney is for my mother who is on dialysis and my mother has been suffering long enough, and I want to relieve the suffering so that she is able to have a kidney transplant. ,When and how did subject of donation arise - My mom and I talked about it together as a family. ,RECIPIENT'S REACTION TO OFFER:,What was the recipient's reaction to your offer: I would rather not go there. Well, since we were talking, I will tell you that my mother really does not understand. She is very worried. She is very afraid that something might happen to me, and she would feel terrible if I had any problems as a result of being a donor. I don't think my mom really understands, and I know that she really needs a kidney. I think she is coming around to accepting. ,FAMILY'S REACTION TO OFFER:,What are your family feelings about your being a donor - Well, my children are fine and my husband is very supportive. ,CANDIDATE'S MOTIVATION TO DONATE:,How did you arrive at the decision to be a donor - My brothers and sisters and I got together and we all decided since my schedule was the most flexible and I was used to traveling, I seem like to the best candidate. ,How would your family and friends react if you decided not to be a donor - I don't think that is going to happen. ,CANDIDATE'S MOTIVATION TO DONATE:,How would you feel if you cannot be the donor for any reason - I would feel very upset because I know that this is the best for my mother, and I want to do this very badly for my mother. I am hoping my headache is away and my blood pressure comes down so that I will start to feel better during this workup. ,CANDIDATE'S DESCRIPTION OF RELATIONSHIP WITH RECIPIENT:,What is your relationship to the recipient - That is my mother. ,How your relationship with the recipient change if you donate your kidney - I am not sure that it will change at all. I know that I will feel better about doing this for my mother, because my mother is always sacrificing and helping others. ,With your being a donor affect any other relationships in your life - No, I don't think it will have that much of an impact. I am away from my children and my husband a lot because of I travel with my job. So I don't think being donor will really have that dramatic affect.,Do you have an understanding of the process of transplant - Yes, I have a very good understanding of the transplant process. I work as a contract nursing all over the country. I am able to see patients doing different things in different places and so I feel like I have a very realistic perceptive on the process. ,CANDIDATE'S UNDERSTANDING OF TRANSPLANTATION AND RISK OF REJECTION:,Do you understand the risk of rejection of your kidney by the recipient - Yes, I do understand all the risks. I have had a long conversation with the coordinator and we have talked about these things. ,Have you thought about how you might feel if the kidney is rejected - I guess, I am just sure that I won't be rejected and I am just sure that everything will be fine. It is a part of the way I am managing my stress about this. ,Do you have any doubts or concerns about donating - No, I don't have any doubts or any concerns right now. I just wish this headache would go away.,Do you understand that there will be pain after the transplant - Of course, I do. ,What are your expectations about your recuperation - I am planning on staying with my mom for three months in the Houston area after the transplant. We live outside of Tampa, Florida; so this will be an adventure for both of us. ,Do you need to speak further to any of the transplant team members - No, I have had a long talk with ABC. I feel pretty comfortable about my conversation with her as well as my conversation with the Nephrologist.,MEDICAL HISTORY:,What previous illnesses or surgeries have you had - I had a one cesarian section, and I also suffered from asthma as a child. I am in otherwise good health. ,Are you currently on any medication - Yes, I am on Folic acid. ,PSYCHIATRIC HISTORY:,Have you ever spoken with a counselor, therapist, or psychiatrist - No, I have not. I have a good supportive system and a lot of people that I can talk to when I need to. ,ALCOHOL, NICOTINE, DRUG USE:,Do you smoke - No. ,Any typical drinks you prefer - I am a nondrinker. ,What kinds of recreational drugs have you tried? Have you used any recently - None. ,FAMILY AND SUPPORT SYSTEMS:,MARITAL STATUS: LENGTH OF TIME MARRIED: I live with my family, my husband, and my two children with good relationship. We have been married for 29 years. ,NAME OF SPOUSE/PARTNER: His name is Xyz. ,AGE AND HEALTH OF SPOUSE/PARTNER: He is in his 40s and he is healthy and lives outside of Tampo with our 6-year-old daughter. Our elder child has just finished college. ,CHILDREN: I have two children; ages 28 and also 6.,POST-SURGICAL HOUSING PLAN:,With whom will you stay after discharge - I will stay with a friend. He lives in the Houston area. I am staying with that friend right now, while I am here for my workup. ,CURRENT OCCUPATION:,What is your current occupation - I currently work on a contract basis as a nurse. I go on assignments all over the country, and I work until the contract is over. This allowed me to be flexible and the best candidate for donation to mom. ,Do you have the support of your employer - Absolutely. ,PAID OFF TIME:,Paid leave - None. ,Disability coverage: None. ,SUPPORTIVE ENVIRONMENT:, Yes. nan