Acne Vulgaris - H&P, CHIEF COMPLAINT (1/1):, This 19 year old female presents today complaining of acne from continually washing area, frequent phone use so the receiver rubs on face and oral contraceptive use. Location: She indicates the problem location is the chin, right temple and left temple locally. Severity: Severity of condition is worsening.,Menses: Onset: 13 years old. Interval: 22-27 days. Duration: 4-6 days. Flow: light. Complications: none.,ALLERGIES:, Patient admits allergies to penicillin resulting in difficulty breathing.,MEDICATION HISTORY:, Patient is currently taking Alesse-28, 20 mcg-0.10 mg tablet usage started on 08/07/2001 medication was prescribed by Obstetrician-Gynecologist A.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:, Female Reproductive Hx: (+) birth control pill use, Childhood Illnesses: (+) chickenpox, (+) measles.,PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:, No previous surgeries.,FAMILY HISTORY:, Patient admits a family history of anxiety, stress disorder associated with mother.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, Patient admits caffeine use She consumes 3-5 servings per day, Patient admits alcohol use Drinking is described as social, Patient admits good diet habits, Patient admits exercising regularly, Patient denies STD history.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, Integumentary: (+) periodic reddening of face, (+) acne problems, Allergic /,Immunologic: (-) allergic or immunologic symptoms, Constitutional Symptoms: (-) constitutional symptoms,such as fever, headache, nausea, dizziness.,PHYSICAL EXAM:, Patient is a 19 year old female who appears pleasant, in no apparent distress, her given age, well developed, well nourished and with good attention to hygiene and body habitus. Skin: Examination of scalp shows no abnormalities. Hair growth and distribution is normal. Inspection of skin outside of affected area reveals no abnormalities. Palpation of skin shows no abnormalities. Inspection of eccrine and apocrine glands shows no evidence of hyperidrosis, chromidrosis or bromhidrosis. Face shows keratotic papule.,IMPRESSION:, Acne vulgaris.,PLAN:, Recommended treatment is antibiotic therapy. Patient received extensive counseling about acne. She understands acne treatment is usually long-term. Return to clinic in 4 week (s).,PATIENT INSTRUCTIONS:, Patient received literature regarding acne vulgaris. Discussed with the patient the prescription for Tetracycline and handed out information regarding the side effects and the proper method of ingestion.,PRESCRIPTIONS:, Tetracycline Dosage: 250 mg capsule Sig: BID Dispense: 60 Refills: 0 Allow Generic: Yes