Cataract Extraction - 1, PROCEDURE PERFORMED:, Extracapsular cataract extraction with posterior chamber intraocular lens placement by phacoemulsification.,ANESTHESIA:, Peribulbar.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE: ,The patient was brought to the operating room after the eye was dilated with topical Mydriacyl and Neo-Synephrine drops. A Honan balloon was placed over the eye for a period of 20 minutes at 10 mmHg. A peribulbar block was given to the eye using 8 cc of a mixture of 0.5% Marcaine without epinephrine mixed with Wydase plus one-half of 2% lidocaine without epinephrine. The Honan balloon was then re-placed over the eye for an additional 10 minutes at 20 mmHg. The eye was prepped with a Betadine solution and draped in the usual sterile fashion. A wire speculum was placed in the eye and then a clear corneal paracentesis site was made inferiorly with a 15-degree blade, followed by instillation of 0.1 cc of preservative-free lidocaine 1% into the anterior chamber, followed by viscoelastic. A 2.8-mm keratome was used to create a self-sealing temporal corneal incision and then a bent capsulotomy needle was used to create an anterior capsular flap. The Utrata forceps were used to complete a continuous tear capsulorrhexis, and hydrodissection and hydrodelineation of the nucleus was performed with BSS on a cannula. Phacoemulsification in a quartering-and-cracking technique was used to remove the nucleus and then the residual cortex was removed with the irrigation and aspiration unit. Gentle vacuuming of the central posterior capsule was performed. The capsular bag was re-expanded with viscoelastic, and then the wound was opened to a 3.4-mm size with an additional keratome to allow insertion of the intraocular lens.,The intraocular lens was folded, inserted into the capsular bag and then un-folded. The trailing haptic was tucked underneath the anterior capsular rim. The lens was shown to center very well. Therefore, the viscoelastic was removed with the irrigation and aspiration unit and one 10-0 nylon suture was placed across the incision after Miochol was injected into the anterior chamber to cause pupillary constriction. The wound was shown to be watertight. Therefore, TobraDex ointment was applied to the eye, an eye pad loosely applied and a Fox shield taped firmly in place.,The patient tolerated the procedure well and left the operating room in good condition.ophthalmology, phacoemulsification, hydrodissection, peribulbar block, irrigation and aspiration, honan balloon, anterior chamber, anterior capsular, aspiration unit, capsular bag, cataract extraction, intraocular lens, cataract, extraction, peribulbar, lidocaine, viscoelastic, chamber, epinephrine, anterior, capsular, lens, intraocular, eye,