PMT Halo Crown & Vest, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSES:, Cervical spondylosis, status post complex anterior cervical discectomy, corpectomy, decompression and fusion.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSES:, Cervical spondylosis, status post complex anterior cervical discectomy, corpectomy, decompression and fusion, and potentially unstable cervical spine.,OPERATIVE PROCEDURE: ,Application of PMT large halo crown and vest.,ESTIMATED BLOOD LOSS:, None.,ANESTHESIA: ,Local, conscious sedation with Morphine and Versed.,COMPLICATIONS:, None. Post-fixation x-rays, nonalignment, no new changes. Post-fixation neurologic examination normal.,CLINICAL HISTORY: ,The patient is a 41-year-old female who presented to me with severe cervical spondylosis and myelopathy. She was referred to me by Dr. X. The patient underwent a complicated anterior cervical discectomy, 2-level corpectomy, spinal cord decompression and fusion with fibular strut and machine allograft in the large cervical plate. Surgery had gone well, and the patient has done well in the last 2 days. She is neurologically improved and is moving all four extremities. No airway issues. It was felt that the patient was now a candidate for a halo vest placement given that chance of going to the OR were much smaller. She was consented for the procedure, and I sought the help of ABC and felt that a PMT halo would be preferable to a Bremer halo vest. The patient had this procedure done at the bedside, in the SICU room #1. I used a combination of some morphine 1 mg and Versed 2 mg for this procedure. I also used local anesthetic, with 1% Xylocaine and epinephrine a total of 15 to 20 cc.,PROCEDURE DETAILS:, The patient's head was positioned on some towels, the retroauricular region was shaved, and the forehead and the posterolateral periauricular regions were prepped with Betadine. A large PMT crown was brought in and fixed to the skull with pins under local anesthetic. Excellent fixation achieved. It was lateral to the supraorbital nerves and 1 fingerbreadth above the brows and the ear pinnae.,I then put the vest on, by sitting the patient up, stabilizing her neck. The vest was brought in from the front as well and connected. Head was tilted appropriately, slightly extended, and in the midline. All connections were secured and pins were torqued and tightened.,During the procedure, the patient did fine with no significant pain.,Post-procedure, she is neurologically intact and she remained intact throughout. X-rays of the cervical spine AP, lateral, and swimmer views showed excellent alignment of the hardware construct in the graft with no new changes.,The patient will be subjected to a CT scan to further define the alignment, and barring any problems, she will be ambulating with the halo on.,The patient will undergo pin site care as per protocol, and likely she will go in the next 2 to 3 days. Her prognosis indeed is excellent, and she is already about 90% or so better from her surgery. She is also on a short course of Decadron, which we will wean off in due course.,The matter was discussed with the patient and the patient's family.surgery, cervical spondylosis, anterior cervical discectomy, corpectomy, decompression, fusion, pmt, crown, vest, pmt halo, cervical,