SynchroMed Pump Placement, PROCEDURES:,1. Placement of SynchroMed infusion pump.,2. Tunneling of SynchroMed infusion pump catheter,3. Anchoring of the intrathecal catheter and connecting of the right lower quadrant SynchroMed pump catheter to the intrathecal catheter.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE:, Under general endotracheal anesthesia, the patient was placed in a lateral decubitus position. The patient was prepped and draped in a sterile manner. The intrathecal catheter was placed via a percutaneous approach by the pain management specialist at which point an incision was made adjacent to the needle containing the intrathecal catheter. This incision was carried down through the skin and subcutaneous tissue to the paraspinous muscle fascia which was cleared around the entry point of the intrathecal catheter needle. A pursestring suture of 3-0 Prolene was placed around the needle in the paraspinous muscle. The needle was withdrawn. The pursestring suture was tied to snug the tissues around the catheter and prevent cerebrospinal fluid leak. The catheter demonstrated free flow of cerebrospinal fluid,throughout the RV procedure. The catheter was anchored to the paraspinous muscle with an anchoring device using interrupted sutures of 3-0 Prolene. Antibiotic irrigation and antibiotic soak sponge were placed into the wound, and the catheter was clamped to prevent persistent leakage of cerebrospinal fluid while the SynchroMed-pump pocket was created. Then, I turned my attention to the anterior abdominal wall where an oblique incision was made and carried down through the skin and subcutaneous tissue to the external oblique fascia, which was freed from attachments to the overlying subcutaneous tissue utilizing blunt and sharp dissection with electrocautery. A pocket was created that would encompass the SynchroMed fusion pump. A tunneling device was then passed through the subcutaneous tissue from the back incision to the abdominal incision, and a SynchroMed pump catheter was placed to the tunneling device. The tunneling device was then removed leaving the SynchroMed pump catheter extending from the anterior abdominal wall incision to the posterior back incision. The intrathecal catheter was trimmed. A clear plastic boot was placed over the intrathecal catheter, and the connecting device was advanced from the SynchroMed pump catheter into the intrathecal catheter connecting the 2 catheters together. The clear plastic boot was then placed over the connection, and it was anchored in place with 0-silk ties. Good CSF was then demonstrated flowing through the SynchroMed pump catheter. The SynchroMed pump catheter was connected to the SynchroMed pump and anchored in place with a 0-silk tie. Excess catheter was coiled and placed behind the pump. The pump was placed into the subcutaneous pocket created for it on the anterior abdominal wall. The pump was anchored to the anterior abdominal wall fascia with interrupted sutures of 2-0 Prolene; 4 of the sutures were placed. The subcutaneous tissues were irrigated with normal saline. The subcutaneous tissue of both wounds was closed with running suture of 3-0 Vicryl. The skin of both wounds was closed with staples. Antibiotic ointment and a sterile dressing were applied. The patient was awake and taken to the recovery room. The patient tolerated the procedure well and was stable at the completion of the procedure. All sponge and lap, needle and instrument counts were correct at the completion of the procedure.pain management, intrathecal, catheter, paraspinous, cerebrospinal, synchromed infusion pump, synchromed pump catheter, synchromed pump, paraspinous muscle, cerebrospinal fluid, tunneling device, infusion pump, subcutaneous tissue, infusion, synchromed, pump, incision,