Epidural Steroid Block, DIAGNOSIS:, Left sciatica.,ANESTHESIA:, Intravenous sedation,NAME OF OPERATION:,1. Left L5-S1 transforaminal epidural steroid block with fluoroscopy.,2. Left L4-5 transforaminal epidural steroid block with fluoroscopy.,3. Monitored intravenous Versed sedation.,PROCEDURE:, The patient was taken to the block room. He was placed prone on the fluoroscopy table. He was monitored appropriately. He was administered Versed 2 mg IV. His O2 saturation remained greater than 90%. His back was prepped and draped. The C-arm was brought in. The endplates at L5-S1 were squared off. The C-arm was rotated to the left. The L5 pedicle, the superior articular process of the L5-S1 facet, and the neck of the scotty dog were all visualized. After adequate local anesthesia, a 22-gauge, 3-1/2-inch spinal needle was inserted using down-the-barrel-of-the-needle technique. The needle was advanced into the posterior aspect of the foramen and then advanced anteriorly toward the 6 o'clock position on the pedicle. No paresthesias were noted. One-half cc of contrast was injected and spread medially around the pedicle and into the epidural space, and the L5 nerve root was visualized. Depo-Medrol 80 mg plus 1 cc of 4% preservative-free lidocaine was injected. The needle was flushed and removed.,I then went up to the L4-5 level, and using a similar technique, injected the patient transforaminally at the L4-5 level. Depo-Medrol 80 mg plus 1 cc of 4% preservative-free lidocaine was injected at the L4-5 level just as at the L5-S1 level. The patient had pain down his left leg during the injection, primarily at the L5-S1 level similar to what he normally experiences. He was awake and alert, and taken to the recovery room in good condition. His left leg pain was relieved.pain management, c-arm, epidural steroid block with fluoroscopy, sciatica, transforaminal, steroid block with fluoroscopy, epidural steroid block, depo medrol, transforaminal epidural, steroid block, fluoroscopy, epidural, intravenous, steroid,