Acute Cystitis & Diabetes Type II, HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, The patient is a 45-year-old male complaining of abdominal pain. The patient also has a long-standing history of diabetes which is treated with Micronase daily.,PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:, There is no significant past medical history noted today.,PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:,HEENT: Patient denies ear abnormalities, nose abnormalities and throat abnormalities.,Cardio: Patient has history of elevated cholesterol, but does not have ASHD, hypertension and PVD.,Resp: Patient denies asthma, lung infections and lung lesions.,GI: Patient denies colon abnormalities, gall bladder problems, liver abnormalities and peptic ulcer disease.,GU: Patient has history of Urinary tract disorder, but does not have Bladder disorder and Kidney disorder.,Endocrine: Patient has history of diabetes, but does not have hormonal irregularities and thyroid abnormalities.,Dermatology: Patient denies allergic reactions, rashes and skin lesions.,MEDS:, Micronase 2.5 mg Tab PO QAM #30. Bactrim 400/80 Tab PO BID #30.,SOCIAL HISTORY:, No known history of drug or alcohol abuse. Work, diet, and exercise patterns are within normal limits.,FAMILY HISTORY:, No significant family history.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, Non-contributory.,Vital Signs: Height = 72 in. Weight =184 lbs. Upright BP = 120/80 mmHg. Pulse = 80 bpm. Resp =12 pm. Patient is afebrile.,Neck: The neck is supple. There is no jugular venous distension. The thyroid is nontender, or normal size and conto.,Lungs: Lung expansion and excursions are symmetric. The lungs are clear to auscultation and percussion.,Cardio: There is a regular rhythm. SI and S2 are normal. No abnormal heart sounds are detected. Blood pressure is equal bilaterally.,Abdomen: Normal bowel sounds are present. The abdomen is soft; The abdomen is nontender; without organomegaly; There is no CVA tenderness. No hernias are noted.,Extremities: There is no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema.,ASSESSMENT:, Diabetes type II uncontrolled. Acute cystitis.,PLAN:, Endocrinology Consult, complete CBC. ,RX:, Micronase 2.5 mg Tab PO QAM #30, Bactrim 400/80 Tab PO BID #30.nan