Phacoemulsification of Cataract, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS (ES):, Cataract, right eye.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS (ES):, Cataract, right eye.,PROCEDURE:, Right phacoemulsification of cataract with intraocular lens implantation.,DESCRIPTION OF THE OPERATION:, Under topical anesthesia with monitored anesthesia care, the patient was prepped, draped and positioned under the operating microscope. A lid speculum was applied to the right eye, and a stab incision into the anterior chamber was done close to the limbus at about the 1 o'clock position with a Superblade, and Xylocaine 1% preservative free 0.25 mL was injected into the anterior chamber, which was then followed by Healon to deepen the anterior chamber. Using a keratome, another stab incision was done close to the limbus at about the 9 o'clock position and with the Utrata forceps, anterior capsulorrhexis was performed, and the torn anterior capsule was totally removed. Hydrodissection and hydrodelineation were performed with the tuberculin syringe filled with BSS. The tip of the phaco unit was introduced into the anterior chamber, and anterior sculpting of the nucleus was performed until about more than two-thirds of the nucleus was removed. Using the phaco tip and the Drysdale hook, the nucleus was broken up into 4 pieces and then phacoemulsified.,The phaco tip was then exchanged for the aspiration/irrigation tip, and cortical materials were aspirated. Posterior capsule was polished with a curette polisher, and Healon was injected into the capsular bag. Using the Monarch intraocular lens inserter, the posterior chamber intraocular lens model SN60WF power +19.50 was placed into the inserter after applying some Healon, and the tip of the inserter was gently introduced through the cornea tunnel wound, into the capsular bag and then the intraocular lens was then inserted inferior haptic first into the back and the superior haptic was placed into the bag with the same instrument. Intraocular lens was then rotated about half a turn with a collar button hook. Healon was removed with the aspiration/irrigation tip, and balanced salt solution was injected through the side port to deepen the anterior chamber. It was found that there was no leakage of fluid through the cornea tunnel wound. For this reason, no suture was applied. Vigamox, Econopred and Nevanac eye drops were instilled and the eye was covered with a perforated shield. The patient tolerated the procedure well. There were no complications.ophthalmology, cataract, implantation, intraocular, intraocular lens, lens implantation, phacoemulsification, capsular bag, capsule, intraocular lens implantation, cornea tunnel wound, phacoemulsification of cataract, cornea tunnel, anterior chamber, anesthesia, cornea, lens, chamber,