Carotid & Cerebral Arteriograms, EXAM:, Carotid and cerebral arteriograms.,INDICATION:, Abnormal carotid duplex studies demonstrating occlusion of the left internal carotid artery.,IMPRESSION:,1. Complete occlusion of the left common carotid artery approximately 3 cm distal to its origin.,2. Mild stenosis of the right internal carotid artery measured at 20%.,3. Patent bilateral vertebral arteries.,4. No significant disease was identified of the anterior cerebral vessels.,DISCUSSION: ,Carotid and cerebral arteriograms were performed on Month DD, YYYY, previous studies are not available for comparison.,The right groin was sterilely cleansed and draped. Lidocaine 1% buffered with sodium bicarbonate was used as local anesthetic. A 19-French needle was then advanced into the common femoral artery and a wire was advanced. Over the wire, a sheath was placed. A wire was then advanced into the abdominal aorta and over the wire and the flushed catheter was then advanced to the arch of the aorta over a wire. Flushed arteriogram was performed. Arteriogram demonstrated no significant disease of the great vessels at their origins. There is demonstration of complete occlusion of the left common carotid artery approximately 3 cm distal to its origin. The vertebral arteries were widely patent. Following this, the flushed catheter was exchanged for ***** catheter and selective catheterization of the common carotid artery on the right was performed. Carotid and cerebral arteriograms were performed. The carotid arteriograms on the right demonstrated the carotid bulb to be unremarkable. The external carotid artery on the right is quite tortuous in its appearance. The internal carotid artery demonstrates a mild plaque creating stenosis, which is measured approximately 20%. Cerebral arteriogram on the right demonstrated the A1 and M1 segments bilaterally to be normal. No significant stenosis identified. There is complete cross-filling into the left brain via the right. No significant stenosis was appreciated.,Following this, the catheter was parked at the origin of the left common carotid artery and ejection demonstrated complete occlusion.,The patient tolerated the procedure well. No complications occurred during or immediately after the procedure. Stasis was achieved of the puncture site using a VasoSeal. The patient will be observed for at least 2-1/2 hours prior to being discharged to home.radiology, carotid, arteriogram, bulb, carotid duplex, catheter, cerebral, distal, femoral artery, internal carotid artery, needle, occlusion, sheath, stenosis, vertebral arteries, vessels, cerebral arteriograms, carotid artery, artery, arteriograms, wire,