Dietary Consultation - 2, SUBJECTIVE:, This is a 54-year-old female who comes for dietary consultation for weight reduction secondary to diabetes. She did attend diabetes education classes at Abc Clinic. She comes however, wanting to really work at weight reduction. She indicates that she has been on the Atkins' diet for about two years and lost about ten pounds. She is now following a veggie diet which she learned about in Poland originally. She has been on it for three weeks and intends to follow it for another three weeks. This does not allow any fruits or grains or starchy vegetables or meats. She does eat nuts for protein. She is wanting to know if she is at risk of having a severe low blood sugar reaction in this form of diet. She also wants to know that if she gets skinny enough, if the diabetes will go away. Her problem time, blood sugar wise, is in the morning. She states that if she eats too much in the evening that her blood sugars are always higher the next morning.,OBJECTIVE:, Weight: 189 pounds. Reported height: 5 feet 5 inches. BMI is approximately 31-1/2. Diabetes medications include metformin 500 mg daily. Lab from 5/12/04: Hemoglobin A1C was 6.4%.,A diet history was obtained. I instructed the patient on dietary guidelines for weight reduction. A 1200-calorie meal plan was recommended.,ASSESSMENT:, Patient's diet history reflects that she is highly restricting carbohydrates in her food intake. She does not have blood sugar records with her for me to review, but we discussed strategies for improving blood sugar control in the morning. This primarily included a recommendation of including some solid protein with her bedtime snack which could be done in the form of nuts. She is doing some physical activity two to three times a week. This includes aerobic walking with weights on her arms and her ankles. She is likely going to need to increase frequency in this area to help support weight reduction. Her basal metabolic rate was estimated at 1415 calories a day. Her total calorie requirements for weight maintenance are estimated at 1881 calories a day. A 1200-calorie meal plan should support a weight loss of at least one pound a week.,PLAN:, Recommend patient increase the frequency of her walking to five days a week. Encouraged a 30-minute duration. Also recommend patient include some solid protein with her bedtime snack to help address fasting blood sugar elevations. And lastly, I encouraged caloric intake of just under 1200 calories daily. Recommend keeping food records and tracking caloric intake. It is unlikely that her blood sugars would drop significantly low on the current dose of Glucophage. However, I encouraged her to be careful not to reduce calories below 1000 calories daily. She may want to consider a multivitamin as well. This was a one-hour consultation.consult - history and phy., consultation, atkins' diet, blood sugar reaction, diabetes, diabetes education, diabetes education classes, diet history, dietary consultation, dietary guidelines, meal plan, protein, veggie diet, weight reduction, caloric intake, blood sugar, reduction, sugar, calories, blood, dietary, weight,