Vein Stripping, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Chronic venous hypertension with painful varicosities, lower extremities, bilaterally.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Chronic venous hypertension with painful varicosities, lower extremities, bilaterally.,PROCEDURES,1. Greater saphenous vein stripping and stab phlebectomies requiring 10 to 20 incisions, right leg.,2. Greater saphenous vein stripping and stab phlebectomies requiring 10 to 20 incisions, left leg.,PROCEDURE DETAIL:, After obtaining the informed consent, the patient was taken to the operating room where she underwent a general endotracheal anesthesia. A time-out process was followed and antibiotics were given.,Then, both legs were prepped and draped in the usual fashion with the patient was in the supine position. An incision was made in the right groin and the greater saphenous vein at its junction with the femoral vein was dissected out and all branches were ligated and divided. Then, an incision was made just below the knee where the greater saphenous vein was also found and connection to varices from the calf were seen. A third incision was made in the distal third of the right thigh in the area where there was a communication with large branch varicosities. Then, a vein stripper was passed from the right calf up to the groin and the greater saphenous vein, which was divided, was stripped without any difficultly. Several minutes of compression was used for hemostasis. Then, the exposed branch varicosities both in the lower third of the thigh and in the calf were dissected out and then many stabs were performed to do stab phlebectomies at the level of the thigh and the level of the calf as much as the position would allow us to do.,Then in the left thigh, a groin incision was made and the greater saphenous vein was dissected out in the same way as was on the other side. Also, an incision was made in the level of the knee and the saphenous vein was isolated there. The saphenous vein was stripped and a several minutes of local compression was performed for hemostasis. Then, a number of stabs to perform phlebectomy were performed at the level of the calf to excise branch varicosities to the extent that the patient's position would allow us. Then, all incisions were closed in layers with Vicryl and staples.,Then, the patient was placed in the prone position and the stab phlebectomies of the right thigh and calf and left thigh and calf were performed using 10 to 20 stabs in each leg. The stab phlebectomies were performed with a hook and they were very satisfactory. Hemostasis achieved with compression and then staples were applied to the skin.,Then, the patient was rolled onto a stretcher where both legs were wrapped with the Kerlix, fluffs, and Ace bandages.,Estimated blood loss probably was about 150 mL. The patient tolerated the procedure well and was sent to recovery room in satisfactory condition. The patient is to be observed, so a decision will be made whether she needs to stay overnight or be able to go home.neurology, chronic venous hypertension, varicosities, stab phlebectomies, greater saphenous vein stripping, lower extremities, vein stripping, saphenous vein, vein, incisions, hemostasis, stripping, branches, phlebectomies, thigh, calf, saphenous,