Normal Female Exam Template, MULTISYSTEM EXAM,CONSTITUTIONAL:, The vital signs showed that the patient was afebrile; blood pressure and heart rate were within normal limits. The patient appeared alert.,EYES:, The conjunctiva was clear. The pupil was equal and reactive. There was no ptosis. The irides appeared normal.,EARS, NOSE AND THROAT:, The ears and the nose appeared normal in appearance. Hearing was grossly intact. The oropharynx showed that the mucosa was moist. There was no lesion that I could see in the palate, tongue. tonsil or posterior pharynx.,NECK:, The neck was supple. The thyroid gland was not enlarged by palpation.,RESPIRATORY: ,The patient's respiratory effort was normal. Auscultation of the lung showed it to be clear with good air movement.,CARDIOVASCULAR:, Auscultation of the heart revealed S1 and S2 with regular rate with no murmur noted. The extremities showed no edema.,BREASTS: ,Breast inspection showed them to be symmetrical with no nipple discharge. Palpation of the breasts and axilla revealed no obvious mass that I could appreciate.,GASTROINTESTINAL: ,The abdomen was soft, nontender with no rebound, no guarding, no enlarged liver or spleen. Bowel sounds were present.,GU: ,The external genitalia appeared to be normal. The pelvic exam revealed no adnexal masses. The uterus appeared to be normal in size and there was no cervical motion tenderness.,LYMPHATIC: ,There was no appreciated node that I could feel in the groin or neck area.,MUSCULOSKELETAL: ,The head and neck by inspection showed no obvious deformity. Again, the extremities showed no obvious deformity. Range of motion appeared to be normal for the upper and lower extremities.,SKIN:, Inspection of the skin and subcutaneous tissues appeared to be normal. The skin was pink, warm and dry to touch.,NEUROLOGIC:, Deep tendon reflexes were symmetrical at the patellar area. Sensation was grossly intact by touch.,PSYCHIATRIC: ,The patient was oriented to time, place and person. The patient's judgment and insight appeared to be normal.