Phacoemulsification - Kelman, PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Nuclear sclerotic cataract, right eye.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Nuclear sclerotic cataract, right eye.,OPERATIVE PROCEDURES:, Kelman phacoemulsification with posterior chamber intraocular lens, right eye.,ANESTHESIA:, Topical.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,INDICATION:, This is a 40-year-old male, who has been noticing problems with blurry vision. They were found to have a visually significant cataract. The risks, benefits, and alternatives of cataract surgery to the right eye were discussed and they did agree to proceed.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE:, After informed consent was obtained, the patient was taken to the operating room. A drop of tetracaine was instilled in the right eye and the right eye was prepped and draped in the usual sterile ophthalmic fashion. A paracentesis was created at ** o'clock. The anterior chamber was filled with Viscoat. A clear corneal incision was made at ** o'clock with the 3-mm diamond blade. A continuous curvilinear capsulorrhexis was begun with a cystotome and completed with Utrata forceps. The lens was hydrodissected with a syringe filled with 2% Xylocaine and found to rotate freely within the capsular bag. The nucleus was removed with the phacoemulsification handpiece in a stop and chop fashion. The residual cortex was removed with the irrigation/aspiration handpiece. The capsular bag was filled with Provisc and a model SI40, 15.0 diopter, posterior chamber intraocular lens was inserted into the capsular bag without complications and was found to rotate and center well. The residual Provisc was removed with the irrigation/aspiration handpiece. The wounds were hydrated and the eye was filled to suitable intraocular pressure with balanced salt solution. The wounds were found to be free from leak. Zymar and Pred Forte were instilled postoperatively. The eye was covered with the shield.,The patient tolerated the procedure well and there were no complications. He will follow up with us in one day.ophthalmology, nuclear sclerotic cataract, intraocular lens, cataract, kelman phacoemulsification, sclerotic cataract, posterior chamber, capsular bag, eye, anesthesia, phacoemulsification