I need your help- Just boredom and a loss of will
I'm sure that my friends at school have similar problems because we talk about it a lot, but I was wondering if its an epidemic problem for other teenagers across the world, or just for my school.

I'm turning 17 in around a month and have noticed a huge, for me anyway, problem that has occurred for around 1-2 years. I'm just incredibly bored.

My other friends watch anime all day, watch Netflix, draw, read or whatever and everything just seems incredibly boring to do. I lost my 3 main friends after finishing my GCSE exams as they all parted to either jobs or other colleges, and have been trying to fit in with another group of friends, which is realistically going pretty well, but have only been friends with them for around 6 months. I ask to play video games, go to the movies or go around each other houses but they say that its boring, and frankly, i agree with them. Everything that used to give me joy now seems boring and gives me a feeling of nothingness, a feeling that can only be descirbed as nothing/boring/pointless. I really want to do things to make me happy again, but it feels like ive lost all feelings within my body, my friends have a similar feeling, it also doesnt help that most of the exiting stuff is also pretty expensive. The main problem is that most of the other friend groups at school seem to have a similar a problem as i speak of it regularly to them.

Is this a normal feeling or do i have a craving for affection from friends. I ask "do i have a craving for affection from friends" as the recent break from school, lasting for 1 week, i was INCREDIBLY bored, and by the 4th day i couldnt bear it, and just wanted to curl into a ball, lay there silently and wait until this feeling went away. I found that my eating habits went to sh!T, eating only 1 meal per day and just silently wallowing in my own sorrow for the remaining 5 days. I found that even a message from friends was enough to satisfy me for another few hours, but then these feeling would begin to come back and i would just crave for another message/interaction/notifiation from my friends.

I know these are symptoms of mental health problems, but my main quesiton is, Why do these feeling go away from simple messages/talking to my friends or even random strangers on the internet? Is it me being clingy to my friends? is this completly normal? do i have a form of a mental problem?

&#x200B;

Any advice would be greatly appreciated on this subject .

# 💜