I'm officially done with dating, and here's why
I don't intend for this to be a self-pity post after a string of shitty dating experiences, but I personally wanted to share mine and why I'm done with dating. I also don't mean for this to be a hate post toward men. I know there are good men out there, but they're hard for me to find.

I've only had one boyfriend. He was misogynistic. He repeatedly violated my physical boundaries. He liked to play the victim and shift the blame on me whenever I was hurt by him. Then I found out he cheated on me. I dumped him, of course, but my shitty relationship experience with him wasn't going to deter me from jumping back into the dating game and finding someone decent out there. I now realize that was too much for me to ask. A big lesson I learned is to not ignore red flags ever again.

The first guy I went on two dates with. He seemed normal the first time, and I really enjoyed our time spent together. He seemed so...sweet, normal. He didn't overstep any boundaries. The second date is when I started noticing something was off. He was kissing me way too much. That's not really the weird part. When I pulled away and told him that was enough, he would just lean in to kiss me again. He wanted to know my kinks and asked if I liked being choked while placing his hand over my neck and squeezing gently. He started kissing me again and asking me to tell him what I'm into, and I pulled away and said I'm not telling him, and he responded, ''No, you're telling me now.'' and he proceeded to kiss me. I honestly felt uncomfortable and I just wanted him to stop. He was also insistent on driving me to work afterwards even though I kept telling him I wanted to walk. I did speak to him about it later on over text and he was apologetic for making me feel uncomfortable.

There was another guy I was talking to for a while, we didn't meet right away but he became really needy and pushy. Then I went on a couple dates with ANOTHER guy. First two dates went pretty well, he seemed like a good guy. Very laid-back and introspective. We went on our third date last night and we were discussing our biggest fears. I told him I feared being physically harmed in some way, and he replied, ''Like how, being raped?'' and I replied yes, and he made a quip that I would probably enjoy it.

So, uh, yeah. This just about sums up my experience with dating men and I'm officially quitting. I know there are good guys out there, but I don't to have to sift through all the shitty ones just to find that one decent one. I'm focusing on myself henceforth.