She cheated on me to date a man she met at the bar
He’s just a friend”.

She’d say that on repeat like it would bring truth to the lie.

He was a regular at the pub she worked at. And it started small of course.

She’d stay out a little later with ‘him’. She’d go for drinks on a Friday with ‘him’. By the end she’d even sleep at ‘his’ house.

But always as a friend.

I am a hacking contractor, often contracted by various individuals for finding infidelity cases most times, And i have always be silently tempted to use my skills to find out if she was cheating. I have always said No.  

I pushed the issue once. Asked her if she felt it was appropriate to go home with a regular from the pub she worked at, and sleep at his house.

My question was deflected like a world-class boxer shrugging off a punch. Before a return blow was landed squarely on my concerns.

“You need to trust me” she’d say. “You don’t trust me to sleep on the couch at a friend’s house?”

So I let it go. And these small things began to grow into big things.

You can try and hold onto a relationship like that. But it’s water in your hands. Give it enough time, and you’ll be left with nothing, wondering who turned off the tap that had flooded you with happiness for years.

And so she was gone.

“I’m not leaving you to be with him” she said, the last night I saw her. “I just need to find myself in the world”.

Seemed incredible timing that they started dating a week later.

And you know what?

Despite the turmoil of seeing the ground approaching and having no way to exit the relationship gracefully...

Despite them celebrating their 6 month anniversary just 5 months after we broke up…

I get it. Because you don’t choose who you fall in love with. I could never hate someone for that. But you do choose how you handle it.

You can cheat - like she did. Or leave on your own - when you feel the waters running dry.

That’s where the most important unspoken boundaries come into play.

They’re not what you ask of someone else. But what you ask of yourself.

The greatest unspoken boundaries exists inside of you.

And it’s up to you to acknowledge them, not ignore them.

If you wake up and your attraction to your partner is gone, if you wake up and your respect for your partner is gone, if you wake up and your love for your partner is gone…

Then you need to pack your shit and go.

Once you fall out of love with someone, you leave.

Staying, and prolonging their pain by giving them hope, is a boundary you never cross.

Because when the waters of your relationship run dry, it’s not fair to make your partner think life-giving rain is on the way, when the earth is permanently scorched.

Oh and also don’t eat the last slice of pizza when I’m hungry.

That’s an unspoken boundary too.