Left work early today with every intention of hanging myself from the tree in my back yard...
And I pussied out...

I have no will or reason to live. I hate my job. I feel like I just live to work. Getting the company owner to pay his employees what he owes is a constant battle. He tries anything he can to fuck his employees out of their money. Even going so far as to threaten to take us to court for trying to challenge him, knowing that we can't afford it. I'm a sprinkler fitter apprentice and the entire company is basically run by apprentices. We have 3 journeymen out of about 20 people. One of those is a service guy, another is the superintendent. Only one journeymen actually works on jobs. It's illegal to have jobs run by apprentices, without a journeyman on site. Like two months ago the boss went off in a safety meeting about another employee being on a job by himself. Now, I'm on a job by myself with even less experience. He constantly bods jobs that we can't man so, we basically have one person per job at this point. 

I feel completely trapped. This is the only job experience I have. I've always found it extremely hard to get jobs because I have a really hard time with interviews. And it's hard to explain to people that I spent the first years of my adult life homeless and didn't get my first real job until I was 27. 

I rent a place with my dad. He got a DUI a while back and it's taking a lot of his money. I hate the place we live. I'm pretty much just confined to my room whenever I'm home. I can't get my own place because he won't be able to afford the place of I move out. Again, I feel completely trapped.

So, I went home early today. I have a rope that somebody gave me a while back that I tied into a noose. I stood at my back door for a good half hour, looking at the tree I want to hang myself from. But, I couldn't do it. Why? Because I'm too fucking scared of a couple minutes of pain leading up to my death. Or that somebody is going to see and try to talk me out of it. Or that I'll fuck it up and just end up permently disabling myself, but not dieing. Or what my dad's reaction would be when he comes home to see me hanging g over his fire pit. Even though when I first told him I wanted to kill myself, he said do it. So, I ended up laying down and fell asleep. Woke up to pouring ran and yet another reason to despise myself. I have no desire to live yet, I'm too much of a scared little bitch to go through with killing myself.

I have no real friends. I rarely get out. I'm a PC gamer. It's pretty much the only thing that distracts me from the fact that I despise being alive. So, everyone I talk to is online. Idk why I'm even posting this. I'm just gonna get the same generic bullshit replies that always come up when somebody mentions wanting to die but, here I am. I've never come this close to actually killing myself and all I can think is what a bitch I am for not being able to follow through with it.