Failed a course, PhD program is probably done.
I had a course for which I took an incomplete last semester due to family issues. I had to write a data analysis manuscript and do a presentation. A course I am in this semester uses the paper from that course usually and refines it to prepare it for publication. So basically I was working on the same manuscript for both courses at the same time. I would get feedback at each step and make revisions. 

The professor who originally gave me the incomplete has been rude and less than helpful the whole time. She hates my research area, hates that I am not a slave to research, and is overall a miserable person. She knew that if I received a C or below that I would be dismissed from the PhD program. I was given my last feedback, told to make revisions and submit the final paper. I got it back today with a D. I was also given a D on my oral presentation. The same presentation was given for my other class which I earned a 92% grade. 

I have cried several times now. Talked to my advisor who is going to meet with the professors to see what can be done. But after feeling unsure of my future as a researcher, this just really has me down. I’m good at data collection and research design. I’m great a recruitment and have a good rapport with my research population. Clinically I’m a great nurse, but I feel stifled by academic writing. I hate not being able to have original thoughts or be able to bring my clinic experience into my writing. 

Now I feel like I have wasted two years while putting myself and my family through hell. I was actually looking forward to my dissertation work because it is something I’m passionate about.

But now I’m afraid this has ruined my chances at having any future in academia or even getting into another program. Career wise I’m fine, I’m an employed nurse, I’ll always have a job. But I want to do more for my population and I can’t do that without data and credentials. 

Is there academic life after failing out of PhD program?