Job Offer Withdrawn, devastated.
I feel so lost and so down. I just need advice or someone to listen to my story.

I'm in an awful job run by a bully. I wanted to move into a new industry Digital PR which is a side step from what I currently do, Digital Marketing. Got in touch with a company who already knew me and very kindly offered me a casual interview. That went pretty well and then I completed a task they  had asked for, to which they replied very quickly saying 'i'd made it really easy for them, that was a great project and you've got the job.' I was ecstatic, I can't tell you how happy I was, I had my whole new life there set in my head.

Unfortunately, here's where I went wrong. I always thought this was a time to negotiate. I currently earn £26k, and I know if I was going on to another digital marketing job I could easily now earn £30k. However, I had expressed to them in my interview before that I understand that 30k might not be possible as I was moving into a slightly different industy without the direct experience, so I said I just didn't want to go below my current salary. 

In their offer, they offered me £26k with it going up to £27k after 6 month probation. I expressed my joy and keeness but asked if there was any way for a 27k start with it going up to 28k. Yes, I got greedy, I hate myself for it now. Also the job they had advertised for was 'digital pr exec' but when they offered me it they said 'junior digital pr exec' and I asked if we could keep it to the original title I had applied for as I didn't want it to appear like a step back in my career.

They retracted their offer. They explained why and I get it. To them they were already taking a bit of a risk on me as it was a different industry that I didn't have direct experience in and they believed they were being very generous to match my currently salary for what they consider a junior role. They said they worried I wasn't thinking of it as a long term job because of my salary expectations.

The thing is, if they had just said we can't go above our offer, I would have said no problem I'd like to take it anyway. I even replied to their rejection after telling them this, in case there was any saving it, but they still said sorry but no.

I'm devastated, I'm kicking myself and I just feel so lost now to be back to my awful job when it was right there in my hand.