As a short guy, women have destroyed all self confidence I've ever had.
I dont even know where to begin. I'm so beaten down and just sad at this point that I dont even think I'm worth it to anyone. I'm 25, 5'4 and am athletic/skinny as I mainly just rock climb for exercise. I think I look pretty good, abs and whatnot, I'm just not "big". I dont set the bar high for myself, I know I cant date women much taller then me. I have almost no expectations for women other then dont be overweight or rude to people who dont deserve it. Other than that, I have super low expectations. I've joined a few dating apps and jeez are they soul crushing. I'm up front about my height and get almost zero matches or even interests. The only women who tend to show anything are overweight women. I'm sorry that's a standard I set for myself and I make sure I'm in good shape. I'm not attracted to overweight women. Now I dont know where I sit on my looks, gay men tend to love me and that's cool and all but wrong team. I've had some extremely good looking women in my life that like to hang out with me and keep me around but never in a romantic way. Which is fine, I dont expect myself to get some of the girls I've made friends with, as they are straight up 8s or 9s. So I dont think I'm a bad looking guy then. I feel like I'm just going to end up alone because it's not fair to even be in a relationship with someone you're not physically into. I'm just so defeated. I cant be the "man" women want and I dont have much energy left to put into this. I just dont get why a lot of short women dont date around their height. I'm too short for the short girls and I'm too short for the average girls. I feel like if I say any of this out loud people will just attack me for being a woman hater. I mean women physically change their appearance to make themselves look better with makeup but I'm too short to date even though were the same height? Ugh. I'm just sad.

Edit: I understand you may be going through the same struggles but some of you have a lot of hate behind your words. I dont believe in spreading hate like that, even if I've been the one suffering in silence.

Edit 2: Alright guys, I wanna thank a lot of you for the support. My takeaways from this, there are a lot of women who care, some that dont. A lot of other angry short guys here. Most importantly, do not say any of this in my normal life, suck it up and pretend there isn't a problem and just live life. Oh and dont use dating apps.