My mom makes me feel self conscious about my appearance even though I can’t help it.
So I posted this on the normal r/advice but got no replies so maybe I’ll get some here even though my teen years are over in a few months.

How do I confront my mom who is constantly making me feel insecure about how I look?

There’s a bit of backstory to this but I guess I’ll start with what took place this morning. For context of the story I’m a nineteen year old female, my mom is fifty-two. 

I had just went through the process over the weekend of lightening my hair from a burgundy red to silvery blonde (a tough ass process). I was feeling pretty proud of myself and I really loved how I looked. I was sitting in the living room this morning, when out of the blue my mom asks if I’m going to put on makeup for work. Now, I work at a daycare, more specifically, I’m with the toddlers all day, they could care less what you look like. I essentially tell her this and she proceeds to tell me that it would look better if I did because my acne was flaring up again (it does once a month, gee I wonder why). Honestly,  I had one or two pimples on my cheeks and I wasn’t worried because I knew they would go away in a few days. 

Around this time last year, however was another story, my acne was horrible despite me washing my face constantly, using prescription grade acne meds, everything. Then it just cleared up one day to a normal amount.

Anyways, I told my mom that putting makeup on it would make it worse. This is where she fires off “I just want you to feel good about yourself” and I say that I do feel good about myself but her pointing out my flaws that I can’t help is making my feel bad. I told her her words made me feel bad and she got mad at me. Mad at me! She got up and said something like “I was just trying to help” as she was walking out of the room. 

Not gonna lie, it hurt a lot.

I understand her side that she grew up in a different time where girls my age were expected to be made up at all time. If she can get with modern technology and other modern views, I wish she could just respect my wishes sometimes. 

She’s said other things like this before. When my acne was really bad about a year ago, she told me I needed to put on makeup because it looked like I had cigarette burns on my face (it didn’t remotely look like that). 

It wasn’t until recently that she quit criticizing my body. The only positive thing she would ever say about my body was I had large boobs but then follow it up with something like “it you dropped a few pant sizes you could work at Hooters”. I feel like the only reason she stopped was because she said she felt fat in something she was wearing and before I could stop myself I said “how do you think you make me feel everyday.” Even in sixth grade, at my birthday party, she told me I needed to loose weight because all of my friends were smaller than me.

I just honestly don’t know what to at this point. I am happy with how I look and I know that’s all that matters but it is truly taking a toll on my mental health that my mom doesn’t like my appearance. 

I have tried to address situations where she has hurt my feelings before but she always plays the victim card or she does the thing where she tries to decide she didn’t hurt my feelings and it’s my fault for feeling that way. 

I just need help.