When Love is Not Love
For those of us, who as a result of childhood trauma, suffer from codependency, depression, anxiety, feelings of worthlessness or feelings of unlovableness, our view and understanding of what love is, is likely not the view or understanding of others who did not suffer childhood trauma.

An infant or child has an underdeveloped sense of self and other. Therefore, when parents divorce it is common for a child to blame themselves and internalize the marital breakup as being their fault.

Similarly, in an abusive childhood, on a visceral level, a child is taught that he is worthless, unlovable, defective, lacking on some fundamental level. An infant or child may not even consider that the parents abusive actions are not deserved. 

When such a child survives the trauma into adulthood they may learn that the way they were treated was not right, however, no amount of logical reasoning easily removes the deeply imbedded feelings of worthlessness, defectiveness, shame, guilt and unlovableness. Why? Because the child has learnt a core belief on a deep primal and emotional level. The child does not question if he is lovable, he KNOWS in his core, without thinking, that he for a fact is unlovable, worthless, defective and that he should feel intense shame and guilt for talking about it.

Is there hope? Is there a way to undo this terrible damage? It seems that it is not possible on a purely logical reasoning level. 

This has been my personal truth my whole life and I am now 44. In deep discussions with my wife I confirmed my suspicions that my view of love is not the view of love of those who have not suffered childhood trauma. For those without childhood trauma, love is not something that completes them, it adds to and enhances the complete individual that they already are.

On the other hand, for those of us who are survivors of childhood trauma, at a core level we believe we are defective, unlovable, worthless, incomplete. Our adolescence taught us that love is the thing that we need in order to fill this inconsolable pain in our heart. We fantasize about love, we fall in love with the idea of being in love, such aspirations fill us with a sense of longing and desperation to ease our internal pain. 

The only problem is, is that all too often, this does not happen. Even if we find someone who truly loves us for who we are, they never seem to be able to fill that chasm in our soul. The reason for this is because we were taught to believe, and we thoroughly believed an incredible lie our entire lives. What is that lie? The lie we were taught was that we do not deserve consistent love because we are worthless and unlovable. As a teenager we become desperate for the love, attention, validation and approval of others and we take over the role of our parents and we tell ourselves that our feeling lovable and worthy depends entirely on someone else finding us lovable and worthy. Therefore, we spend our time looking for that special person to complete our defectiveness… and of course, in our imagination we find them from time to time… but after the honeymoon period wears off and each persons individuality sets back in, we are again left with this gaping hole in our very being that our partner no longer seems to be able to fill.

These are things I have only come to grip with this week. Like everything, I expect it to take quite some time to heal and to learn new coping strategies. Now when I hear a love song I think, “hmmm… that's a good enmeshment song.” Yesterday I listened to a long list of my favorite desperate love songs from the 1980s,  songs that triggered in me that sense of desperately needing someone to fill the hole in me where love is suppose to be. With every song, while the emotional memory of defectiveness was triggered, I gently reminded myself that this emotion is a lie… so far, this has been my strategy… not to simply identify and correct internal dialogue, but to connect with the emotional triggering memory as intensely as possible while doing so… today I feel much better, and able to collect my thoughts and share them with you because sometimes our view of love is not in fact love, instead we have a foundation of self hate that we want others to fill because our parents did not.