I'm heading towards death and I'm not ready...
My oldest son was recently married.  While the planning for the wedding felt like it went on forever, the wedding itself (and the entire weekend, for that matter) was over in a flash.  He and his new bride have ventured off to their new home town to start their lives.  We couldn't be more proud of them.  

Since they have left, a depression has set in.  Not for the loss of my son, but I'm realizing that I am indeed getting old.  

I live a very structured life.  I'm very process-oriented.  Everything has a place and all action have a set of instructions and logic to follow to ensure proper completion.  For me, it's necessary because I am very forgetful and misplace things all the time.  MY life requires Six Sigma.  I find illogical actions and "drama" highly annoying. 

Through life, I've always kept a mental scorecard of the order of how things should go.  
Birth, go to school, graduate elementary, middle, and high school, job, marry, kids, kids graduate and become adults, kids move out, kids marry, grandchildren, death. 

I'm reaching the end of my "process" and it scares me. I have a lot of energy left for life.  I appreciate every single passing moment.  But every moment that disappears comes with a keen understanding that it is lost forever, never to be experienced again.  Every sunset is another day gone by never to be had again.  

*I'm heading towards death and there isn't a single damned thing I can do about it.*

On one hand, this should prompt me to *ENJOY* these moments and get everything out of them I can.  But that nagging voice constantly reminds me and drags me down.  Is this a mid-life crisis?  Is therapy in order?  What am I to do?

**tl;dr - Life events cause depression, fear of death**



(EDIT - You guys are great.  You've given me positive feedback, hope, and a host of great ideas.  Hold your chin up because you helped someone today. Thank you so very much.  I have deep gratitude and promise to return the favor to someone else in need.)