Best date ever, but disgusting ending
Me (24M, Belgian) had Tinder date a couple of days ago. We met, and instantly felt a great connection. We walked around town and sat at a pub for 8 hours straight and it literally was like the best date ever. We hit it off great, had a lot of fun (some great dark humor) and great conversation and we both felt both a physical attraction as well as a more serious connection on a more personal/emotional level. Time flew by, and it was the best date I ever had. We planned a new date a week later to the Belgian natural history museum, and were just walking home to her place at around 3 or 4 a.m., where we would watch some porn (for some reason, we wanted to discus the graphic details in some explicit Anime/Hentai movies). Anyway, as we're walking to her place, we ended up talking about the one time she had intercourse with another girl. She said it was a great experience, but a one time thing. She said she certainly was not lesbian because lesbians/gays have a disease, according to her. I was shocked. For some time I kept questioning her about this, and turns out she strongly beliefs non-heterosexuals have a genetic disease, are worth less than others and in an ideal world they should be dead. Then, she went on by trying to justify her homophobia (or convince me of it) by saying "of course I think this, I also am racist because I am smart". Isn't that a great line of reasoning (btw, she actually is smart as she is a PhD student just like me). Turns out, she felt people from other races were worth less and should have less/no human rights in order to make them become extinct in the future. She was not kidding.

Anyway, I felt sick in my stomach upon realizing she was homophobic and racist. I sat down for 2 minutes on the street as I was quite shocked, then said something to her and just walked away. Now, I feel like an idiot for really liking this girl, having like the best date ever only to realize she is so sick in the head. I mean, I really cannot stand homophobia or racism. It is the first time I had such an awesome date, also as I don't have that much dates as I am not the most social person. Now, I don't think I will date for a while as I feel the universe is playing tricks on me.