Advice for current job?
I currently work at floater administrative assistant job. I go to whichever site needs coverage in case someone their calls out or I’m just an extra. Right now I’m a full time floater so if I’m not covering for someone I’m just at a site for extra coverage just in case. My bosses know of my severe asthma that acts up with even the slightest trigger and at first understood why I would have to call out because once again I’m in urgent care due to me not being able to breathe. Lately they’ve been more off putting and were short with me when I told them hours I’m advance I couldn’t come to a site to cover two weeks ago. The site that needed coverage had 2 of us scheduled to cover for an odd reason I’m not sure of. So I thought it shouldn’t be bad that I called out since the other person is trained to work there as well. But when I told them I had to call out, my boss texted me to say it affects the site when I call out when they need coverage. The response made it seem like I’ve been calling out every time someone needs coverage which isn’t the case. I’d be feeling sick but would still work to cover for someone until I know there’s a day I can call off and be ok with Because I’m not covering for someone. He told me we need to talk about me calling out and I understand I would want to talk as well to an employee if they had been consistently calling out. I told him we could talk the day of and he never replied to me. Then days later had me scheduled to a site I told him wouldn’t work because it’s too far away and not near a metro accessible stop which I told them in advance that I can only work at locations that are near train stations/bus stops. Then I also have to take my sister to school in the morning so he knows what my mornings are like and which sites I can not attend to. I asked him can I be at another site instead and he only replied with that i could go in late to the site he wanted me at and I’ll just have reduced hours and no lunch. Then he starts nitpicking at my dress attire for work which is pretty causal. I’ve been dressing the same for this job at different sites for the past almost 2 years and not once have I gotten a complaint or anything but all of a sudden he’s complaining about my dress code which is mainly black jeans and a blouse or a nice shirt and dress pants and always nice dress shoes. He’s starting to nitpick with everything now and I don’t know if I’m looking too hard into it. I just needed advice on what to do?