Graduating soon, what can I do to prepare for future employment, and can my current job help?
Hello everyone, I’ll be graduating Spring 2020 with a Business Degree and I’m wondering what I should start doing to prepare and how much of my current job's responsibilities could be useful on a resume. 

What I mean is, could writing up product / brand descriptions online be considered writing copy, or could responding to customer complaint emails be considered customer support? Ive read that Business Degrees are pretty worthless, so any help would be greatly appreciated!

My current job:

I’m 23 (will be 24 when I graduate) and I’ve worked at a small local business that curates and sells business casual higher end clothes for 5 years now.

My official job title is “Director of Sales” and I have that title on my company business cards/emails/etc. This is obviously a rather inflated title, however I thought that with my last raise I would get a title that would look better on a job resume in the future. Last spring I was invited by the owners to attended an award ceremony with them because we were voted the best clothing store in the area (even beating places like Nordstrom!).


As for my duties consist of the following: 

-   assist with customers (all sales duties, it’s a small shop)

-   research new brands for the store to begin carrying

-   fully process new shipments (sign for, create, add photos, decide MSRP, etc.) 

-   write up descriptions for individual inventory item / website brand landing pages 

-   add new items to our online store 

-   create displays for in store advertising 

-   and social media advertising  

-   occasionally email customers and suppliers who with inquiries about products or orders

-   on my off days I will work online researching brands, or visiting other local clothing stores to check out their inventory in person- taking notes on brands that could fit well in our store.


In addition to this I also help when making larger decisions around the store as well.

I'm really looking for any tips on how to word these duties on a resume to sound better, if there's anything that you would recommend not including on a resume, or any advice on how I can combine this with a degree in order to get a career job post-graduation. Thank you.