My Tinder "Date" From Hell
Quick prequel - was dating this guy for awhile, really liked him. Long story short, he said he couldn't see himself marrying me but still wanted to date (i.e. fuck), so I broke up with him. Little bit of time went by, and I decided to get back into the dating pool via Tinder, even though I hate dating aps.

Matched with this guy "Chad," hit it off via message. Good looking, educated, sense of humor. After a couple weeks exchanged numbers and continued chatting. Discussed meeting several times but our schedules clashed.

One day Chad texts me and asks to Venmo me some money to treat myself to a couple bottles of wine. Sounds awesome, I oblige. Also asks if I'd like to come over to his house after work. Says other people will be there, no pressure if I feel uncomfortable, etc. I actually didn't feel weirded out at all by this point (and I carry), so I agree.

I bring the wine (and my CC), and head over to Chad's after work. He is there, and two of his friends. They all seem perfectly nice and normal.

First weird thing: 4 total kitchen cabinets are completed ripped apart/smashed. This is a newer kitchen, nice cabinets. I inquire about the damage and Chad says he was "mad," so he "punched them." Decide not to say anything additional about it. I grab an unopened beer for myself, then a coffee. Everything else is fine until I'm done with the coffee. One of the friends leaves, and a few minutes later it's like someone has flipped a switch on Chad. He completely loses his shit out of nowhere. Throws a metal barstool across the house, screaming like a lunatic child, chucks his phone into the kitchen wall. Remaining friend steps outside to smoke. Chad comes up to me out of nowhere and BITES my leg. I hit him in the head and he stops momentarily and then BITES me AGAIN. I hit him in the head hard as shit this time, and he stops. I ask for the bathroom, he walks over to show me and I don't know how else to explain this, but quite literally hurls himself up into the air in the hallway and lands flat on his back outside the bathroom door. Chad then gets mad that he has hurled himself onto the floor and punches a hole through the adjacent wall. I politely excuse myself to the restroom, in utter shock.

Come out of the bathroom, Chad approaches me and starts crying. Absolutely wailing. Going on about how is father is sick, this is a terrible time in his life, blah blah blah. I'm ready to get the fuck out but am concerned this guy may actually hurt himself and at the time felt some sort of responsibility to try to prevent that. I calm him down some, Chad's friend comes back in. Friend is suggesting we go fishing. Chad says he will, but would prefer to stay at the house to "get to know me better." No way in hell.

I agree to fishing so I can "follow" in my car and bail. Walk outside, Chad's friend gets in the driver's seat of Chad's car. I walk around and let the friend know I will be following in my car, he's cool with it. I get into my car (door is still open). Chad realizes I am not in his car, storms over and demands/begs I ride with them. Is completely adamant, but I stick to my guns and refuse. He says to "go the fuck home then," and slams my car door shut. He then gets in the passenger seat of his car with his friend, and they drive off.

I sit for a few minutes calming down, processing, and pulling up GPS to go home. Start driving through the neighborhood. Make it around 3 corners and stop dead. Chad is standing in the middle of the road, facing me. He runs at my car FULL SPRINT, and slams both hands on the hood as hard as he can and runs them down like some sort of horror movie scene. He then runs over to my side, tries opening my door and rear door, screaming for me to open them. I decline. He punches my window, then the rear. I slam in reverse and floor it around the corner as he chases me on foot. Slam the car back in drive, and peel out of there as fast as I can. See the friend pulling back into the neighborhood and honk but don't slow down. I heard him yell "sorry" as I drive by.

&#x200B;

The next day Chad's friend found me on fb and messaged me apologizing, saying he has never seen that behavior before. Chad also texts me and tries to apologies, saying his friend told him he "went psycho" and he doesn't remember anything. I tell him he's lucky I didn't shoot him, and to never contact me again.

I have permanent bruises from the bites.

&#x200B;

TL/DR: Tinder date destroy's his own house, bites me, chases me in my car on foot like a total maniac through his neighborhood.