My roommates tried to pull a shitty prank on me, I don't know how to deal with them now.
I left for a weekend long trip. I have two roommates, Ashley and Rachel, for our purposes. When I came back, Ashley told me that she went into my room over the weekend to use my flashlight when the power went out. Fine, whatever. When we were all talking together and recounting stories from the past weeekend, Ashley said that she had masturbated in Rachel's bed, who starts laughing hysterically. I assume there's more to the story, but instead of explaining they asked me if I would rather have someone masturbate in my bed or have sex in it. It's getting a little uncomfortable at this point for me, I play it off as jokingly as I can. Eventually Rachel says that she slept with her FWB in my bed, because it's the biggest one in our apartment, still laughing and defending that they put a blanket down. I get serious and told her that it was a serious invasion of my privacy, that it was my room and I expected them to stay out of it while I was gone. Both of them admit that it was a joke, that it didn't happen, that it was awkward now because they didn't expect me to react like I did. I didn't have much of an answer, washed my dishes and went into my own room. Rachel messaged me online to apologize and say again that it was a joke and it didn't happen.

There's a lot of things about the bad prank bothering me. I don't know if it actually happened or not because of the seriousness and the length to which they took the joke, and also because I feel ganged up on. I now feel paranoid about whether or not they were in my room, and if they are in here while I'm not. There's no way for me to lock my door without literally putting a lock on the outside. I don't want to start drama, but I'm not sure if I trust them to respect my room while I'm not home, even if it was a joke. I feel like they have broken my trust, which is upsetting because they are/were close friends. Regardless, I feel upset enough that I want an apology in person, even though I know neither of them are likely to do so and will most likely ignore the situation and play it off. I feel like if I bring it up again and say that I took it very seriously, they will accuse me of overreacting or not being able to take a joke, which would make the rest of the 2 1/2 months we're living together really awkward, but I'm upset enough that can't just let this one go.

Am I overreacting or were they really being huge dicks?