MY BATTLE WITH DEPRESSION AND ATTEMPTED SUICIDE
My name is Michael, I'm not a blogger nor am I a writer but I  wanted to share my story.
 June 2015 I suffered a stroke and before this happen I had a heart attack(congestive heart failure) in January 2009. At the time of the heart attack I was working in law enforcement which I think contributed to me having this along with poor eating habits. 
 I was in the hospital for the better part of a month and many of you know being in a hospital that long can lead you to having some pretty bizarre thoughts so I think that was the start of my first bout with depression. Never having dealt with it I didn't recognize or understand  what I was going through so I never got help with it, but I knew something wasn't right. Moving along to June 2015 as I mentioned I suffered a stroke which paralyzed me from my upper thighs down and I had no feeling at all and was wheelchair bound and most of the time bed ridden and it really took a major toll on me and my life. After being told 3 times that I'd never walk again and really not being able to do anything for myself, it put me in a very dark place and that's where I  started recognizing what I felt in 2009 but on a different level. I was hearing things, I was seeing things and having vivid dreams about death and I  was the killing myself each time. I also felt physical pain, inside I was so afraid but didn't wanna tell anyone about what I was going through so I put up a fake smile and pretended to be happy when I really was dying on the inside. What brought everything to the point where I wanted to end everything was one day I was home alone my son was at school and I was very thirsty so I rolled over to the fridge to get water but it was all the way to the back of the fridge. Keep in mind at the time I was in a very small wheelchair because I couldn't afford one for my size, and when I reached to get the jug the chair tilted forward and I almost was thrown out of it. Filled with anger and disgust feeling like I was burden to everyone I rolled the chair to my room and I was crying I couldn't see straight my head was fogged up I went to my closet and grabbed my AR15 and rolled back to the kitchen table put 2 shells in the clip, put the gun in my mouth and pulled the trigger. To my surprise the gun didn't fire so now I'm really crying and pained I pulled the trigger again and the gun didn't shot again something it's never done before. I felt so low because I  said I can't even do this right, took the gun threw it on the floor and went to get all my pills I knew that would work as I'm coming down the hallway something said look up and when I did I saw a picture of both my kids and I  screamed so loud crying thinking about what I almost did, still holding my box of pills. I almost took myself from my babies!! Not even 20 minutes after all this happened my mom walked in my house and I grabbed her crying I've never hugged and held onto my mom so hard in my life. I started telling her about what I was about to do and what I had been going through I INSTANTLY started feeling a calm come over me. For years I was embarrassed to tell anyone my story and how God spared my life that day. Depression is real and if you feel anything I describe talk to someone please and to anyone whose lost a loved one to suicide talk to someone it will save a life if people know there's someone that can help them