Let's post good news on the coronavirus here.
A place where only good news is posted, please keep this a positive thread. a place we can go for some reassurance that everything will be okay. We WILL get through this.

edit: the link for this thread will be posted in the main thread, I will keep updating so save this thread to keep checking ♥️ stay healthy and wash those hands 😊 


guys for the love of god stay away from twitter, fb and all the big news outlets I know it's hard but no good will come out of it

this is a good article 

https://medium.com/@brandonricharda/10-reasons-to-feel-optimistic-de-spite-coronavirus-10073eae0ec4

JUST POSITIVE NEWS ABOUT COVID-19

There is so much negativity in the news about COVID-19, we want to give you all the positive news that is happening with research, clinical trials, improvements in statistics and anything that we can be positive about that you may not have seen.

Check this out guys

https://www.justgivemepositivenews.com/


AMAZINGLY GOOD NEWS!!!!!!

A Chicago hospital that tested antibodies found 30 percent of those tested had antibodies.

https://chicagocitywire.com/stories/530092711-roseland-hospital-phlebotomist-30-of-those-tested-have-coronavirus-antibody

Magnifying this percentage to the entire USA population, that would mean the death rate for the virus is 0.015 percent, about on par with the seasonal flu. 
thanks 

/u/logicalcreations2406 for posting this!


some really good news regarding asymptomatic spread! 

Per Wuhan Health Commission, the 300 asymptomatic carrier identified by large scale PCR testing between 15/05/2020 and 01/06/2020 have had their saliva and throat swab sample taken, and these samples have undergone isolation and incubation experiment at Chinese Academy of Science Wuhan. All samples have failed to result in incubation of live virus.

Experts believe the negative result of incubation experiments with the saliva and throat swab sample point at either minuscule viral load, or non-viable viral fragments unable to cause infection. Furthermore, samples from toothbrush, drinking cups, masks, towels and other personal effects have been taken from the 300 asymptomatic carriers, all have tested negative. On top of this, 1174 close contacts of the 300 asymptomatic carriers identified have all tested negative on PCR tests. All of these point at the conclusion that the asymptomatic carriers discovered in Wuhan are not infectious.

http://www.xinhuanet.com/politics/2020-06/09/c_1126091646.htm