Common for Companies to Hold on Hiring This Time of Year?
I'm currently a temp at a position where my initial contract that ends at the end of the calendar year. It's a job that pays very little but gets me some income versus none, meanwhile I found a job that pays double of what I'm being paid hourly here and went through 4-weeks of consisting of numerous interviews down to the last one where HR and my hiring manager said I'm *in great standing* and they would update me after my background check passes (HR says this was the last step. I went in for many separate on-site interviews with everyone from manager, HR, team members, and even the CEO.

I received an e-mail from my hiring manager saying that everyone I interviewed with loved me and believe I will excel in this position for their company, ***however*** **due to upcoming holidays such as Thanksgiving and Christmastime  Company X is putting a hold on hiring.** They went on to say that the position will be open again in 2020 and would love to reach out to me if I'm still interested.

Is this a common practice for many companies, or is this another way to say "Sorry, we don't want you but will keep your resume on file". Additional detail from the company is that they told me employees get the entire week off at the end of December, could that be an additional factor? (Funny the HR guy joked with me saying that they are pretty in need of this position filled and if I get it I could benefit from the holiday time off soon)

Do companies usually start hiring at the start of the new calendar year, Jan 2020?

Lastly, this is something that I know you guys probably can't answer (and I e-mailed my manager to confirm an hour after getting the e-mail, no reply yet), but would they re-start the hiring process with a new batch of candidates and sprinkle me in? Or do you think they'll likely just continue where they left off? I didn't specifically ask if "I was hired but just waiting til company lets them hire again" but wondered if I need to go through another grueling month of not knowing and interviewing once again...what would it even be like to talk to the same people again??

I feel dejected to receive this e-mail even though I know I should suck it up. I've been fortunate and this was my first time having such a long interviewing process. I hope I get a clear answer.