I have the choice of these 7 majors to get a full ride for. Please help me decide because I've no idea what I want.
Hi all,

So I have the opportunity to obtain one of these seven degrees tuition free, with the only caveat being that it has to be completely online.

The majors are: Biological Sciences, Software Engineering, Information Technology, Computer Information Systems, Business - Global Leadership, Urban Planning, or Philosophy.

I've always wanted to work with animals. So naturally growing up, my first instinct was to become a wildlife biologist. I still think it would be fun, I love working outdoors and have experience sea Kayak guiding where we came in contact with seals and whales.

However I don't know if a degree in Biological Sciences is enough to stand me out against people with degrees in Wildlife Biology or Marine Biology. Never mind the fact that an online Biology degree will be boring, as there are no labs or hands on experiments to conduct.

So I thought I should do something in demand like Software Engineering. I love computers, I love video games, but I've grown up with a disposition against math. I seem to have a heavy issue with mathematics, even advanced algebra has given me trouble. It's most likely because my ability to focus is hindered by ADD and DPDR, but I believe if I really need to get through a math class, I can take some modafinil and study hard all day. Do I love the idea of working on a computer all day, No, unless I'm working for a company I find interesting such as Bethesda, Reddit, or Google. I imagine being a person who has no experience coding that just because I have a degree in Software Engineering I would be hard pressed to get a job at these companies, right? I don't know about this one.

Then it makes sense that If I can't engineer software, I could learn to work with it right? Information technology surely can produce a high paying salary, I'd imagine. Same with Computer Information Systems.

Alternatively, Business - Global Leadership sounds sort of like International Business. I'm not sure how business degrees work, if they do land you high paying jobs in companies, or what I would even do.

Urban Planning sounds cool in it's idea. As does Philosophy. But we know where that route goes.

​

If my undergrad proves fruitless then I can always master in Speech Language Pathology and earn some good money. I'd like to have an employable undergrad though. What should I do?

I feel like I have interests in so many things. With these options though, I'm not sure where they can take me.