I finally did it! Unemployed for a year and took a risk that will pay off
I've never posted here before but I want to share my story and hope it might help inspire some of you who went through similar situations or are still in the job hunt.

A little bit of background about me. I graduated in May 2018 with a Bachelors in Economics. During my undergraduate years, I didn't go out much nor did I really pursue any real opportunities. I did not hold a single job but was involved in some of the student clubs so I had that going for me. I spent a lot of my years in my room playing video games (I still do) and really avoided anything that could land me an internship because I was afraid of rejection. As a result, I didn't have a resume up until my junior year and at that point, I still was reluctant to look for things. Time went by fast and before I knew it, I was a senior with no internship experience and literally zero job experience in my life. I did have some activities though such as some of the clubs I was in but that was it. Alongside that, my GPA wasn't exactly the best, higher than a 3.0 but not by much.

After graduation, I started applying for jobs. I knew I wanted a job in the financial services or tech industry. Initially, I was a bit delusional and thought I could land a solid job but my expectations quickly faded as weeks went on without a single response back. After a month of applying endlessly, I realized that the job hunt process was tiring and brutal but I pushed on. I used LinkedIn, Indeed, and all sorts of different job boards to apply and look for jobs. I tried to get out at least 10 applications a day before I went back to playing video games and this went on until September of that year where I would get my first interview. Because I had no interview skills, I ended up not making it past the first round. Over the course of next few months, this cycle would repeat where I would send out many applications and maybe 1 would get back to me. Sometimes even after getting back to me, I would get ghosted or not do well on the interviews. This went on for sometime and I started feeling helpless as I had to start paying my loans and did not have the means to do so. The only positive side of all of this was that I was living at home and all the jobs I was applying for was in my city (NYC). Instead of applying for some retail jobs to make some money, I was determined to land something I wanted and kept sending applications out mindlessly.

By this point, roughly 7 months had passed by and I had several interviews but couldn't convert any to an offer. I did start to get pretty good at them but I still didn't know why I wasn't getting anything. I was getting desperate and embarrassed and I eventually looked into my school's one-year MBA program. I was worried because I had loans and my family was in a bad financial situation. However, my parents were very encouraging and after consulting a lot of my friends and family, I decided to pursue it. I saw it as a second chance to take all the opportunities I had missed as an undergrad but I knew I would have to really try for it.

I'm currently a few months in and I graduate from my program in May 2020. I have attended many different career events and have done a lot compared to what I had done as an undergrad. I finally have received an offer a few days ago and it feels like a huge boulder has been lifted off my shoulders. The offer exceeded my expectations and I couldn't be more happy with it.

I wanted to share this story because I know how brutal the whole job application can be. The last year had been hell for me but it did teach me a lot about the whole process. In the end, it really can be a numbers game and luck does play a factor. For those who are still out there looking, I want you to know that you're not alone. There will be always be up and downs and it takes a lot to push forward but at the end of the day, you only need to land one job. I know my story isn't unique but I know that some of you can relate and push forward. 

If there's anything you guys want to ask, feel free to shoot me a pm.