I Surrender
TL;DR I got divorced, lost my job, burned through savings, and have completely run out of hope.

Today, I finally called to get help with my bills and expenses. This is the latest stop on an 18 month slide. Go grab a snack...

18 months ago this week, my wife of 8 years, mother of my 3 sons, gave me a letter for my birthday. The letter was many pages long, detailing every way I had made her miserable since the day we met. At the end, she gave me one week to move out of our home, or she would be taking the children and leaving. Meanwhile, she sat in her office and wrote a check to completely pay off her student loan, wiping out our entire savings account.

I moved out, begging for counseling, or at least a chance to understand what she was talking about (many of her examples of my failure to do anything right did not make sense and were clearly untrue).

I took my paycheck and some money my parents had sent for my birthday, found an apartment and enough Goodwill furniture to sit, eat, and sleep.

The shock wore off, she initially set 6 months as the break, then 2 months in I stopped to pick up my kids (I was seeing them almost daily then) and said, "You're never asking me to come home, are you?" She laughed and told me how much fun she was having, she had a realtor ready to list our home for sale, and said she'd be filing for divorce. A few weeks later, she followed through.

At this point, a lot of very close friends simply abandoned me. I cut a few off, they only helped make me more angry. I didn't blame them, it was their own shock, hurt, and empathy coming out poorly, but I didn't need more anger. The majority just quit calling, and I didn't blame them either. I wasn't very pleasant to talk to. Not a lot on my mind except this out-of-nowhere disaster. The few conversations I had with friends and family boiled down to, others have survived it and I would too.

Still, all was tolerable. I was still working, still seeing the boys almost daily, and as the first year passed, it actually wasn't bad. I took my tax refund and sent myself on a 10-day vacation to Europe because I'd always wanted to go. I bought a house because she wouldn't allow the boys to stay overnight with me in my studio apartment, and now they could. Our joint custody meant they were with me half the time, and actually a little more than that due to her work schedule.

Then I lost my job. I was told my position was being eliminated and that was that. I had no desire to contest, it was a miserable job, which made me so miserable I am certain in contributed to my divorce. So, I set out for a new adventure, sending out 3 resumes per day to jobs I was well-qualified for or even positions I had held before.

I had managed to rebuild some savings after my trip and house purchase and that got me through 2 months. Then I cashed out the modest IRA I had wisely set up many years before, and it lasted about 4 months. 

Now here we are today. My mortgage payment is a week late, I have a little under half of it. My electricity is due next week, might make it, but the furnace (set at 55) keeps kicking on. I realized last week my car insurance was due 3 months ago, but I let it slide because I can't pay it and eat or put gas in it to go job-hunting.

The divorce is dragging on. I've convinced myself she is stalling until I completely self-destruct, at which point she will demand full custody and move with the children out of the country (we're in the US). 

I have applied to close to 500 positions in the last 7 months, from my old job titles to entry level. I have had several professional job-search helpers and resume assistants. I have done everything every website says, even the ones that contradict the other ones. I have been referred for jobs by contacts within the companies with openings. I have had two interviews. One required me to work every evening and weekend (which translates to no custody of my kids) for $8/hour. The other, I just found out, opted for the other candidate. In total, I've had 4 responses to applications.

I have one friend. Leaving out all the Facebook buddies, who are quick with a Like and a happy comment every once in a while, not actually friends, I have been completely abandoned. I told my mother two days ago that I was scared, she has not replied. 

How and why has everything failed so completely? Hundreds of people I know could have stepped up to do something. They could have talked to my ex, tried to make her be reasonable. They could have helped me with a job. They could have called once. How did I manage to go from solidly middle-class a year and a half ago to food stamps and the beginning of losing my home and losing electricity and the furnace it powers? 

I can't stop thinking about how completely abandoned I am, how many people failed to help when I finally gulped down the shreds of pride that were left and cried out for help. I can't really put my best effort into job searching, because no, I don't believe Mr. Job Coach and Miss Resume Helper that THIS will be the one. I can't sleep because the furnace keeps kicking on and I know it's the last few days of heat. The only thing I do know is that I'm not suicidal because there's still one little scrap holding on that maybe, maybe, there's a way. I just don't want to wait any longer. I'm so tired.

Updated: Somebody added on their prayers or something, I got a great lead today, and I got scheduled for an interview. Not out of the woods yet, and even if I'm hired this week, it will be a lousy couple of months until the paychecks flow smoothly and things ease up, but it's something. A good leap from where I was the other night. I'm trying to stay cool, I can't take another huge let-down, but even this minimal occurance seems big right now!