How do I stop trying to get personal validation from my job?
Hey friends, sorry if the title isn't totally clear. Basically I had an epiphany yesterday, after I went the extra mile and busted my butt at my job for a project that turned out to not be worth the trouble. I'm on the east coast of the US, and one of our clients is in Alaska, so a four hour time difference. They told us a file had to be finished by the end of the day, so I decided to give up my plans for Friday night and bring my work laptop home so I could hop on as soon as I got an email from the client. But by the time their office closed at 9pm my time they hadn't gotten around to doing their end of things yet, so I had just wasted my evening for nothing. 

This type of thing is a pretty rare occurrence at my job, so this event is not a huge deal per se. I'm grateful I rarely have to take work home with me after hours. However, I just felt sort of disproportionately embarrassed and foolish for putting in that  much effort and giving up my plans for what turned out to be something less important than I thought it was. After some self reflection I realized I'm trying to somehow derive love and self-worth from my job, which is basically impossible in a corporate environment. I think it was drilled into me as a kid that my education was the most important thing, above social and other commitments, and I've just carried it over into my working life without realizing it.

I'm very grateful for my friends and family that give me social and emotional satisfaction, as well as my hobbies, but I guess I have still not come to terms that my job is just a job, not my life's calling, and doesn't give me much besides money and something to leave the house for. I guess basically my question is, how do you deal with the fact that your job isn't the center of your life? How do you begin to separate how you define yourself from how you spend the majority of your waking hours? Sorry if this is a little too philosophical or over-thinking things. I just haven't gotten it into my head yet that I can't just keep working harder until I earn self-esteem.

TL;DR: Just realized I'm stupidly trying to put in enough effort for a soulless corporate to love me and validate my existence somehow. Have others dealt with this epiphany, and how did you start to derive your self-worth elsewhere?

EDIT: Wow I didn't even know that awards on a post was a thing. I'm just glad so many people found this relatable. Thanks guys!