Just your average teenager's trouble with girls
I am a male 17 years old boy with the - I feel like - average trouble with girls.

So, very basically, what's bothering me, is that I am interested in 3 different girls and am completely unsure about who to ask out, or not to ask out one at all, since I intend to finish my school in May 2015 and then move 500km away to study in my old hometown.

The first girl, I am really only interested in because she shows interest in me, and isn't ugly. Of course, her character is fine, but without her being interested in me, I wouldn't be interested in her at all. She is in my a few on my classes and a little bit older. 

To the second girl I am interested because I like her character in general, she is interested in computer science like I am and she seems to like me.

The third girl is a grade below me, and we started talking to each other on the bus drive home pretty much exactly a year ago. I enjoy her companion in general and like talking to her a lot. 

My main problem with her is that I don't understand her behaviour at all. We usually talk on the bus rides, on the way to school and when we gotta wait for the next lesson to start or stuff like this. One day, when we were walking from the school to the bus together, she pretty much randomly sped up and left me behind, she seemed pissed, even though I didnt really say anything. I still sat one row behind her, but since she didn't say bye when I got off the bus, I didn't either. From this point on, we didn't talk to each other for the next few months - I interpreted it as her being annoyed be me and I didn't want to bother her-. She still looked over to me from time to time, but recently, she just randomly started to talk to me again and I played along. Now we both got 6 weeks of vacation, and I am completely confused by her ignoring me from time to time and then being friendly to me again. (The ignoring for a while part happened at least 3 times in the last year).

So yeah, the point of this post is, for one, to get help with the third girl, because I can't figure, if she is now just trying to make it less awkward and is trying to be nice, and because I am afraid of asking out the "wrong" girl and regretting my decision. 

And honestly, I am not interested in a long distance relationship, but obviously can't expect somebody to move to an unknown city with me, so I pretty much would have to break up with the girl in question in a year, what really sucks :/ 

So, I guess I am looking for advice weither or not to ask out a girl, and just to go for one, or consider carefully.