Unemployed, have had 1 interview in the past 4 months off of ~300 applications, running out of time/money/ideas. Headhunter needed? A smarter approach? Haven't applied for a job in around 6 years.
Hey all,

A little about what me and what I'm ultimately looking for:

I have 5 years of experience in management and logistic roles, one for a car manufacturer, the other for a major cell phone provider. I was part of a major lay off in January 2019, rode out my severance for a long time, but now the funds are running dry, and I am still getting nowhere with job applications. I've had my resume critiqued online and in person, and everyone says it is great, so I'm not totally sure why I am not getting any calls for interviews.

Since my main experience is in management, both retail and logistics, I've applied to a number of positions within Amazon, FedEx, UPS, corporate retail store locations, but I feel like my resume and application is mostly just going into the "void" as I call it, where it seems like maybe there is a fair bit of luck in getting seen. The other problem is, I haven't really had to job search for a long time in my life, since I graduated college essentially, so I'm about 8 years out of it. I've updated my resume, signed up for Indeed/LinkedIn/etc, but still feeling stuck. 

The past year I've had my hopes and dreams set on opening a business (bar/tavern/brewery), but I'm realizing I just don't have enough money unfortunately, even after working with the SBA and other organizations.

So where I'm at now is a dwindling bank account, and possibly needing to liquidate my 401k ~$26,000 to keep going until I find the right work that covers my expenses, and ultimately is something that is rewarding for me, aka I don't want to just work another dead end job through my 30s.

What I'm wondering now is, should I find a headhunter that maybe has connections in companies so I get noticed more? I'm in a city with lots of young professionals, so I'm feeling maybe my resume is lost in the void as I said earlier. Or do I need to find a new approach to applying for jobs in the even more internet age? Do I need a career shift? I've always thought CS/coding jobs sound great, especially with the high pay. I've looked into coding bootcamps, but for every positive I've seen about them, I've read equally negative things or how they aren't needed.

Thank you for anyone who reads any of this! I use Reddit for almost everything in life, maybe this will help spark some ideas as well :)