I feel like I don't matter
I help support my parents. They asked me for help when my dad became disabled a few years ago. They constantly make poor financial decisions I have to make up for, leaving me to live with them because I can't afford to fix their mistakes and pay rent/utilities.

In order to afford this situation, I am a store manager at a convenience store chain, which is a salaried position. I'm currently working around 75 hours a week and making just over $30k a year. It was a fight to get that much. I was originally promised just shy of $29k/yr with a raise in 6 months to put me over $30k. I was actually given $26k and nothing in writing and consistently lied to. Because nothing was ever given to me in writing, the best they could do was a merit raise now and no raise later this year when I'm due for one. 

I work hard, enjoy the work itself, and excell at it. But now they want to take all the work I've done doubling our profit over the past 2 years and undo it. Literally. I've spent hours upon days talking to customers and discovering what they want in our store and it's worked so well our board of directors and several officers not only ask what I'm doing differently so they can attempt to duplicate it, they also shop in my store.

The past two months have been extremely rough. Long hours, lots of added stress due to remodeling and increased sales and becoming short handed because they transferred someone into my store with the hopes I'd catch them stealing and now missing product due to some computer glitch that I get blamed for. Thankfully I do my work the way I'm told and document everything so I still have my job, despite being made to look bad.

My supervisor's boss came in the other day and shit on everything I've done. He has some other corporate types coming into the store on Tuesday to change everything to be the way HE wants it, despite his way being what nearly killed the store before I took it over. We have customers who've shopped in that store for over 30 years. Doing what he wants will send them to the competition. Arguing is almost pointless, but it's doubtful they'd fire the guy who's actually making the comoany money.  And if they did I'm sure I could easily find another company that would love to have my talents.

So having worked 80 hours last week and another 80 hours this week I was supposed to take a three day weekend. I'm physically and emotionally exhausted. I can't bring myself to eat and I'm too stressed to sleep. And someone called out. They said they were sick. It happensm I get it. So I covered that shift today. Then, 15 minutes into that shift, someone else called out drunk. How do you, honestly,  when seeking a promotion, call your boss and say, "I just finished a bottle of hard liquor (it's 8am) and can't come to work tonight" and still expect to be trained for promotion? So I had to call someone else to cover that shift because I'll be damned if I can work another 19 hour day. That person was supposed to be at another location at 6am, which certainly isn't going to happen now. So I call another employee and ask if she can cover that 2 hour shift. She agreed.

At 5pm she sent a text saying her ankles hurt and she needed to rest them so she can work out on Monday. It was going to be my last day off before another 15 day run because my assistant's grandmother is dying and I'll be damned if I'm not horribky jealous that he gets to fly out to visit with her before she goes because I was too busy paying for the groceries my parents squandered their money on bullshit to buy that I couldn't afford to go visit my own grandmother 2 years ago when she was dying. I could only afford to send my mom.

I'm heartbroken. I bend over backwards for these people and I can't even get 2 hours of someone's time. I can't get a, "thank you for making us an extra $1.5 million dollars last year we didn't have in our budget to make." I can't even get a solid fucking day off.

I just want to curl up in a little ball and cry.

Tl;dr: I feel like no one gives a shit.