I was raped and I don't know to fix it.
I recently went away on a family holiday. My cousin and I decided to go out for the night just the 2 of us. Everything was going great and we had a nice catch up as I hadn't heard much from her since I've been away at Uni. She was very drunk but I'm used to dealing with that so it didn't matter. I wasn't drinking as I've been having trouble with my breathing and didn't wanna be drunk when an attack came on in case I couldn't sort myself out. Again, not a problem.

My cousin is single and so did meet a few guys throughout the night, however I have a boyfriend so when she was making out with a guy I'd usually just talk to his friend or someone nearby and met plenty of lovely guys and girls. Until 2 guys came over to talk to us. She immediately got off with one of them and I was left talking to the other. He seemed nice enough and I told him about my boyfriend, he had just gotten out of a relationship, told him about my new flat, he had just started renovating his own, told him about my pets etc etc. 

Then my cousin decided she wanted to move on, but they followed us to the club and the guy my cousin was with insisted on buying her drink - he then asked me what I would like. I've always been very cautious about people buying my drinks but since I was only drinking water - what could go wrong? When I saw that vodka and redbull was being poured for me as well I turned to point it out to my cousin and she just shrugged it off and said it was probably easier to order the same for everyone. I agreed and thought one drink isn't going to mean I won't be able to pull myself together if my breathing fucks up. 

From then it's a blur. I remember a brief moment of waking up and I was in a hotel room and this man was on top of me. It was the most horrible feeling. Like my brain was working but my body wasn't. I couldn't feel anything happening to me but I just know something did. I attempted to move to push him off but I couldn't control myself and my arms flopped to my side and I was out again. I was woken up by my cousin around 9am, still feeling rough. I didn't know where I was. There was a man sleeping in the corner and the main door was open for some reason. We some how managed to run and I don't remember how we got to the cab but my cousin told me we went to reception to ask for one. It was all still a bit hazy and so we didn't think to look at the hotel and the room number. 

Eventually we pulled up at the villa. We both felt sick, numb, ashamed and just decided we didn't want to tell anyone. Everyone assumed we just had a crazy night out and we left it at that. The last 3 days of the holiday it wasn't spoken about at all.

As soon as I got back home I broke down to my boyfriend and told him happened. He's still the only one I've told. But I feel like a horrible person. I've only ever been with 2 people both of whom I was in a long term relationship with - 1 being my current boyfriend. And I was always proud of that, but now I've had it forced upon me and that's ruined it. I feel angry and dirty. I feel numb, embarrassed, just so horrible that I accepted that one drink despite it not being what i asked for, and now my boyfriend isn't the only one I've been with in this relationship. 

I haven't left the house yet and my boyfriend works full time so I've been alone a fair bit. I keep just breaking down wherever I am in the flat and drop to the floor crying, until I remember I'm not that weak anymore and manage to pick myself up. But this is just a cycle and it's not fixing anything. I don't know what to do. For myself or my boyfriend. He needs help as much as I do and whilst i have him to comfort me and tell me it will all be okay, that doesn't work for him and I don't know what to do.

This is the first time I've told every little detail I remember and how I felt and I just think I needed to get it off my chest. Hopefully it will help in some small way.