I am realizing I have an anxious attachment style and I am making a total ass of myself in every type of relationship in my life.
Not sure if this is the right place to post this, but I looked through the history of this thread on the subject of anxious attachment style, and I really wanted to vent. 

Ever since I was younger, like dating in high school, I realized I romanticized things and attached easy. It caused a lot of toxic relationships. 

When I finally made it on my own in the world and moved away from home, I realized that many factors in my life, including abuse from my mother when I was a child (she is NPD and BPD), have caused me to develop an anxious attachment style — in every type of relationship in my life, including friendships, family and casual things. 

When I first meet someone, I’m chill. They tell me how respectful, genuine and relaxed I am, and they like me because I respect their boundaries... until I don’t and sabotage. 

Most of the time, I push away and ghost, but other times, I become this ridiculous person, insecure and emotional, over the tiniest emotional spark. If I have a NSA hook up with someone, I’m someone else, this calm, collected, cool, mysterious, fascinating person. But then the moment we find we have a lot in common or we vibe well, I start to feel vulnerable and it makes me act like a lunatic. 

It’s really embarrassing and it’s not me. Over years of therapy and medication, thankfully I’ve overcome a lot of self esteem issues, depression and PTSD, but I’ve noticed there are some remnants of anxiety and insecurities I am having trouble overcoming. 

All of my past boyfriends have cheated on me or abused me, and I feel this has torn me apart emotionally. I don’t want to be insecure. 

I mean, my life is insane. I work, I have several hobbies, I have things keeping me busy, and yet I fall into this awful behavior that makes me look bored, desperate and needy. 

I need to kick this crap to the curb, because I’ve met some really awesome people lately, but I can’t seem to “go with the flow” or “take it slow,” and I give off this vibe in the beginning that I’m pretty cool with all of that, and then turn into this over dramatic person. Texting too much, calling too much, overthinking every interaction. Wondering if they even like me. 

It’s so unattractive and embarrassing. 

I have to talk myself through everything, telling myself to chill, that they’re human and this isn’t even a thing yet, and I’m going to ruin it if I don’t shut up and go with the flow like I should. 

I hate to be a walking red flag. I hate knowing at any moment I’ll sabotage something good (before it even begins at times) because of this. 

Can someone help me understand this? I have been in therapy for four years and on medication for two. I guess I just have to keep working at it....