I just want to sleep and never wake up again, anyone else feel the same?
I'm  24 years old. On the outside I lead a perfectly normal life. I have a  decent salary, friends I speak to regularly, I get along with everybody  at work. I do have goals, ambitions and hobbies.

If  you ever met me, you would not have the slightest clue that I've been  diagnosed as Clinically Depressed. I've had multiple suicide attempts,  one which was truly close where if I didn't have the appropriate medical  attention in a given time-frame I would not be here. I've been with  Psychiatric Teams, and a few Therapists. It's all a temporary measure in  the end.

I am a 'High Performer' in my  workplace, and I have many who rely on me for support. I always smile,  and I try my best to make others happy whenever I can. But at the end of  every day, I feel empty. Most times I have suicidal thoughts. There are  people I am able to speak to and 'open up' about how I feel, however  you can only share how you truly feel one so many times before it  becomes a burden upon them.

In more  recent times, my negative thoughts are becoming more prominent. I have a  strong feeling I may be edging towards attempting suicide once again.  I've taken a few days off work hoping it may help, however I believe  with the absence of working it allows my head to fester these urges and  suicidal thoughts more rapidly.

There is a  brief moment of what I can only describe as insanity that grips me, and  it is at that moment where my life hangs in the balance. Whether it's  my belt around my neck, a blade against my wrist, or pills in my palm. I  have managed to so far overcome each mental battle in those moments in  these past few weeks, however it is likely I may soon lose.

I  am not here for advice or sympathy, the purpose for this post is to  just say Depression does not discriminate. You do not have to have been  through a traumatic event, or to have certain physical attributes you  hate, feeling alone etc. to be depressed. Sometimes you just are, and it  could be for no particular reason at all. We are all human in the end,  and we're all on the same spectrum. Best wishes to you all.