Probably the number one situation that people ask me about (as a dating coach).
This has come up so often, and I see it come up here so often, that I felt it would be prudent to discuss it quick.

The number one thing people seem to ask about is what it means when someone doesn't reach out often, only replies when replied to, makes excuses such as being busy, or if they should reach out if the person isn't being very attentive, or has ghosted in some way (or all the way).

Let me make this very clear to all of you: This means they're not interested.

This is literally rule number one in dating: If a person is into you, they will reach out. No matter how busy they are, they will find the time. They will wake up saying good morning to you, and they will go to sleep saying goodnight. The more into you they are, the more they will shower you in attention. Even people who don't normally do that still will for the right person. It's undeniable, and anyone who claims they have never done that to anyone before--well, you've never met someone you've been super into then.

I've seen the same people have huge interest who reach out a ton, who suddenly lose interest and hardly reach out at all. The correlation is almost perfect, and it's basically a 100% thing. I've yet to meet an outlier on this one. I've HEARD people claim to be, then noted them acting this out to the letter. I've concluded this is just human nature, straight up simple end of story.

Everyone does this. I have seen people who never do this suddenly do this, exclaiming that they had never felt that way about someone before. When someone blows you away, you will behave like this. I don't care if you're 16 or 46--you'll do it.

When someone begins to fade, the easiest experiment you can do to find out if they're still interested in stop reaching out. If you feel like you're doing all of the initiating of contact/dates, then stop reaching out entirely. If by 2-3 days you haven't heard from them at all, remove them from the dating app you're likely on, and remove their number from your phone, because they're slow fading and you're about to have your time wasted.

Move on. Talk to 5 people at the same time--or 10 if you have to. Set up a date with someone different every day of the week if you can get away with it. This stuff is almost completely a numbers game. Eventually you just meet people who are more into you.