Thoughts from a prestige-obsessed freshman, and what made me realize none of this matters
Hey everyone, random throwaway here. As a current freshman, A2C helped me a lot last year, especially the posts from then-freshmen sharing their stories, so I figured I would return the favor and share my side of the college proces. I feel like a lot of you guys on this sub have the same prestige-focused mindset I had last year, and I want to let you guys in on a different perspective.


I'm just going to preface this word-vomit with my stats:

1520, 3.8 at a (tier 2) NE prep school, 4.0 first semester in college 


My ECs:

Math Team Captain, MUN head delegate with state awards, and president of a microfinancing club. The only part of my application that actually mattered was the fact that I'm a dual citizen (US and a country in the middle east), I lived abroad for a couple of years, and I'm trilingual (with multiple national awards for one of my languages) 


My story: 

For as long as I can remember, my (first-gen) dad always pushed me to do more. It was a problem in elementary and middle school, but in high school, things really went to shit when his obsession with prestige bubbled up. Every August, like clockwork, he would make me apply to boarding school after boarding school. I spent three god damn years of my life on Exeter and Choate's waitlists (all of 9th, 10th, and 11th grade), and my dad still pushed me to apply as a potential PG last year. His obsession with the prestige of top boarding schools bled over to me, and the prestige (and the validation) became something I obsessed over.


Well, college apps were more of the same thing. He expected me to apply to Ivy's and top LACs, and would shit-talk my top choice because it was a small/niche program at an Ivy, and not a big name program that people would recognize (think Yale-NUS type of program). 


Anyway, come Ivy Day, I didn't get in anywhere and I was devastated. I got into a few decent LACs, but after getting rejected from my top choice, I seriously considered taking a gap year. 


After a while, I realized how big a mistake that would be, and decided on one of my match schools in DC (GW, Go Colonials!). I'm not going to bullshit you guys and say that it's been all sunshine and rainbows, and I have thought about transferring, but in a lot of ways, coming to DC has been the best decision of my life. 

A lot of the people I've met in college are just as fake as people I knew in high school, but the nice thing about college is that literally no body cares. Once you're in the door, whether it's at Harvard or anywhere else, everyone is so focused on their own pursuits that there's no time for the petty bullshit I dealt with last year. 


For me, what really cracked the rose colored glasses of prestige was realizing the opportunities mid tier schools can offer their top students. My best friend, who's now at Brown, had the highest GPA in the history of my school. Now, he's around the middle of the pack. I, on the other hand, was barely in the top 20%, but at GW I made Dean's list and get access to tons of special crap. 


Because of my academic standing (which I wouldn't have at an Ivy), I get priority registration for tons of events (I got to see Nikki Haley, Ronan Farrow, and a few other really cool speakers last semester), and first dibs at internships and networking opportunities. Right now, I'm writing this post on my lunch break in one of the Congressional cafeterias, because I was able to snag a last-minute internship on the Hill 3 days/week. This is not the kind of thing I ever imagined would be possible this time last year, to me, getting rejected from Ivy's meant that I was doomed to a life of mediocrity, which I've realized is so absurd and overblown. 


TLDR: Think you'll get rejected from an Ivy? Who cares, you'll just end up being a top student and kicking ass somewhere else