Am I ever gonna be a normal happy teenager?
I posted here a few days ago and since then things have gotten worse. 

My thoughts have lead me to wanting weed and to run away over the past few days. Nothing unordinary has happened so I don’t understand what is wrong with me. 

My mood just switches so quickly, for example: earlier today my mum and I were watching tv and I lashed out because she started talking over the program. I wasnt even that invested in the program so I don’t understand why?

This night too (it’s currently 5:15am as im writing this) my mentality hasnt been the greatest. I’ve had thoughts about becoming annorexic or bullimic and each thought that has consumed me tonight has lead me to suicide. 

You’d think I’d be happy that I have group therapy sessions to go to over easter, or that I have a 1-2-1 therapy session coming up (Im on a 6 month waiting list for that). You’d think I’d be happy that I’ve come in contact with an old friend. You’d think i’d be happy that I have everything I’ve always wanted such as a puppy, a cat, a computer, a big room. But none of this stuff makes me happy at all and I don’t understand why. Why don’t I feel happy or privileged that these things are happening in my life? I really don’t understand. 

The only reason I think I’m unhappy is because of me, I’m me. Im fat, vile, disgusting. Im horrible to everyone, rude to everyone I meet. I dont listen to people, I dont listen to instructions. I zone out and get clouded with my thoughts then when I zone back in I feel terrible for missing what people say and I zone out again and tell myself “Im so stupid” or “Just f**king listen to them”. But I cant zone back in and its often too late when I do. Its the same with people giving advice. I can’t take it. I try to, I try so hard to but instead go back to old habbits that I cant seem to change. 

I’ve tried getting help from an online friend but he doesn’t seem to understand anymore, not like he used to. He helped me with issues with my ex, he calmed me down when my ex spoke about killing himself, he calmed me down when I thought this other girl was trying to get with my ex and he liked her too. But I lost everything with him because my anxiety spiraled out of control. No one knew how much I cried the five months I was so scared of losing my ex. I cried atleast twice a week. Two of the months I cried so much over him but he never cared. He’d just disappear and make me wonder again. He’d make me think he’d killed himself, or that he hated me. 

When we ended things, he proved how much he hated me. I was high when we officially brokeup but he’d hinted that he wanted that for weeks and I didn’t notice until I was stoned out of my mind and happy for the first time in so long. And its weird because I stayed happy for a few days after. The day we ended things he said he’d “found someone else” and said “she helped him when he was going through things”. And now I look back at that, I wish I was that person, I wish he loved me back and trusted me too. 

The past month I’ve been feeling what I didn’t when we brokeup. I’ve wanted to message him, show him how much I loved him. But was it really love? He didn’t love me back? So was it just an attachment? 

I get attached easily, I trust easily too. Thats something else thats wrong with me. I should know I can’t trust people when they’ve already given me a reason not to, but I just dive into the deepend and trust them all over again, I dont just dip my toe in to see if I can, I keep diving in and drowning all over again. Sometimes its the same people, sometimes its new people. But I let go of the anxiety for a moment then realise I’ve done this wrong again and it’s going to go terrible. 

Thats something I think about alot. I think about this when it starts to get dark, I think about how I cant get myself into college, I think about how much I weigh, I think about how ugly I look, I think about the scars on my arms, my stomach and legs. I think about everything. And then I can’t sleep at night. I can’t sleep until I pass out. 

Its a loop that is like a neverending tournado that I cant escape and Im stuck in going around and around. I cant sleep, so I can’t get myself to college. I cant get to college, so I cant see friends and people that make me happy. I cant see these people, so I get sad and selfharm. I selfharm and start eating to try and feel bettwr. Then I cant sleep because I ate at the wrong time. 

And I don’t know when its going to end. Maybe it’ll end when my sleep schedule becomes normal again? Maybe it’ll end when I learn to grow up? Maybe it’ll end when Im dead? 

To growup I need to be happy though right? To be dead i’d have to not be scared of killing myself? To fix my schedule.. I dont know. Im lost.