I found out my ex has the exact same anniversary with his new SO as I have with mine (a year later). Can't figure out why it's bothering me so much.
My ex and I broke up about a year and 3 months ago. We were together for several years, moved to the other side of the world together, and went through a lot together. It wasn't a nasty breakup - we didn't do anything horrible to each other. It was just very very sad and the whole experience had a big impact for both of us. Neither of us cheated or anything - we just slowly realized we weren't right for each other.

We've moved on. After taking several months without contacting each other, both getting into new relationships, and getting on with our lives, we met for lunch a couple times, saw one another at mutual friend's parties, and became facebook friends again... and it was OK. We don't talk much these days and I honestly think I am over him. I objectively see that he's not a bad person, he was just bad for me. I'm really happy in my life and a few months after our breakup I really never thought about him that much anymore and had moved on.

Anyway, out of the blue I saw a post on facebook about his 1 year anniversary with his new girlfriend. Turns out it's the *exact same day* as my anniversary with my new boyfriend - we were both celebrating our one year anniversaries in our new relationships at the same time without even knowing it. 

It freaked me out! I knew about them dating (and I'm fine with it). So why did it throw me off so much that it's the same day??? I just keep thinking about the day I got together with my boyfriend (who I am very happy with) and feel shocked to realize he was across town that very same night getting together with his current girlfriend. So weird!!

I think what's getting to me is somehow I feel like even though we split up, somehow we must have still been in sync to move on to new relationships at exactly the same time, and into serious relationships we are still in a year later. I am bothered by the idea that there's this person out there who I know extremely well, went through so much with, shared so much with, and had this very deep connection to (our relationship was really intense) - but now we have almost nothing to do with each other. There's something existentially disquieting about the feeling that gives me.  

Once you've been through an intense serious relationship with someone, do you ever really get over it? He wasn't my first love but he was my first "grownup" relationship and I guess I'm struggling to reconcile the role he played in my life (major) with who he is to me now in reality (minor).