Am I Allowed to Buy a Nintendo Switch?
So I’m anticipating a lot of graduation and Christmas money this year since it’s all I asked for.  From parents, relatives, etc.  My parents said I can’t have a nintendo switch several months ago before I turned 18.  I offered to pay for every cent.  I know it’s messed up and I’m honestly out of energy to tell you why my parents are the way they are, maybe I’ll feel like it later if someone asks, but just accept that my parents are crazy and I’m trying to keep the peace.

They got me a Nintendo switch for Christmas last year but I left it on a plane on the way to japan, and since then they’ve changed their minds on video games.  I had a PS4 that they hated me having since I had a FPS (Overwatch, lol) but eventually I caved with stress and pressure and sold it to make them happy even though I loved overwatch and didn’t spend too much time on it. I wanted to use the money to get a switch since the games are more family friendly and we can all enjoy it together, but no. 

So anyway, If I get enough money for Christmas/graduation, can I buy my own Nintendo switch at 18?  Are they allowed to tell me what to do with my money, can they take it away before college or should I get it, keep it at a friend’s house, and pick it up on my way to college?  The trouble is, no matter what I do they’ll have to know I got one, and again, trying to keep the peace.  They WILL ground me, take my phone, keep me from friends, keep me from my car, and even keep me from college, but idk if they’re that serious since they didn’t give a hard “no” earlier today when I asked if I could buy one. how can I persuade them to let me buy. A family friendly game. WITH MY OWN MONEY. AS AN ADULT. 

But if I get it w/o them knowing, can’t just have the money disappear and when my Mom tells me I should get more clothes for college have to come up for a reason why I can’t.  It’s literally the only thing I want, I’m desperate and don’t wanna wait till I get a job in college next year or next summer.  But if I can’t find a solution, I guess I wait?

TL;DR:  Parents won’t let me buy a Nintendo Switch at 18 with my own money and it’s literally all I want. How to convince them?