My high school class is boycotting online classes. This is wrong.
Yesterday, my HS principal sent a blast email saying that the Class of 2020's prom was cancelled, the senior awards would be presented online, the summa cum laude recognition would also be held online, and the final sting: in-person graduation was cancelled. 

This morning, in our senior class Facebook group, several of my peers decided they would organize a "senior skip day" for online school to express their disappointment in our administration. Just a few hours ago, another student shared a long, heart-wrenching email that she sent to our district superintendent, which went into detail about her mom who has cancer and won't make it to her college graduation, wedding, etc. The student's high school graduation, which the mom would've been able to attend, was gone. She has poured kerosene to the flames.

I'm mad our graduation is gone, too. I immigrated to the States with my family when I was 8 years old, and for the past three years, I've been telling my single mom that I'd work to deliver a speech in my high school graduation to tell everyone in the stadium about the sacrifices she's made and express just how thankful I am for her. A normal thank you wouldn't convey my gratitude; a thank you in front of thousands of people, however, could. I also wanted to celebrate how much I've grown as an individual, and thank my friends who were there for me when I ran away from home, encountered a period of depression, etc. Only a proper thank you in front of thousands could express my gratitude.

No matter how disappointed I am at the news of my graduation's cancellation, I do not doubt for a second the decision that my district administration made. What if just one person--out of the thousands that would attend the gathering--brought the coronavirus? Dozens--if not more--would catch it. What if the girl, whose mom has cancer, acquires the virus and brings it home with her? What will happen to her mother with breast cancer? To the girl: I understand your heartbreak, but what would your mom do? I hope she would choose to protect the lives of hundreds, including hers, at the sacrifice of an monumental experience--a choice that I consider heroic and wise.

All it takes is one--one out of thousands--to put the lives of dozens in danger. What if all--no, just a few hundred--of the high schools across the US hosted graduations? The physical, economic damage will be unimaginable. We seniors might not even have the fall semester of college. Do we need the spring semester off as well?

Now, I stay home to protect my 50-year-old mom. This is how I express my gratitude for her. I haven't seen a single person outside my family for the past few weeks in order to protect my family. Most of the students here have parents who are aged 50 or older, and let's protect them by staying home. 

Rant over.