I been working at a fast food restaurant for 7 months and we recently got a new manager and I feel like my job is in jeopardy, what should I do?
I been working at a fast food restaurant for 7 months or so and my previous general manager resigned and she was my favorite manager I ever had, she offered my an assistant manager position after only working there for a couple months. I declined because I didn’t want the responsibility. 

I always felt that my job was secured because of her, we had such a great relationship, when she resigned we got a new manager and after he started working there 2 of my coworkers quit and 2 assistant managers left.

He is a cool person when everything is going fine but he can flip his attitude quick. He takes things very personal instead of keeping things professional. I honestly feel like he has a personal bias. Since I got hired I been doing delivery every Monday and Thursday, but he removed me from that position because I don’t know why because I am a very good organizer but I felt I was a little too slow for him, he would always come in the freezer and tell me “are you almost?” Or “hurry up so I can send you on your break”

It’s not my fault because I’m literally doing a 2 person job, when my previous manager was there she would have me and a coworker do the delivery at the same time because it’s usually a very big delivery. I honestly felt overwhelmed/overworked but I didn’t mind it because I need the job/hours

A couple weeks ago he hired 2 employees and gave the new guy the delivery position, and my old schedule.

So now I close from 5-10:30pm almost everyday of the week which I can’t complain because I need the hours.

Today he hired 2 more employees and I feel like whats the point if we already have enough employees?

I honestly feel my job is at risk, I am a very good worker and honestly try to do my job as best as I can. I been wanting to have a talk with him because I don’t feel secure anymore, the only thing that makes me feel better is applying for a new job. 

What should I do?

And if I do get fired, how do I apply for unemployment? And how does employment effect my future?