My mom makes me feel worse and I hate how shitty of a person she is
It took me years of being severely depressed until she finally acknowledged it. Her initial reactions were "you have no reason to be depressed" and started making it about herself. Of course she immediately defends herself and says she has nothing to do with the way I'm feeling and how great of a mother she has always been and how she doesn't understand why I'd say I'm depressed.

Meanwhile my home life here with her is 80% of the cause of my depression. She used to be an awful alcoholic and smoker. She would get drunk every other night and sometimes I'd find her on the floor mumbling to herself completely out of her mind. You shouldn't have to go through that shit as a child. She threw me across the room one night just because I stepped in her way. 

She was never there for me, never understood the shit I was going through at home and at school, always made my issues about herself. Only just recently has she been paying the copay for my therapy as I can't afford it right now as freshman in college. 

It initially helped me cope with my shit, as I used to go once a week but I've been forced to go once every three weeks. Now I can't go at all because she's cancelling the card linked to the therapy because she doesn't feel like helping me anymore. I'm on the wrong medication for my depression and I need a psychiatrist, as my depression has only gotten worse in the past month or two of being on it and now I don't know what to do.

If I can't afford to go to therapy anymore and never be able to get that psychiatrist, my mental health will only severely decline from here and there's no telling what I might do to alleviate this pain. NONE of my family members are supportive. My dad doesn't give a shit, and neither does my sister. No one has any idea how serious this shit is except for my boyfriend, who is the only supportive and understanding person in my life. I hate my family so much, they don't give a shit about my mental health and never will. I bet if I killed myself they'd say something like "I only wish I could've been there for her more" at my funeral and make it all about them.