I feel like I'm being "edged out" of my job by a new employee. Toxicity everywhere. Should I look for new employment?
So long story short, I work at an IT company in the customer service/dispatch department. I had an extremely grueling job in fast food before this one so literally anything would have been better. However, when I first started the glaring problems with the company started to shine through. Mainly the lackluster training to begin with.

The manager at the time was never present, leaving me to deal with a highly abusive senior employee (I'll call her A). She talks smack about everyone through chat and email, reports everything everyone is doing wrong to our bosses, withholds information, the whole bit. She is the literal worst. The definition of a narcissistic psychopath who gets off on hurting others reputation.

Eventually the original boss left and for whatever reason was replaced with someone who has literally no clue about our policies or what we do in our department. He is also never present and micromanages us through email and announces our mistakes in front of everyone. He blatantly ignored my email expressing concern that A was committing slander against me.

I used to have a workload that kept me busy throughout the day, but then the new manager's close friend got hired and started taking over about 80% of my original workload. She also gets away with everything because she is the boss's friend. Never ever gets called out on mistakes. I was then given the important responsibility of managing relationships with one of our most valuable clients. During my 3 month review, I was told I was doing great, and I should have more confidence in myself. (self esteem issues abound due to the negative reinforcement from A)

Then, out of nowhere, said important responsibility was snatched out from under me and given to the previous employee who managed it, due to "The importance of needing someone more knowledgeable." My manager stressed that it was nothing against me or my work ethic. I had a hard time believing that. I cried pretty much the entire day. How was I supposed to be knowledgeable about this responsibility if I was barely trained on how to carry it out?

The manager said I had more important responsibilities coming my way and he would be glad to go over them with me, I told him sure, but I never heard from him nor have I received any additional work (besides closing work orders, which is incredibly simple)..

Long story short I am working at about 20% of my original workload. I feel undervalued and unappreciated. I fear of having my hours cut due to this, And I have expensive rent and a car payment. I need advice on what to do. Thanks.