Someone saved my life today
I know this is a bit different from what people typically post on this thread but I don’t know who to tell. I don’t want to tell anyone that I was minutes away from killing myself. But that’s exactly what just happened. 

I’m up at college right now, it’s my third semester. Things haven’t been easy for me. I’ve been diagnosed with manic depression and seasonal affected disorder. All my roommates have gone home for the holidays, they finished their finals yesterday and I still had one more to do today. 

I’ve also been struggling with a lot of financial and family issues. I recently changed my major to geology from accounting. My mom is an accountant and so is everyone else on her side of the family (4 out of the 7 kids in her family are accountants). My dad is an economics major. They don’t see any value in geology at all and so we’ve been arguing quite often about my future and my goals for life. This, however, isn’t the first time my family has feuded with me. I’m sort of the black sheep of the family. Anyway they just pulled out financial support for my schooling, they refuse to give me their SSN for my Federal student aid application, and since they pay for my health insurance and phone bill I’m declared a dependent and my university can’t override my FAFSA application. I tried to get a loan with my bank where I have my own independent account, but they said a co-signer is required for my loan. My parents refuse to sign it. I reached my breaking point earlier after an argument with my brother where he said his problems easily outweighed mine and I shouldn’t worry about going home (my brother and I go to the same university). 
I wrote my suicide note and I was holding a bottle of my prescription depression medication (Paxil). Everything felt entirely perfect. I was alone in my apartment, done with schooling, all of my friends had gone home, it felt right. But right as I went to get a glass of water, someone from my apartment complex knocked on my door. 

I answer the door (my Paxil bottle in my hand still) and there’s a girl I’ve seen once or twice around. She says “hey (my name), all my roommates are gone and I was wondering if you just wanted to watch a movie. I’m an extrovert so I just feel weird doing stuff alone.” 
I don’t think she knew what was happening, but in that moment it felt like it was some sort of sign from God. Like maybe God or the universe or whatever is out there does want me alive, even though everything seems awful right now. After she left I sobbed and it felt like everything just changed— like a light switch went off. 

When I go home I’m going to check into a psych ward and get the help I’ve been procrastinating on getting. I’m going to start eating more again and try to recover from my eating disorder, and remember what happened tonight. 

The timing of everything that happened tonight wasn’t a coincidence at all.