My husband has recently been diagnosed with an undiagnosable memory issue. He's 24.
The doctor has given him 6-10 years before he can no longer remember the day before. 

I will answer questions about his condition as best as I can, but my anxiety is centralized around that... horrific timeline. 

I'm in therapy (have been since before his diagnosis for unrelated stuff) and am now talking about this. It's not enough though. We can really only afford her every two weeks and once I started talking about this the floodgates opened. I sat on it for a month or so before I brought it up. She's trying to help me find other cheaper therapy but it... well. You get what you pay for. She's helped me find some caregiver support groups in my area, and I haven't gone yet. Those people are all going to be children of people with dementia, which is just a whole different ball game than a spouse. 

I talk with him about what this means for him and us and our future a lot, but I don't talk about what this means specifically for *me* because I can't and won't burden him with my pain while he's dealing with his. However that leaves me with no one to talk to about this. We haven't told his family or mine yet. I'm not sure we plan to until they start noticing things. He's been exhibiting symptoms for a few years now and our families have been less than supportive. Due to his memory issues, he has quite the reputation as a liar and his mother has disbelieved a few of his symptoms in the past, as has my family. 

I don't really know where I'm going with this. I know I'm grieving. I have no one to speak to. I don't know where I'm going with my life anymore. We had plans. A future. A house, careers, perhaps children, traveling. He was going to be a doctor. Now he's doctor is telling him he couldn't possibly treat patients of his own, to choose another career. Children are also a bad idea. There's a 14-38% chance any child he would have would share his disease. I also have a form of arthritis which is genetic, so kids are way out of the picture. Which isn't a huge heartbreak, but it's difficult to have decisions taken from you, rather than having a choice. We'd thought about adopting but that's out of the picture now that we only have a few short years left.

It would be easier if it was cancer, because then at least he would die, or not die. As it is, I have to watch the man I love slowly slip away into a shadow of what he used to be and I'll be responsible for his care *for the rest of my natural life.* That's huge. I could choose to do it myself, but I would be giving up... everything. I could hire care for him, but... I'm in the care industry and... I know the risks you take with that kind of stuff. I really couldn't afford anything. I have a dead end job with incredibly minimal raises and it's in the care business! I'm going to burn out so fucking fast. 

We're looking at getting a second opinion, but all this nuerological stuff is so expensive, even with great insurance. Not to mention that my arthritis diagnosis is also incredibly new and I haven't even actually started treatment. Who knows how much those appointments and medications are going to be. 

I don't really know what I'm looking for here. I feel like I've lost my mind. This stuff doesn't just happen to people. This is stuff that you see on a soap opera, or a chick flick. My husband's symptoms fit no pattern. He technically has no diagnosis. I'm lost. 

tl;dr My husband is too young to have early onset dementia and whole life plan has just fallen to pieces.