Unpopular Opinion- Being rejected by your dream school is probably a good thing
Obligatory throwaway account notification\*\*

So title sounds crazy, and I'm sure there are many exceptions to what I'm about to share, but maybe, just maybe, there is a bit of truth in my story. **I know my story doesn't always apply to other cases**, but I will share anyways. 

I'm a current senior attending a prestigious t10 university. It doesn't matter which one really, and I won't specify for privacy, but most of them are about the same level of rigor. I was one of those kids that was *Ivy League Bound* in high school. 4.0 GPA, 1500+ SAT, a buffet of AP classes. I  was the president of 3 clubs, varsity sports, concertmaster of orchestra, won writing awards and science scholarships and all that jazz that you see circulating around A2C. 

My teachers told me I was brilliant. And I believed them. 

But I had a secret. After coming home from all my  club meetings and track practices and violin lessons, I sat down and studied for hours upon hours upon hours. I stayed up until 2 am most nights and got up at 6 to start the whole shebang again. 

Although I was jacked up on AP classes, things didn't come that easily to me, especially math and science. Which was a problem, because I was a prospective premed engineering major. I would study twice as hard as everyone else to get the exact same grade, and I know that it's impossible to know for sure how much other people studied, but from anonymous surveys and several different testimonials, I was studying a lot harder than other people and it was not paying off. But I fought tooth and nail and finally got an A (along with 90% of the class lol).

I wasn't happy with my life and many of my activities I didn't enjoy, but I kept on pushing because I wanted to get into my Dream School ^(tm). Sometimes I lost sight of my dream. I started saving up my antidepressants in my sock drawer just in case I felt the sudden urge to end it all. But I thought that "if I can just make it through high school it will all be ok".

So fast forward to April of my senior year. I was extremely blessed when I got my first t20 acceptance from Duke \*yay\*, and I was like "this is it, this is what I've been killing myself for". It was nice to feel validated for my efforts. I picked a prestigious private university over my state school and had a "college reveal party" and it felt so good to be done. 

But the thing is, once you get accepted to an Ivy League or t20 university, you are not done. It gets 10x harder from there. I moved into a larger pond, and I was surrounded by some of the best and brightest students in the world. Most of which didn't have to try in high school and were somewhat naturally gifted. We had so many math whizzes in our engineering department that it became so hard to keep up. I studied constantly and neglected working out, showering, eating, and enjoying my life. 

But no matter how hard I studied, no matter which study techniques I used, my grades were just mediocre. Grade inflation may keep you from failing, but it doesn't keep you from getting bad grades. I was depressed and suicidal and I was seriously considering dropping out of college. My whole life I had the mentality "if I work hard enough, I can get ahead", and while that is somewhat true, sometimes you just can't do any better. 

Sometimes no matter what you do, it isn't enough. 

Things have gotten a bit better, but not good enough for me to be a competitive medical school applicant. I am going to a different school to get my Masters and then reapply to medical school. 

This is not to tell you that you shouldn't have a dream school or that you shouldn't go to a t20. My advice is: Don't let getting into college consume your life. Do activities you love instead of resume builders. Don't lie to yourself, you know you are doing *some* things just to put on your resume.  I, being the pre-med gunner I was, stocked shelves at the hospital for 10 minutes a day to bolster my resume, even though it literally did nothing for myself or the hospital except give me a talking point on my application. 

Remember, YOU have control over your life. Not the admissions committee. I felt like getting into college controlled me, and I let it take away my adolescence because of it. 

Study, but don't study to the point of neglecting your mental, social, emotional, or physical health. Study for the SAT, but don't waste thousands of dollars on prep courses, prep books, tutoring, and retaking it 6 times because you want a 1550. 

My t10 university was not the place for me because I tried to live my life in terms of my high school resume instead of doing things I loved, regardless of if they weren't resume builders or not. If I was my true self, I probably wouldn't have gotten into my "dream school", but that's okay, because I would have fit in a less competitive environment. 

If you try to live as yourself instead of living what colleges want you to be, you will end up where you are meant to end up. 

If you are still reading this, thank you for listening :))