I was rejected by every college I applied to last year (except for a safety). Here is my story.
This is a bit long but I hope you read all of it if you need encouragement.

DISCLAIMER: I did this in a rush so my grammar isn't spot on and I hope religious indifferences don't stop you from encouragement. There is so much more to my story but to keep things simple, I've cut out a lot of detail. I am also not one of those students who didn't have any extra-curricular activities. 

It is December 2013 and the Christmas spirit is felt throughout Seoul, South Korea. Festive lights glitter and Korean covers of Mariah Carey’s “All I Want for Christmas Is You” echo throughout the snowy winter night. The streets are empty as everybody is home getting ready to go to bed. I witnessed this Christmas ghost town shivering on a park bench. My mother had just kicked me out of the house. Tears froze on my 7th-grade cheeks as I cried myself to sleep. I was too young to realize that my mother’s irrational punishments were due to her scapegoating her stress on me. I wouldn’t stay out for more than one night as my mother would always eventually let me back in. But coming back home wasn’t safe either. I faced physical and emotional abuse from my hot-tempered father. In bursts of anger, he would punch my face, kick me against walls, and put me in chokeholds. His favorite thing to say to me was that my dog was more important to the family than me. That year, I attempted suicide 7 times. I tried poisoning myself with shampoo, hanging myself, holding a knife to my chest, but I could never commit all the way because I was scared to go to hell. I prayed to God for guidance and he provided a way. My path was to devote my life to school so that a good college would want me and I could establish a bright future without the need of my parents. I held this goal every single day. I was determined.

I moved back to California for high school but that didn’t change anything about my life. I still faced abuse from my parents but I continued to hold onto my goal. Whenever I would get physically and emotionally abused, I would cry to sleep until my parents went to bed. I would then do my homework all night in peace. Whenever I would get kicked out of the house, I would immediately go to the library to study and spend my nights at a friend’s house(Fun fact: I spent my finals week during my sophomore year sleeping on my friend's couch). My classmates would tease me and call me “depresso boy” but I stayed strong and focused. I didn’t get a car until the last week of my junior year so I commuted everywhere on the public bus. I used my hour commutes to continue to study. I never had an allowance from my parents so I hustled on the side to financially support myself. I stayed determined and it showed through my good grades.

But things took a huge turn during my junior year. I gave my parents a second chance and called them out for their harassment of me in hopes of reconciliation. My mother broke down and apologized but my father called my feelings a joke. That is when my parents decided to go through a divorce. Throughout my junior year, my father put the blame on me for a broken family and told me to give up on my college dream because I wouldn't be receiving any financial support from him. This tormented me while I took my ACT. I was on the brink of giving up. The divorce never went through because of family interventions hosted by my extended family. Then one Sunday morning, days before my senior year, I woke up with food poisoning. My father told me that morning to walk my dog in which I said yes. However, I was stuck in the bathroom for 30 min with my illness so my sister unknowingly took my dog out. My father responded by putting me in a headlock and throwing me down the stairs. He then screamed at me to leave the house and never come back. I was fed up with the years of abuse from my father so I finally stood up to him. He, of course, hung me by my hair and started attacking my face. He then finally threw me out. Heartbroken and scared, I called the police for help in which they put me in a hospital and I got assigned a social worker. 

I spent my senior year living with my aunt. Being separated from my family didn’t stop my goal though. I actually performed better at school due to the absence of abuse from my father. I got a 97% or above for all my classes that first semester. At that moment, I thought my life was finally turning around. I was wrong. With a 34 ACT and around a 4.5 GPA, I was rejected from UPenn, USC, UCLA, UC Irvine, UChicago, and NYU. The last college I had to hear from was UC Berkeley, my dream school. It was a Wednesday and my last class was AP Econ. During the last 10 min of class, UC Berkeley released the admissions. I watched 3 students in my class cry with joy as they got accepted. My body shook incredibly as I knew this was my last chance at my 6-year goal. After school, I drove straight to my local church. I got out of my car and walked to the church building. I put my hand on the building wall and began logging into my UC Berkeley portal on my phone. I did one last prayer and then opened my result. I was rejected. I waited to see tears drop onto my screen but it didn’t happen. I stood there, with my hand on the church building, motionless. I remember my whole body was numb and shaking uncontrollably. I didn’t know what to do. All my hard work, all the pain I endured, all the frustration I pushed aside was for nothing. As I finally drove back home, I realized I should just committed suicide when I was 12 years old to save me from 6 years of pain.

I never did commit suicide because I did get accepted into SDSU. After all those rejections, I didn’t feel abandoned by God. I knew I still had a path with SDSU and that this path is for good reasons just like how the pain I endured for all those years has built me into a strong person with incredible grit.  Since I am a CA-resident, I can pay for own tuition with the money I made through my business and loans. 

Don't let college admissions define your life. It is YOU that defines it. If you didn't get into your dream school, move on and set new dreams now. Achieve those dreams so that those colleges that rejected you regret missing out on the amazing person you have become. I believe in you. (When you achieve your dreams, I suggest going into your room and listening to High Hopes by PATD while you shed those joyous tears) Also, don't be envious of those classmates that got in instead of you. Don't think you deserved it more than them. You are bigger than that.

If you got into your dream school, I congratulate you. Nobody deserved that spot more than you because everybody deserves to be happy in life and a chance at success. Continue to work hard so that you can make your dream school proud.