My problem is I keep taking jobs that don’t take me any where. How do I pick a career where I can really grow & not be stagnant from false promises?
Where to start...I have a degree in graphic design and have been doing this for about 9ish years. I’m currently getting my degree in Marketing and slowly have been getting into that industry for the past 4 years. My track record has shown that I keep accepting job offers that promise opportunities that never seem to come to fruition. 

When I first decided to switch to marketing (bc I couldn’t find any decent paying jobs in graphic design in my area) I took a job in marketing at a small (but had a huge client list across the country) business that promise I would be working & gaining experience in marketing. They wanted someone fresh because they never really had a designated marketing person and it would be a great growing experience for both of us. They were the ones who got me back in school for marketing. I stayed there a little over 3 years and ended up only really ever doing graphic design with minimal raises, barely any marketing experience, and no promotions. I eventually left that company when they opened a new position in marketing & never considered me for the position (even though this would have been GREAT marketing experience for me and i expressed interest in the position) to give it to someone outside the company that eventually came out she had no idea what she was doing. 

I had another dumb job that didn’t even last a year and now I’m at my current job. Once again, during the hiring process promised me that they wanted someone with my background because they wanted to start actively branding the company and wanted to really start marketing their charitable events. Well, surprise surprise, 2 years later I only KIND OF started to dip my toe into marketing. But the small amount of projects I’ve tried to get started have just been shut down or nothing ever comes of it. So long story short I did work for absolutely no reason. I’m ready to leave this job now too but I need some guidance on how to pick better job opportunities that won’t leave me stagnant or just doing graphic design for low pay. HELP!