Didn't get the job after two rounds of interviews. Thought they went well. Any advice?
After interviewing for a position I was really excited about last week, I got the news today that I wasn’t selected to move forward. Disappointed, I have spent most of the day trying to figure out what went wrong, if anything, and how I can improve myself as a candidate going forward.

The position was an entry-to-mid level technical support position at a SaaS start-up. This matched my experience really well.

I worked at a voice communication SaaS company for five years. It was very much still a “start-up” when I got hired. Me and three others were the first in-house hires on the customer support/technical support team. I spend three years in customer support, then a year as a Tier 2 Technical Support Specialist. I left for three months in 2017 for personal reasons, but was then hired on again as a Lead Customer Service Rep. I left again in May 2018 because I would be moving out of the state over the summer.

Since May 2018 I have been driving for Uber full-time. I know this huge gap in my employment may not look good, but I try to play it off. I tell them my experience as an Uber driver helped me build my time management and customer service skills, and that it was essentially running my own business.

Because the team is mostly remote (I'd work at their actual office nearby though), all my interviews were over Google Hangouts. My first interview was with the Tier 1 Tech Lead, which went well enough for me to get invited for a second round interview. The second interview was last Friday. 

The second interview lasted for about 2-hours, again over Google Hangouts. I spoke with three separate people. The first was the Tier 2 Tech Lead, and I thought it went really well. He mentioned he thought my experience was a great fit, and liked that I expressed interest in growing within the company (specifically on the QA/product development team). 

I spent a lot of time preparing, and made a trial account of the service in order to get more familiar with it. He really liked that I did that, and mentioned most candidates don’t spend the time to do so.

The second was the Sr. Director of Technical Support. He seemed a bit reserved and that interview lasted shorter, but I think that may have just been his personality. It was half him asking me questions, and half me interviewing him. I came prepared with a list of questions. He mentioned my questions were really good.

The third and final was with the Tier I Lead again. That was extremely short because she had essentially interviewed me already, and she said she “already grilled me with enough tough questions”. 

She told me to expect to hear back by this Friday. 

Their technical support team up to now has been contracted out through Upstart, but they are hiring in-house now. 

One of their contracted agents lives in Florida. The hiring manager said they can’t hire in Florida for some weird reason, so they were waiting to hear if the person was going to relocate in order to keep the job. Then they’d know if they have a position to fill (they had two open, but one was filled during my interview process).

This morning, I got a canned email thanking me for my interest and encouraging me to apply for future positions of interest.

I am really disappointed that this didn’t pan out, and I really want to know what went wrong. 

Did I not have a key qualification? Was there a personality mismatch? Or did they simply retain the other contractor? 

I know these are questions that I won’t get answers too, so instead of dwelling on it, I’m trying to figure out what I can do to improve as a candidate for similar roles in the future.