I wish I could give my life to someone who wants to live
Sometimes, I wish I could trade places with a terminal cancer patient who is holding onto life as tightly as he can. I do not have any enthusiasm for life, and it seems like a waste. I feel like I am going through the motions, just waiting to die... and it's going to be a long wait. I have been in therapy for 10 years, and it's constantly like this. I wish euthanasia for mental illness were a thing.

See, there is nothing in this world that brings me joy. I do not have any hobbies, and I do not have a job. I am going to be evicted if I do not find something before May, and while I have been applying, I also don't see the point. I have this black-and-white image in my head-- like a flipbook-- of me going through the motions until I am older enough to retire. I think I would rather cut to the chase because being alive hurts. There mornings where I wake up and take a handful of sleeping pills to make myself fall asleep again. That's really what I am doing... I am waiting to die.

It kind of feels good to type this out. I have not been out of my apartment for almost two weeks. It's almost like I've forgotten what the sound of my own voice sounds like. My boyfriend recently moved away, and we hardly talk anymore. My therapist dumped me (it's a long story + it was kinda my fault, so dont blame her), so I am without support (or structure). I do not have any friends. My family thinks I am being a drama queen and won't "play" this game with me anymore. If I were to kill myself tonight, I wonder how long it would take the world to notice. I imagine it would take a while unless my decomposing body starts to smell and a neighbor complains.

I have prescriptions for a whole cocktail of drugs, but I am not 100% certain that an overdose would be successful. I'm 80% sure since I have stimulants and relaxants and sedatives and with some alcohol-- I don't drink, so I image I don't have a lot of tolerance-- it almost feels like I can pull it off. My biggest fear is failing. I am afraid I will only have a seizure and then have to deal with the aftermath of my suicide attempt. God, I don't want to spend more time in a psych ward.