I don't think he wants me anymore
We've been together for more than a year, our first real and meaningful  relationship, it has had its ups and downs (like a normal relationship I suppose), but I know how important communication is, so we've always have found a way to fix our issues. I found so much love and comfort with him, like I never thought I could ever experience... this is why it's hurting me so much, I don't want it to be over.

The past few weeks I've been feeling that he somehow has been losing interest in me, I know I'm not perfect, but he isn't either, I've tried so hard to get his attention, but I don't know if I should even have to try this much. He doesn't seduce me anymore, he doesn't hug me from behind and kiss my neck anymore, he doesn't send me dirty pictures anymore, he doesn't say anything if I send him dirty pictures anymore... I'm 25, I have a boyfriend and I haven't had sex in a month, for one or more reasons we've seen each other very little this last month. So I stopped telling him how much I want him, because I expected that it would make him say he wants me.

He once tried to break up with me because I "deserved someone better", I told him I'm the one who decides what I deserve, that I deserved love and that I had that with him, so we stayed together.

Today he said we need to talk about us, that he would try to leave work early so we could talk; he wasn't able to leave work early, and since I have to make an hour long drive to his place and also wake up early in the morning for work, I told him I wouldn't go (this is a usual thing, he knows I can't visit him on weekdays if he doesn't leave work before 6pm). So we said "fine".

We've barely seen each other in two weeks, like we watched a movie past Friday and that's it. He said "well let's see if maybe we can meet on Saturday ".... He knows I had planned to be with him the whole weekend. I asked why the 'maybe' if we hadn't seen each other in a long time and I wanted to see him, he just gave me a sad face emoticon... nothing else has been said.

I think he wants to end it, but I still love him, am I being clingy?, I want him, I don't want anyone else. I don't know if I should try to save this relationship for the second time, or if I should just let him make the decision and not try to make him reason anymore, should I just let it go even though I love him with all my heart?

I'm so scared of losing him forever, I'm scared of getting my heart ripped in pieces. I don't feel good.