Absolute insane experience with recruiters. Need urgent help
I live in Colorado and I've been actively looking for my first big developer job for the past month. I've had multiple interviews and multiple offers.

I narrowed my options down to 2 companies:

1. A contract to hire position with a technology that I'm excited about - via a recruiter
2. A DoD full time position that requires a Secret clearance - via the actual company

My priority was #1 and I've been constantly in touch with the recruiter. After my interview, he said everything is looking great, yet kept stalling on sending out an offer. He stalled for about a week.

While he was stalling, #2 offered me the full-time offer, which I eventually accepted. This role is contingent upon me getting the Secret clearance done, which could take anywhere from 1-3 months. It also seems to be a complicated process.

I called the recruiter and told him that I have an offer on the table and they need to hear back from me soon, so I asked him nicely to update me and try to speed up the process. He said he will.

Here is a timeline:

Day 1 - told the recruiter about the other position

Day 2 - recruiter did not answer phone call

Day 3 - recruiter did not answer phone call

Day 4 - recruiter answered phone call. I asked him about the position. He said it was filled.

Day 5 - I accept the #2 offer.

Day 6 - I find the actual email contact for the hiring manager at company #1 and thank him for his time and ask for feedback. He never replied.

Day 7 - The recruiter for #1 calls me and tells me that the hiring manager got in touch with him and told him that I contacted him. The recruiter then asked me if I would still be interested in filling up the role. I am very surprised. I asked him what happened with the other candidate. He said he might not work out. I ask him to tell me what the offer would entail and he says he will get back to me.

He calls me back an hour later and he said that I MIGHT receive an offer, but it is contingent upon me starting on MONDAY. The next business day. I tell him that it would be a very short time to make a decision and might be difficult to contact #2 and let them know about it.

After all, #2 is a full time position with plenty of benefits. #1 is a company that I was excited about, but it is a contract-to-hire (duration unknown, anywhere from 3-12 months) role. However, #2 could take months until I even start working there if all the paperwork gets done correctly. So here is my conundrum:

\#1 obviously has red flags in terms of its recruiters, but if I actually started on Monday, I can actually have income (I am currently unemployed). It does not seem like a stable position at all, however. I wouldn't feel comfortable rescinding #2, which seems to have a lot of security.

\#2 will probably take months until I can even start working there.

What do I do?

Technically, I could start #1 and get paid and get experience, and quit when #2 is ready. But what if I like it? By that point, #2 would have spent thousands of dollars on me getting cleared and onboarded. I don't think I could rescind #2 at that point. Also, the process for #2 might not take that long.

Do I just play it safe and focus on #2 and getting the process done and hope for the best in terms of the timeline? What if I don't get cleared and waste months without experience and income and miss out on the contract opportunity?

Do I rescind #2 knowing that the recruiters for #1 are shady to say the least and I'm not exactly sure what the actual company is expecting of me ?  The #1 position is also not full time and it doesn't have benefits, but it probably pays the same as #2 in terms of hourly.

The fact that the recruiter is trying to get me to start working on Monday is actually pretty insane. Especially after I showed continuous interest in the job and wanted to speed up the process and he ignored me and lied to me.  But after all, it's about me getting a job and experience.

So what do I do? The clock is ticking.