I’m a recruiter for internships at my organization. Just hired a graduate assistant and NOW learn from someone else that she’s a horrible employee
So to put this in context. I’m 23 years old, a recent college graduate, and I work at a research organization within a university. I’m a very recent hire and my job is to recruit student workers, volunteers, interns, grad assistants, etc. And basically be their “boss” aka I have the power to hire, pay, and fire them. Which is a HUGE responsibility! 

To get to the problem, I hired a grad assistant and I just had orientation with her this morning. One of my coworkers recognizes her, pulls me aside IMMEDIATELY and tells me “that girl does NOT do her work, she doesn’t get along with anyone, she has an attitude, and she’s overall a bad employee”. This is from a past experience working with her, I guessed.

I just submitted all her hiring paperwork to HR, and she’s here to stay for at least the next year, is what I told her. I’m supposed to talk to her actual boss tomorrow and warn her about this girl. Also, this girl is 30 and I’m scared she’s not going to take me seriously if i try to talk to her about her performance. This is one of the reasons I don’t like being in charge of people my own age, or older.

I don’t know, I’m trying to prepare for every scenario possible in my head and I’m freaking out. It’s not like I can fire her but I feel like I really screwed up and I should have seen this coming when we interviewed her in the first place. She SEEMED like a great candidate, she clearly had the experience necessary for the job, but the way she talked was very off-putting and it really didn’t seem like she would fit, but we had to hire someone and she was the only “good” candidate.

Basically I don’t know how to discipline people if they are not complying with our policies or not completing work assignments. I really don’t want to have an awkward conversation with her, and I especially don’t want her to get angry. UGH! I’m beyond stressed about this as you can tell.