My entire life is toxic and I'm not too happy about it.
So hi, my name is Abby. I'm 16 turning 17 soon and I live with my parents. I'm pansexual. I knew I was pan in about 6th grade and thought I was bi for a long time (First female crush in 3rd grade).  Luckily throughout middle school my friends we're very supporting and nice. 

My parents on the other hand are not. My sister is bisexual (remember this) . My mom was raised Catholic so she's homophobic. Though I can't really blame her, she was practically forced to be. My dad on the other hand, is a known racist atheist. I am also an atheist.  My father and sister the other day had a whole conversation about how pansexuality didn't exist. Bisexuality is binary. Boys and Girls. Trans people is iffy. Pansexuality means that I don't base my attraction on gender identity. 

I'm so afraid of the reaction I'll get if I come out to my family. Afraid to the point where I'm tempted to wait until I move out to come out to them. My parents are also mentally abusive to my sister and I. Telling us both how useless and worthless we are all the time. My sister gets more than me since she's an adult (20) and they can threaten to kick her out on the street. My sister abuses me, but I don't blame her. She's doing a lot for the family and it all goes unnoticed and ignored. So even though we fight and I hate that she does this to me, I know that not all of her aggression is completely towards me. 

Getting past home life, one of my best friends is EXTREMELY homophobic. Even telling me that if I marry a female she won't come to our wedding because "that's just dumb".  I once tried to explain what Non binary and gender fluid meant and she again just said "that's bullshit that makes no sense" and "there's only 2 genders. You're either born female or male and that's what you are" so I can't even get support. To the point where whenever I have a girlfriend and I try to talk about her she fake gags and tells me that it's disgusting. 

How do I get rid of all of this toxicity in my life? Any help?