I attempted suicide today.
And I feel I'll do it again shortly, the only thing stopping me today was that I was interrupted by an unexpected phonecall from someone who cares, but very little has changed about my situation.  
I'm twenty-two with two serious mental disorders, one is constantly stigmatized and portrayed everywhere as something dangerous and so I feel ashamed and scared to talk about it lest I hurt future employment opportunities, and the other only doctors accept is real, the public doesn't.  When you have an illness that affects every aspect of your personal life from who your friends can be, to your diet, when you can leave the house, what do you tell someone who asks about your employment when you know they'll brush you off as a lazy, incompetent youth who needs to suck it up?  What if I try and then am fired, over and over again for things not my fault, how would that look on employment records?  

Also I said something extremely rude indirectly to a friend and someone I deeply respect recently while I was intoxicated for a medication I'm on, and hearing how much it upset them today put me in so much shame that I couldn't bear it, and it was just a final straw to a very large pile that's been growing on me for a long time.  I feel even further shame that I almost killed myself without apologizing to them for being so rude, and still wouldn't hesitate to do so now.  I imagine I'll send them a suitable apology soon, god I hope they forgive me and that I haven't hurt them permanently.  Why was I such an idiot, I should have just turned the computer off after taking my pills.  And then I dragged someone into my own idiocy by accident, I'm sorry friend.  It was all my fault and I hope they aren't upset with you

The funny thing is, the incident that started my final step today?  Taking these fucking pills that turn my filters and smart functioning part of my brain off. I'm typing this all after having just taken one and so this will send me further into shit like these always do.  I hate them but I need them right now or I'm going to die... I just wish they would make my unconscious functioning brain not such a fucking asshole.