I'm Sneaking Out to go to My Dream University.
People often tell me my life sounds like a movie.... Now that I think about it, it really does lol.

&#x200B;

So my parents have never been supportive of my college education. I got into a university that was really nice during my senior year of high school, and they didn't want me going there at all. I was only 17 at the time, so I didn't have the option to take out loans without a cosigner, and my parents refused. So .. I had to turn down the offer and start at my local community college. The only positive to this was that I got to go for free lol.

I'm at community college now, and I applied to several schools crossing my fingers that I would get in. I worked my ass off to make sure that I didn't get anything less than an A in all of my classes. I also got a credit card to establish a credit history for myself so that I could be eligible to take out loans (if I need to) for university. My parents think that I will be doing the nursing program at my community college, but I will really be transferring to a university. I had to lie to my parents about why I had to have a credit card because they got suspicious.

Fast forward a couple months later, I received the acceptance letter that changed everything. My top university accepted me into their nursing program. I could not believe it. In my eyes, I was just an average student, and I doubted that I would have got in, but I did. I also ended up getting a scholarship that covers all of my tuition and books. I would only need to get loans for the dorm. I know that people say that "loans are the devil" and everything, but this is an investment for my education, and I know it will pay off in the end.

My parents do not know that I got into this university nor do they know that I am planning on leaving. I know 110% that they would not support me going, and may even do everything that they can to stop me. I will leave when my parents aren't home and get a ride/bus to the university on moving day. I do feel kind of bad about doing this, but I do hope that they will understand why I did this with time.

I'm posting this for all of those people who have no support from anyone with trying to get your education. It's not easy at all, and there were several times where I felt like giving up, but you can do it.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thank you everyone! I never thought I was going to get such a big response! I really appreciate everyone's support :)