I spent 3 yrs writing this horror book, making a soundtrack for it, and making it viewable like a film. I put my heart into something that will go nowhere. I just want to fucking die. I’ve been made unemployed bc of coronavirus. I’m so stressed
I put an embarrassing amount of time into being a writer. So many hours spent at university studying and practicing. I would honestly stay at the library until it would close at 2 am and then sneak into a classroom to finish studying before classes would begin at 6 am. I won the praises of my professors, taking honors classes, being told I will go far. All for a Creative Writing degree that I can't do anything with. But It's been my dream since I was 11 and read Harry Potter to be a writer. I'm 29 now. That dream turned into a nightmare.


I've thought a lot about form and what a book could be. I felt literature has to be updated. Because now we have movies that are a lot more entertaining to watch than just sitting and staring at some lines on paper for hours. So I made a soundtrack for this book I wrote as though it were a film that cannot be made and I made a video for it so you can watch it rather than just read it. 


And now what? Post it to reddit? Hope it will go viral by spamming it? All that will do is get trolls to spit on something I spent so much time and energy on. Go to a publisher? So they can butcher it to make it palatable for large numbers of people? And to get a publishing deal, it would take months. And before I could a publishing deal, I would need to get a literary agent, which also would take months. And then, it would probably be another year before it would hit the shelves. And then, on top of all this, to add insult to injury, I, the writer, would make very little. The profits, if there would be any off of my book would go mostly to the publisher and to the agent. This is because I would just be starting out. I'm not a veteran established writer like Murakami or Rushdie. They can get better deals. Me though? I would have to wait 3 years and see very little in return. 


I have it all already prepared though and available right now. I just can't reach an audience. I don't know how to. In my mid-20s I had a youtube channel that was growing in popularity. Precisely because I did post on reddit. A lot of people seemed to like what I was doing. But, it grew to be so frustrating having to deal with trolls and comments who hated me only because I was posting something I made. Like it's the worst thing in the world trying to advertise something I put a lot of work into. It's not like I was making hundreds of posts. Any post I would make where I would say: "I made this" it would get nothing fucking really negative comments by people who wouldn't even take the time to read what I wrote or listen to the poem I would read - they would hate my post, just because I posted about something I made. I mean they treated it like I was forcing my work down their throats, but am I forcing my work on people by making a post about it? You don't have to click. It's just a post and I would make those kind of posts because hey maybe someone out there who I haven't reached yet might like what I do. Is that really so terrible? I don't understand why people treat it like it's the worst thing in the world and like it's so aggravating and annoying. Companies can have advertisements, but me, a single person, trying to do something on my own, it's not called advertisement, it's called "spam" instead. It was so frustrating. I didn't become famous, I'm not saying this, but I did get attention eventually and I did grow in popularity. Precisely because I did post to reddit and stopped saying "I made this" to "I found this." Instantly got more recognition. One night while I was drunk I deleted everything I made and my entire online presence, because I was so frustrated by this. 1,700 subscribers on youtube, videos with tens of thousands of views. All gone. I could try posting my things on reddit again, but oh my fucking God there is no way I'm doing that a second time. It was a nightmare to get that far, I'm not making that mistake a second time (except now bc this is a support subreddit and this is all more confessional and I hope people'd be a bit more tolerant and to provide context here's what I wasted 3 fucking years of my life on: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPLcoexhuMI)

What else can I do? Write like Rupi fucking Kaur and shit all over instagram like all these "instapoets"? Just write a couple sentences draw some stick figures, I could get fame for that. It'd be very easy. But I wouldn't be able to look at myself in the mirror and be proud of what I accomplished. Suicide I guess is what happens to people who try to have dignity in this world today where everyone besides the wealthy are nothing and worthless. If you don't whore yourself out it seems you will be a failure.


I lost my job because of the coronavirus. I can't bring myself to get unemployment. I have never been on government assistance. I feel weird even getting this $1,200 check. I grew up in a libertarian/objectivist household. I can't get something for free, I can only be ok with myself if everything I have I worked for. I always told myself I would die before being in this position. I try to have integrity and pride. This is just humiliating. And it was humiliating working at my previous job. Knowing I could have capable of so much more, knowing I could have done so much more with my life, that at one point I honestly had fans - even my very own creeps like one who drove hundreds of miles just to meet me! And people were praising what I was doing in college...I feel like Nick Drake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOFgM3mFIqw


I've never felt so hopeless and stressed out and like a loser and so many other things. There's a million other things. I have no money. I don't have money for rent next month. I don't have money for food. Some of you might not understand but I'd rather die than take unemployment benefits. I am more suicidal than you can possibly know. I am trapped. Stuck. I can't believe I'm 29 and in this position. All those dreams I had as a kid about being the next JK Rowling...I've been doing a lot of research. I have a method figured out. It seems almost inevitable that I will end it. I can't do this anymore.