Absence makes the heart grow fonder
... it shouldn’t leave you guessing and worried.

What I’m saying is that I see so many posts from people who are so damn unsure and worried about the person they’re dating. They make themselves crazy because they’re trying to decipher what the other person is thinking or feeling and worried whether or not they’re into them.

But dating shouldn’t be like that. You should be sure about what you and the other person want.

And to be honest I used to think that being unsure and self conscious was just part of the game and I’d be so self conscious about every text I’d send, every word I’d say, every action I’d take.

But the truth is that if you find someone who gets you and wants to be with you, you won’t have to bend and break to know where you stand with them. I know this isn’t some sort of groundbreaking epiphany I’m sharing but I want to share it nonetheless.

Dating should be fun. You shouldn’t have to overthink every step you take. And simply put you should be able to be yourself and not question every little thing you do or say.

Because in the end... if the person you’re dating leaves you guessing and worrying when you’re not actively with them... you should move on from them. 

A person who wants to be with and cares about you will let you know and let you feel it. They’ll build you up and give you the attention you deserve. They’ll answer your texts in a timely manner, they’ll take you out to dates, they’ll make time for you even when they’re busy, they’ll build you up when you’re down...

They won’t leave you on read for hours, they won’t flake on you, they won’t be unsure about you, they won’t make you question their intentions. 

Basically I feel as if we should all listen to ourselves and our own feelings more. How that person makes you feel when you’re not around them will tell you so much more about how good they are for you than when you’re with them. 

It’s not even what *they’re are doing but so much more what you yourself are feeling*. 

If a person manages to put a smile on your face even though you haven’t seen them for a few days... that’s where it’s at. If they manage to make you feel down and question your own self worth in that time... do yourself a favor and move on. 

They’re absence shouldn’t bring you anything but a bit of quality time for yourself.