Very tempted to quit my job without a new job lined up, am I justified in my reasoning or is it all in my head?
I'm 23F content writer and I've been in this company for 10 months ish. At first, I really liked this job because my team in digital marketing was really great and fun and I got to learn a lot. But one problem is that our management (CEO, VPS etc) are super disorganized. Like has no clear vision of what they want, gives super vague instructions and indecisive on the output, gives us tasks without any working materials or assets and gets mad when the results aren't skyrocketing. The DM team itself is also fairly new (around a year).

Before, I could bear it cus I liked our team lead and the process but since the pandemic hit, they've pretty much wave after wave of lay offs because we weren't showing results/cost cutting (we work with international students so that's important to know).  I was spared because: 1. I was the only writer they had at the time for both operations and marketing, 2. the only one who didnt quit, 3. the only one who could work in a fast-paced environment. 

Right now though, I'm starting to really hate it here. Management is still super disorganized and has no direction, the new marketing head doesnt communicate anything and just tells me to do this and that so I have no idea what the direction of our marketing is supposed to go, work hours are spilling over to my free time, and the new 'senior writer and communications specialist' they hired is super rude and mean. Like he just barks orders and tells me to do the stuff he was assigned to do (like simply telling the devs or designers to make this web page etc). 

I was gonna suck it up until the end of the virus at least but something our new video editor said struck me. He said he wondered why they needed a new guy who doesnt know the brand of the company or know where to get the materials be the lead coordinator/project manager when the end result is that people turn to me to ask for those stuff anyway. And why they couldnt have just promoted me to senior and hired someone in my place. And like I dont wanna brag but I've been doing really good and have become familiar with all these things so I was thinking maybe he has a point.

So on top of feeling overworked, underpaid, and dissatisfied, I have to add underappreciated too haha. So I'm just tempted to quit now even without a new job lined up since my freelance clients rn can meet my salary anyway and I have enough emergency funds for like a year. Would it be a good idea to quit or am I just overwhelmed with stuff and the pandemic is making it worse?