Should I stay in a miserable job while looking for a new one, or should I quit and try looking after moving to a new city?
Hello All,

I will try to keep things brief while adequately explaining my situation. Basically, I have been working my first real job out of college for just over a year and a half now. I graduated with a double major in History and Chinese from my university, and found my current job on the other side of the country.

Basically, I work for the American branch of a large state-owned Chinese company on the West Coast. My position is a “Technical Translator”, meaning I’m meant to translate technical documents and provide interpretation. It seemed right up my alley when I started.

Now, I’ve realized I am completely miserable here. If you’ve never worked at a Chinese company before, things tend to be a bit chaotic- very little planning, work way outside of your job description, and generally lots of moments that make you question your sanity. I interned at another Chinese company before so I kind of had an idea of what to expect. It is definitely wearing me down now. I am either spending weeks at a time with literally nothing to do, or I am having periods of crazy overtime and spontaneous cross-country business trips. The atmosphere at work has also become toxic with lots of people moving to other jobs.

Moreover, I am extremely unhappy living here in Southern California. All of my family, who I am very close with, are on the East Coast and everything is crazy expensive here. Don’t get me wrong, it has its merits, but it is NOT for me.

These factors have been wearing down on me so much that I ended up getting diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder for the first time. At the beginning of this year, I realized that I needed to go. However, 10 months later I have had no success. This is mainly because I resolved not to quit until I had found a better job.

My strategy has been to look for jobs in the aviation industry, where I work now. However, because my current job is such a niche position, I have seriously been struggling to find jobs I can even realistically apply for. Even then, my biggest handicap has been my liberal arts background. I know majoring in liberal arts was a huge mistake, but I am stuck with it. I thought I could use my experience in the industry, but it has not come out for me at all. Everything wants either engineering or software design backgrounds. I only managed to be interviewed for one job this year, and they told me I was “unconventional” and that most people they hire are engineers, even for non-technical positions. Everything else has been rejection after rejection.

Geographically, I have been applying for jobs only in places I want to live, like back east or in places like Colorado, where I’ve always wanted to live. I'm wondering if it would be better to just quit this job and move somewhere I would want to live. I've read many times that finding a job is much harder when you don't have one already. At the same time, I also wonder if a lot of jobs I apply for don't consider me to be a serious candidate because I live so far away from them. 

My question at this point is, what would be your recommended course of action given my situation? Should I just quit my job and move somewhere I want to live, then look for a job? I have enough savings to live off of for months, but I know it is harder to find a job when you’re unemployed. Should I just suck it up and go back to school for something more technical? Should I just keep sticking it out here until I find something better? For more context, I am relatively young: 24 years old.

I know things should be kept objective here but the emotional part of this situation is just killing me. I am starting to think this niche job is all I can ever be, and I will be stuck here away from my family forever. I am absolutely miserable here but can’t see any escape. I’m hoping I can get a more realistic perspective from the people here.

Thank you for reading, and I apologize for the lengthy post.

Edit: thanks everyone for the variety of viewpoints and advice. I can’t reply to all of them but I can say they are very helpful and will factor tremendously in my decisions moving forward.