About to quit my current job as I'm on the cusp of getting fired, but I started/am in the middle of A LOT of personal development. Advice on career shifting and development?
Hey Y'all,

&#x200B;

I'm a recent college graduate (May 2018) and 24 M, still figuring out my life. Per my other posts in different subs, I've been depressed at work. For the past few weeks, I've been royally dropping the ball at my current hotel night audit position, but it's mostly been a result of my bad attitude and mental state. I've moved from the east coast to out west for this job, and the night audit schedule/1 hour (6 nights weekly, 11-7:30) commute has also broken me down. Basically my negative attitude has been self-sabotaging to the point where I don't  learn or retain new information, and I've consistently failed to comply with proper practices, which should have gotten me fired by now but thankfully, I haven't been written up or fired. Aside from that, I have had communication issues, have not been diligent in my work, and have made accounting mistakes that should have gotten me fired, but most of all, I felt unhappy and unsatisfied with everything. I took all of my mistakes to heart, but didn't effectively solve them. It's all self-sabotage, and I feel like I'm beginning the arc into a successful adulthood! My mistakes have been documented and I don't think that I can get a job with this (major) hotel chain anymore, or at least for awhile, but I'm also happy that my boss has called me out on my BS and it has prompted me to really change my life for the better. My questions:

&#x200B;

How can I explain all of that to a new employer without sounding like an incompetent? I'm already applying for new jobs and about to give my 2 week notice for this hotel since I cannot work at nights anymore for my sanity and mental health. 

How can I promote myself effectively? I just realized all of these destructive behaviors in the last 2 weeks, so it's been a tremendous time for me personally. I haven't solved them all yet, but I'm on the path now and don't want to stop. 

Have any of y'all been in the same situation? What did you guys do to solve it? 

&#x200B;

Thanks! I really want this to be my year and grind for a new outlook on life and new health state by my next birthday.