Fired from job within probationary period. Was offered a two-month contract that was supposed to allow me to work from home while seeking new employment. Boss has hit me with two huge, complicated, weird projects. What to do?
It's obviously busy work. My new contract is a definite two-month contract, which I have been told will be very difficult for them to terminate. The boss even said the contract could not be terminated, no matter what, bu it's obviously so they can find a replacement. (I'm in the EU.) 

Their reason for my firing was not trusting my skillset in a certain area in which I am inexperienced, and in which they promised to help me learn. They provided no teachable moments.

I don't plan on doing nothing during these two months, but you should see the stuff I was sent. It's as it was written by a madman. It makes no sense, is confusing, unorganized, and obviously just pulled from a back closet to keep me busy.

My question is, how do I handle this? I was fired for very sketchy reasons (I had great relationships with my team, I honestly was doing good work, trying as hard as I could, received nothing but praise from my superiors up until the day I was fired -- my line manager, my colleagues, everyone besides the higher-up is shocked and a bit angry by the decision to let me go).

This two-month contract, the boss said, was out of the "goodness of his heart." But there's no way any of this work can be completed within the 7 weeks I have left. Plus I have 6 days holiday, as I will have worked 3 months in total (probation month plus these two). So it's really six weeks.

How do I approach this in a manner that is going to cause the least waves?

I'm more than happy to do work that will help the company/my skillset, but this is "A Beautiful Mind" type shit. It's insane. I'm not trying to get out of work, but there's no way focusing my energy on this is going to help anyone. This, on top of several other projects I have going on for the company, which will improve my portfolio and help me in the future. What I have been given by this other boss is honestly a pile or rubble in Word doc form. I'm not meaning to bitch here, but it is indeed the truth.

To spend all my time on this would be to limit my time seeking new employment. Which is the point of this contract, according to them.