I'm not happy in my apartment.
Heads up, this is very much a first world problem.

I currently live in a luxury apartment building in Quincy, a Boston suburb, paying the max of my budget for the place. It was attractive to me at first because of it's proximity to work and because, well, I've been living in crappy apartments ever since college and I wanted to feel like an adult. I'm 24/M.

After I moved in, small things kept piling up. I've noticed that while I thought my commute would be roughly 15-20 minutes, trains are often delayed as I'm going in and out of the city during the 9-5 rush and the station I live at is remote. Often, trains get re-routed and I end up waiting for a train going home for 15-20 minutes, adding a crazy amount of commute time. 

In addition to this, the apartment itself is not quite as "luxury" as I was meant to believe. There are leaks in the ceiling sometimes and the electrical will frequently short-circuit, forcing me to lose anything I was doing on the computer. The windows don't actually open all the way as some sort of design idea to block elements from coming in through the window - unfortunately this blocks cool air from getting in as well. This forces us to keep the a/c on or remain uncomfortable all day. After a quick check of my bill, I've already paid one month's worth of my last apartment's electric in a short 10 days. The location itself is also not as great as I perceived; I thought it was a hip, up and coming area. I'm realizing now that it's sort of dead, really busy with street traffic, and people my age are closer to the city or in other areas. For reference, Quincy Center to somewhere like Cambridge or Somerville.

On top of all of this, my roommate(s) are questionable. I was told moving in that my roommate had a very serious girlfriend, and that she would be staying for a few weeks at a time between jobs that took her travelling for months at a time. Since moving in, I've found out that she doesn't even have a visa, and is basically living in our apartment as an illegal alien. She cannot get a job until she gets a visa or becomes a citizen, making it extremely hard for her to get a job. So I'm essentially paying half of our rent, while she squats in his room. Also, they have other friends over for dinner parties frequently and make messes in our kitchen, waiting days before cleaning it up.

My lease allows for subletting which I'm looking into now - I'm talking to our landlord about my options and looking at cheaper places in better areas. I'm a frugal person at heart and watching so much money go to a place that I'm not happy in is just staggering to my mentality.

TLDR; My apartment sucks and I want out.