I'm in shock. I just got drafted by the Korean military. I'm a recent admit to Brown. What do I do?
**EDIT: I want to say I'm mentally stable for now. Thank you so much for your help everyone, and I'm sorry I couldn't respond to everyone. I'd like to cherish the time I have time left before losing my phone. Also, I disagree with the moderator's decision to disable comments in the other thread about conscription. Firstly, there is important advice and information other redditors can contribute. Secondly, I feel that we need a discussion bringing awareness to the topic. I know this is A2C, but I don't see how enabling the comments for some discussion can hurt. It's important to people like me, and young people concerned about social justice.**

I'm a male dual citizen and apparently they have guidelines not well known to the public that if you don't follow, you will be conscripted for two years even if you're not from Korea. I don't even speak Korean.

What do I even tell Brown? Do I need to apply again in two years with new essays and everything? Will my high school SAT scores and GPA still be valid??

They caught me at the airport and I had to get escorted. I'm so scared. I cried too much today and the staff here don't seem to care; no one asked if I was alright and just walked by me as if they were used to this scene. I had no idea this could happen to me; I was only on vacation. All of a sudden I'm going to be isolated from society in some military camp just because I'm a dual-citizen male who didn't renounce his Korean citizenship before March of the year I turned 18. I already looked my situation up, and apparently this happens very regularly to unknowing Korean-Americans like me, and the US doesn't do anything about it. It's a trap designed to get more conscripts, and I'm a victim. There's no escape.

I'm sorry that I'm going into venting mode right now, but it feels like I'm fighting a battle alone with no one besides me. No social movement even talks about conscription even though it's a blatant violation of gender rights and human rights. I literally feel so alone and it's painful.

I also feel stupid and embarrassed. I'll have to explain to my friends about how I was stupid enough to not know to renounce my citizenship. It's embarrassing. Also, in Korean culture apparently, if you complain about military service, you're not a "man" so you have to stay silent about it. This means I can't talk to anyone I potentially befriend in Korea.

I have to explain to my roommates why I can't attend. I even made tons of close friends from the Facebook page. I was so happy about going. My life was set. Now I'm in a situation that I STILL feel like has to be a nightmare.

I'm so glad I wrote this post and getting my emotions out, but at the same time, I feel like I wasted the little time I have left before I get transported and my phone taken away. I honestly think I'll try to kill myself. I've heard horror stories of hazing, abusive/violent superiors, intense training starting 6 AM, and how the two years go by extremely slowly. My uncle told me stories about how he was punished by being locked inside a gas room where it disabled his eyes and made him cough. And how he was outcasted (he's autistic) and beat by his soldiers at times. And how he slept the latest and woke up the earliest because soldiers said they'd kill him in his sleep, and he believed it. He said it psychologically changed him and he's the main reason why I'm so scared of the military. You also get paid $110 a month so it's not like the US military

Looks like my question post turned into a rant post. I'd be thankful for any help you can give me, and PLEASE some words of encouragement and emotional support. I also stopped crying writing this post. I should also say thank you since I'll be offline for two years; you helped me a lot through admissions and I'm so grateful you guys exist. I'm so scared and wish I could just die right now. Every person I see walking by makes me hyperventilate because I'm so scared they'll drag me away right now. Please help mr