My dog had cancer. I had to say goodbye to her today.
My little pupster was only three and a half, she was the sweetest dog.  We only found out about the cancer two weeks ago.  We were told it was too late and there was nothing we could do but take her home and spoil her until her quality of life was too bad and it was time to let her go.  It was lung cancer and it happened so fast.  She started coughing and wheezing a few days before I took her into the vet.  By Monday she could hardly walk, she stopped eating and she couldn't barely hold down water.  Last night she cried all night and today I knew it would be cruel to let her be in any more pain.  

It doesn't feel real.  It happened so fast.  I called the vet this morning and told them she was in too much pain to go on.  My husband came home to stay with our boys.  I took her to the vets office.  They let us into a little quiet room with a comfortable couch and a soft rug on the floor.  It was very quiet.  I sat and cuddled her.  The vet gave her a shot and she fell asleep while I told her what a wonderful girl she was.  I wish I would have left then.  But I didn't want her to go without me there to hold her.  So I stayed and pet her while they gave her the second shot.  It was the worst thing in the world when she stopped breathing.

She was such a sweet girl and she should have had a much longer life.  I went home and tried to be a tough guy for my husband and our little boy.  But I keep getting hit with these waves of sadness.  It hurts and I miss her.  She was such a funny good sweet baby.  She loved camping.  She loved barbecues.  She loved loved loved car rides.  Even her last car ride.  She couldn't put her head out the window like she always did because she was too weak too.  But she wagged her tail the whole way.  

I can't talk it out at home.  The boys don't need mama falling apart and my husband is doing his best but he is taking it hard too.  We are just hugging a lot more then usual and being quiet.  Thank you for reading as I needed to get it out.  I miss her and it hurts that I will never pet her head again or hear her running through the house after the boys.