Pretty sure I have depression, not sure what to do about it.
First off: sorry about the wall of text. I tried to organize it a little bit so similar issues are near each other and it flows a little bit, but it's almost 3 am and I've been awake for 18 hours on 4 hours of sleep.

Just to preface this with a little bit about myself: I'm 23, in my sixth year of college and what should be my last year of engineering school. I grew up in an upper-middle class family. My parents pay for my rent, school, car insurance, gas, and cell phone. I had an internship over the summer and they liked my work enough that they're letting me work part time from school (about 10 hours away; they gave me a laptop and I connect remotely). Not sure if any of that is relevant, but it just makes me feel like I have no reason to be depressed, which just makes me feel worse.

For the last year or so, but especially since September, I've been having a lot of trouble with just about everything. I have no motivation to do anything. There are things I want to do, but when I finally get around to doing them, I don't enjoy myself, and quit. The only thing I seem to actually enjoy is when I get a chance to go out with friends, but even then, I'm worrying about the things I should be doing. There are even times I wont go out when I get the chance because I know I have something important I have to do, but I know I won't be able to muster up the effort required to actually do it. I'm essentially doing none of my homework (one assignment per class, per week - easily several hours per assignment). One of the classes I'm in is being offered for the last time this semester and I don't know what will happen if I don't pass. Everybody is expecting me to graduate in May, and I don't know if it will happen. I just want to be done with school, but I can't make myself put forth enough effort to pass any of my classes. I would love to talk to my family about it, but they don't seem to care. If I get a bad grade, all I hear from my parents is things along the lines of "We know you can do better" "Are you talking to your professors and getting help" and "Are you still going to graduate on time." I would talk to my professors, but when I actually do manage to do my homework, I procrastinate so much that there's no time for me to go see them. I was a straight A student through high school and got a 28 on my ACT so they expect me to be a straight A student in college. I mentioned that I was planning to stay at school and take one last class over the summer, and my parents' reaction was asking if I could take the class in the spring semester because they want to stop paying rent. I understand what they're doing for me is expensive, but there's no inquiry of why I'm taking a summer class. Even though I'm so close to finishing, I really just want to take time off of school and figure out my life.

My mom is also obsessed with losing weight. She lost a bunch of weight a few years ago and still complains about being fat (for the record, at this point she is probably underweight), but that's an issue she has to worry about. What bothers me about it is that she's always pushing me to lose weight. I want to lose weight, but I barely have the motivation to get out of bed in the morning. At one point she said if I hit 250 lbs she would take me to get some form of weight loss surgery. I understand that she wants me to be healthy and live a long time, but the way she goes about it just makes me feel like a fat piece of shit.

And if that doesn't kill my self-esteem and confidence enough, I've never had a girlfriend, or even been on an actual date. One girl kissed me at a party once and I obsessed over that for a week. I have plenty of female friends, and I have no more problems talking to girls than I do guys, but I either can't read the signs when a girl is into me, or they just don't seem to be into me. I feel like part of my problem is that I suck at/hate small talk, but I'm so self-conscious about everything that I can't seem to carry a conversation unless I'm really comfortable with the person I'm talking to.

I seem to spend all of my time on Reddit, Netflix, or both. I used to love reading and video games, but now I get bored within a few minutes. The only game I seem to be able to play for extended periods is Fallout 4, but even that gets boring after an hour unless my friend is on Teamspeak with me. I remember when I was playing Fallout 3 and New Vegas I would just get sucked in and play all day and have a blast. I miss being able to do that. 

I feel like I don't have anyone I can actually talk to about my life. I tell my friends the "fun" stuff, but I seem to pretend that if I don't talk about what I'm really dealing with, it doesn't exist. It works great for evenings out, but it's not working long term. 

This post took me an hour to type when I really should be working on a lab report that's due in 5 hours. I haven't started, and the reports for this lab class take longer than that to get a passing grade on. At this point I'm just going to sleep for those 5 hours and force myself to go to class. It just all feels so pointless, especially this late in the semester.