How I got from welfare to upper middle class
Hey all, I'm not sure how helpful this anecdotal story will be, but I'm really excited about this community and wanted to contribute what I could.  I grew up with a lot of 'checkboxes'--welfare, single parent household, drug abusive mom, and many more.  I was a poor student, surrounded by poor influences and no one--including myself--had a lot of expectations.  I remember my mom teaching me how to steal gloves from the Salvation Army.  I remember digging through couch cushions for McDonald's money.  I remember the elation of 'renters rebates' so I could get school clothes.  I remember being poor.  I started working at 15 and landed a job at the local movie theatre making $5.15 an hour.  I was emancipated at 17 and basically couch surfed through high school.  I stayed dedicated to my job at the theatre throughout and by the time I graduated high school I was an assistant manager and had no plans for college.  One day the manager drove in with his brand new Dodge Stratus and I found out a theatre manager's salary was around 35k and that seemed more than adequate, so that became my plan.  

I eventually was dragged by my old social workers (now "adopted grandmas") to at least attempt to go to college.  My grades were terrible so not only were there no scholarships available, but I was rejected by every university in my city.  I eventually saved enough to afford a single algebra class at the local community college.  I worked hard and got an A.  I used that to prove to the universities that I was trying to turn over a new leaf.  Once accepted I had to start the arduous process of paying for college. It took a ton of research and back and forth (I did not have anyone to go to with experience on this topic).  Thankfully Pell grants and subsidized student loans were enough to cover everything but books.  I took out a little extra in student loans when needed to pay rent and keep my head above water.  After a year and a half at the local state university campus I applied to go to the "Main U" in the state capital (my first time outside my hometown).  I was Pre-Law at first but switched to Computer Science about a year in when I heard about salary and job prospects.  At this point I was prideful and felt I had enough experience in CS to justify an internship.  I applied a lot and got rejected a lot.  After living off my girlfriends server wages for a few months I sucked it up realizing I was not ready and got another job at the theatre.  I spent a lot of time at this point learning about my field, reading books, doing side projects, whatever could make me seem more appealing.

I finally got a break in my Junior year of college and got a job at a student consulting firm doing odd projects for Thomson Reuters. I worked 20 hours a week, made $13.50 an hour and was getting direct experience in my field.  I interviewed a lot before and had a lot of rejections.  I remember I was sweaty-palmed and walked around the block a few times before my interview and when I got the job I bought my girlfriend (now wife) a stupidly expensive (relatively) purse with my first check.  From here, I had my break. I worked there through college, interned directly with Thomson Reuters and was much better poised for interviews as I approached graduation.  I got lucky and landed my first job at Microsoft making 81k a year.  It was a mind-boggling amount of money.  I ate peanut butter sandwiches for lunch every day until my first check came in.  

Since then I've worked miscellaneous places in tech and have increase my salary significantly.  I thrive at work and I attribute a lot of that to the fact that I had to learn to problem solve and not succumb to fear early on.  Some middle aged guy shouting at me about a deadline doesn't bother me, but for some 'silver spoons' who haven't faced real conflict before it absolutely ravages them and they shut down.  People who grew up poor often have a lot of perspective and skills that are valuable to major companies. I'm 29 right now and  I just bought my first house, have a solid retirement plan and am able to buy things, travel and help others without worrying about next month.  It's still so surreal.

Like I said, this is just a big anecdotal story.  I am well-spoken and white (which I acknowledge has given me privileges despite my upbringing).  I chose a career (intentionally) that has a surplus of jobs and high salaries and thankfully had a natural aptitude for it.  I had support from social structures.  And I probably got lucky saying the right thing to the right interviewer a time or two...I don't know if I would have landed the jobs I did if I applied again.  The main goal of this story is just to share a path of how I made it from A to B.  Anyone else here, I wish you the absolute best in doing the same!

Editing to share a link to a very valuable resource I wish I'd have known about:  You can dial 211 or visit 211.org to be linked to local resources in your area that can help with necessities like food, shelter, medical or simply starting your path toward higher education or the workforce.  A lot of folks on here have expressed a sense of "Where do you begin?" and hopefully for some this link will help!