Unrealistic expectations really got me
Today I was deferred from MIT and Caltech and when I found out the news I was doing great with it. Even though I had really wanted to attend one of those two schools, I recognized that as long as I put my best effort into creating the application that authentically reflects who I am, decisions are out of my control.  I say I *was* doing fine since other people’s reactions were what really upset me.

The problem for applicants who get rejected from top schools, in my mind, is that the people who know them think their acceptance is a forgone conclusion. As someone with high test scores, national/international awards, good grades, everyone around me seems to think I’m the perfect student. This creates a toxic attitude, particularly within my South Asian family. My mom literally told me today “I’m taking this hard because I’m not accustomed to your failure.” Even a friend texted me “Have you heard the good news yet?” 

I’m accustomed to my own failure: losing critical debate rounds, having months of research amount to nothing, etc., which should have made this easier. But when everyone around me is fixated on my perfection, it feels horrible to let them down. I know their expectations that highly competitive schools are (in the words of another friend) “a slam dunk” for me are unrealistic, but not meeting these expectations that everyone seems to have is crushing.

Two pieces of advice that I think we all could use. 1) Students who didn’t get into their dream school want support, not consolation. They don’t want to hear about how good they were or how they should have gotten in. That only makes it worse. 2) Don’t create unrealistic expectations for your peers. College apps are more competitive now than ever, so even if you think you’re complimenting someone by assuming they’ll get into their reach school, you’re just creating an even more toxic environment.

Tl;dr: Not getting in sucks even worse when everyone unrealistically assumed you would. No one is perfect, so don’t treat anyone like they are.