I made it out of poverty.
Not to say I don't still struggle with certain things, poverty spend mindset is a killer. But I've never missed a rent payment, I have always been able to pay my bills and buy clothes and food. Some months I'd have nothing left over from spending superfluously. But I wasn't in poverty anymore.

I have had to deal with my personal monetary issues and learn the value of money because no one told me when I was young.

When I was a kid, my mom got 800 dollars from social security, 400 in ebt and 400 dollars a month.She was a raging drug addict and it got worse the older I got so she would end up spending all of her money on drugs and sell her food stamps for 70 cents on the dollar. She was abusive and to top it off the rest of our family was rich. It was just her. We lived in a shitty trailer park.I remember understanding that I was different from the rest of my classmates, I would show up to school in clothes that didn't fit and were full of holes because they were hand-me-downs and all the kids would make fun of me and tell me I smelled like cigarette smoke constantly.

A lot of the time school lunches were the only meal I was getting. My elementary school would give me bags of clothes, coats for winter and stuff like that, I didn't realize for a while that this wasn't something normal.I couldn't go on class trips, sometimes my mom would be too konked out to sign the waivers or we didn't have enough money.I was truant in school because I was worried my mom was going to die, so I would ditch.

Everyone could see that something was wrong.My mom got cps called on her 5-6 times growing up, she would teach us what to say and said that if we told the truth, we would go in foster care and get molested. So we lied and said everything was fine. I hate that I didn't say anything. But I was scared.On my 10th birthday, my mom got so mad at me that she threw pots and pans at my head.I hate my family for never helping. I hate my family so much. I hate them for being rich and entitled and letting us suffer all the while talking shit about us.

But I made it, when I was 16, my mom and I got in a huge fight. She wanted to smash my xbox because I never left my room and I told her that the xbox was a better mother than she would ever be. She called my sister and told her to take me. Thank god.I then spent time living with my sister then moved out when I was 18.

It's been a bit rocky, I have cptsd, anxiety disorders and major depressive disorder so that makes it harder on me. But recently I got an amazing job opportunity, it's QA testing for a big game company, it ain't fancy but it pays really well. I live with my fiance and we just got an apartment together.

It's gonna be a battle but after big important purchases, like a new bed and stuff. I'm going to boost my savings and save for a trip to japan with him.

I made it out, you guys can too.If you have any specific questions or want advice if your situation is or was similar, I will help. I learned a lot of wisdom and I think I have advice to give, may not be the best advice, but maybe I can help.

Thank you.

Also I still have that xbox to this day. Still a better mother than she was.  


Edit: I didn't expect this to gain any kind of traction and the fact that it has, has gotten me a little whoa o:  
I wanna reply to all of your comments, and I will. It'll just be taking me some moments.  


Thank you all for the kind words and for your interest, I have laughed and also cried. I appreciate you all and if you have any specific questions on how I do things or accomplish things, please ask and I'll do my best to answer.