To Teenagers in a Toxic Relationship
Hi. I would like to share my story of my toxic relationship. I am creating this post to inspire people who know deep down they need to leave a relationship but think they don't have the courage, or think they will regret it. 

I currently will be turning 20 next month (I'm female). when I was 17, I started dating this guy. I was really into him. 

Soon enough, he began telling me things to make me jealous. he would tell me when he thought girls were attractive, he told me there was a cute girl in his class that he considered being with instead, and that there was a girl in another class who would always stare at him and that he began to have feelings for her but was "fighting it off." he told me I had to be more enthusiastic over text, or else he would start having feelings for other girls. once he even told me he "would be tempted to hang out with other girls" if I went to visit my friend at college. He told me he was having feelings of breaking up with me, but was trying to fight them off, putting the burden on me to help him figure it out. He has made me cry COUNTLESS times. each time I did bring it up, and he would start crying and tell me he was sorry and that he did care for me, and that he was tempted to harm himself if I broke up with him. I KNEW deep down that I should break it off, but I didn't want to. It was my very first relationship and I thought I might regret it if I broke up with him. I really thought this was the person I was going to end up with. Hell was I wrong. 

Every terrible thing he has told me, he would say, "I promise I didn't say it to make you jealous" and then after a while, he would confess and say he did, indeed, say it for that reason. He would tell me I need to show more physical affection, and that because of this, he is tempted to date others. That's fine, that he wants someone who shows more physical affection, but it's a shitty thing to do to put the burden on me and making me feel like I need to fix that part of myself. It was things like this that made me feel bad about who I was. I was incredibly stressed out over these things he constantly told me. I lost sleep, and I stopped caring about pretty much everything else. all I wanted was for him to accept me as I was, but instead he was constantly putting me down and making me feel absolutely worthless. 

My dad was my hero with this. We went to a target parking lot and I cried and he comforted me. 

From this shit show of a relationship, I have trust issues, a heightened anxiety, and overall regret and frustration. I am so angry that I let him do all that to me, and this is why I am posting this. if you are experiencing a similar thing, PLEASE FOLLOW YOUR GUT. The entire time, my gut was telling me "end this now. End this now. End this now." but I didn't listen. It was my first relationship, and I truly thought we would last forever, even though my gut told me I was not doing the smart thing. I KNEW this was a bad idea to continue on with this person. I KNEW no one should treat me this way. 

And last thing. Let me tell you. Now, looking back on it, it is INSANE to realize how differently I feel. I am so secure with my decision. Once I left him, it was like a breath of fresh air. It took some time, of course; it took a few weeks, but once I truly realized it, it's like I can't believe I ever wanted to stay with him. When you're in the stage of "I am infatuated with this person; I want to work it out with them" you really do not realize how much better it will feel letting them go. But when you're out of that stage for a while, after breaking it off, you truly realize what a wonderful decision you've made. Never again will I let someone treat me this way. This was definitely a learning lesson in my life. So once again, please, if you're experiencing something similar, PLEASE follow what your gut says and if you're being treated wrongly like I was, END IT NOW. I promise, you will NOT regret it. I really hope this inspires just one person. feel free to pm me if you want to chat.