Just a reminder, job recruiters WANT you to get the job. Feel free to ask them for advice.
This is only for third party recruiters. Some large companies have recruiters in house, and I'm not talking about that situation.

First of all, recruiters are legit. I thought maybe they were scams since someone contacting me for a job sounded too good to be true. That was a long time ago, and I've dealt with them a lot since then.

A recruiter's performance, and sometimes even pay, is largely dependent on them placing people in jobs. If you get the job, that's good for them as well.

I see questions on here all the time about interacting with recruiters. I'll drop a few notes I've heard/experienced directly from recruiters, but would love to hear other thoughts, and let me know if I'm wrong on any of this.

Ask recruiters about the hiring manager/position/what they're looking for. They'll be likely to give you some good details because as stated above, they're rooting for you. They've also possibly interacted with the hiring manager and have some details that aren't on the application. They might let you know really great details in your history you should mention in an interview.

Feel free to ask about pay. I hated bringing this up in an interview, but a recruiter won't mind. Also this could stop you from undervaluing the position when asked what you want to be paid. Also ask them any details you think might be deal breakers. No reason to spend a bunch of interviews not realizing you're gonna hate a job.

Recruiters are less likely to turn you down for something very minor. They may leave some things out speaking to the recruiter or even critique you.

Once you are out, they won't be afraid to let you know. A couple times I've just been ghosted, but feel free to ask where you are in the process. (again no recruiter is gonna throw you out as a candidate cause you emailed them one too many times)

If you don't want the job, tell them straight up. I don't know why but I used to be nervous about saying this like I was breaking up with someone. They don't want to waste time with someone not interested, so it's no big deal.

Try to keep in touch with them. Add them in LinkedIn or something. I've had them call me back a month later asking if I was still looking.

That's all I can think of.

EDIT: since this is in contest mode, I'm going to put the most common/best comments here since they won't rise to the top. The things I missed on are basically the negative, which exist. I think this is partially because recruiters for someone with 6 years+ experience is different from someone with very little experience.

A lot of recruiters don't look to far into candidates before reaching out. This means they'll contact you with jobs you'd clearly have no interest. Another reason to ask questions (salary) immediately

"They dont want you to get THE job they want you to get A job" most probably don't care whether it's a good fit on either side which is why you should immediately start asking questions.

They will ghost you. Some (once you've got more experience I'd say) will want to keep in touch cause maybe they'll try again with you later. For some, once you're out of contention, you're useless to them, and they don't seemingly care about their reputation. I've even had an appointment set up and been "stood up" (only once)

There are absolutely bad experiences but... it's job hunting. This sub is incredibly negative, and it's hard to blame, BECAUSE job hunting sucks. I'd still say it's slightly less awful than other ways of job hunting.

I am not talking about staffing agencies. Those are totally different, have their uses, but also downsides.