Feedback from Rejected Internal Position
So I finally received feedback after asking a month ago about why I wasn’t selected for an internal position and I am more annoyed and bitter then before.  The position in question was the next higher up position in our department and I was the only one who was internal.  At first my boss said it would just need to be posted three days as an internal posting but then no action was taken to interview for it for months.  I finally get my interview scheduled directly after multiple meetings by my boss so that I wasn’t even able to prepare.  On top of this, the interview committee is made up only of my boss and coworker.  I thought the interview went as well as could be, but turns out I didn’t have the skills she was looking for based on her vision for the position which wasn’t even how the job description read.

Anyways after asking for feedback when I was rejected and receiving no acknowledgement on the matter, suddenly I get my answer when it is now time to train people.  My boss’ answers felt like excuses to me.  She claimed her committee was neutral, but I don’t know how that was possible when the two that interviewed me were my bosses and she even stated she would have liked to hear more of my examples from my current role even though I provided examples from all of my previous positions.  What really got me was the statement that she felt I did not offer to help out enough and learn new areas of the office.  This was like a slap in the face as I have frequently asked to learn new things with no reply from either of them.  Additionally, apparently she claims she knows I do a great job and she doesn’t need to question my work but feels I don’t communicate to her.  When I started and anytime I take on a project she has always said I don’t need to keep her informed of every step, yet now she claims she wants project check in emails all of the time.  I feel I always either tell one or the other how projects are and what is complete, so I feel the communication problem is on her side.  

I’m just frustrated because even though I stated my feelings on everything and my place in our hierarchy I still feel like she doesn’t get it.  It apparently is an unreasonable request that either of my two bosses take on any lower duties that are outside their job responsibilities but since I’m apparently just a great hand at my current job, I get to do my duties and the training duties of the job I didn’t get without getting paid more.

Frustrated.