Going on 12 months without a job, losing hope and looking for suggestions.
I’ll try not to make this a wall of text. 

I’ve been out of work for nearly a year and I’m freaking out. I’ve been fairly lucky in my life without having any degrees. Been in Management/Sr Management since finishing high school (21 years). 

My specialty is Transportation/Logistics (Oilfield and General LTL/TL). With some random but useful qualifications such as training of special waste (how to handle and dispose) and I’m an RSO (Radiation Safety Officer). I’ve spent a good time wearing multiple hats while my main objective was transportation, I’d also handle anything dealing with Oilfield Radiation Protection Plans and assisting clients in determining what their waste is (hazardous/non-hazardous) by sampling and viewing the waste characteristics. 

My last job was great, but working 14+ hours through the week (salary) and 4-6 hours on the weekends took its toll on me mentally and I ended up leaving. This was stupid of me, pay was amazing but my anxiety took control. 

I’ve have lost count of how many applications I’ve put in for logistics in the oilfield and outside. I’d love to get something outside of the oilfield because it’s so fragile due to oil pricing. I’ve applied all over the county for jobs as my family and I are willing to relocate and nothing. Couple phone interviews here and there. 

I’ve applied at gas stations, grocery stores, etc... and can’t catch a break here. Trying to get something in the door as my savings is gone and my credit cards are maxed out. I’ve always been the bread winner and this is devastating. 

Majority of jobs that I’m applying for are requiring a Bachelor’s degree in addition to experience. Don’t have one and definitely do not have the funds to go through school right now. What should I do here?

I’ve reached out to my LinkedIn connections with no success (not the best at networking). What do you all think? I tried to summarize my situation best as possible but if you have questions, I have time.