Just go for it
Hi guys. I moved too a new village around 6 months ago, around the same time I split up with my ex girlfriend. I have been on a few tinder dates and the girls really were lovely but there was just one thing... In the local supermarket works an absolute gorgeous girl who I've had my eye on ever since I first seen her. She is 100% waaaaay out of my league. The conversations at the checkout we have is amazing and everything just flows naturally compared too anyone else I had been on dates with. Therefore it didn't make me having enough interest into trying too find a partner out of the other girls. All I wanted was this checkout girl! 

I didn't know anything about her personal life (if she had a boyfriend)ect...  so I was pretty nervous about what I did next. Chancing my arm I wrote my name and number on a piece of paper and then proceeded too enter the supermarket not even knowing if she'd be working or not. I grabbed my food and sure enough there she was. I could feel my face going red and the nervs proper kicked in. I was thinking too myself "do I go ahead with this or not" but hell what have I got too loose? She finishes serving her customer. Turns too me with her usual gorgeous smile and we go about our conversations like we do most days. At this point just as I am about too pay another customer comes along starts unloading his shopping. This makes me even more nervous knowing that this dude is gonna see what I am about too do.

I said "*her name* I really enjoy coming into the shop and seeing you. I feel like you are such a lovely genuinely nice person. You are absolutely gorgeous and I would love it if you would like too have a drink with me sometime?" I could tell by the smile on her face that I had made her day. She was so delighted and accepted my offer *RELIEF* 
I handed her my piece of paper and started walking out the shop. As I turned round she was still grinning from ear too ear and the guy who was stood behind me gave me the nod of approval. Felt like the fucking boss!!

She texted me lastnight and after a few hours speaking we now have a date arranged for Friday. RESULT! 

Just go for it guys. The worst that can happen is being told no. Happy dating and good luck everybody :)