My therapist of 4 years just passed away... I want to celebrate him. He helped me through my worst years.
This isn't a post about being anxious due to my clinical psychologist dying. It is a celebration of what he meant to me and a celebration of all the therapist out there that are making a difference. 

My therapist's name was Louis. When I met him, nearly 4 years ago, I was at a bad place in my life. I had been suffering from the effects of Anxiety Disorder for nearly 13 years, and visiting my GP monthly for over a year, when I asked her for a recommendation for a therapist. She gave me Louis' number and the number of 3 other therapists.

After delaying for weeks, I called all of the referrals I was given. Two weren't taking new patients, one wasn't returning my calls and the 4th was Louis. What are the chances that I would like the only Therapist that would see me? (well, 100%)

I was really nervous about meeting Louis because I had never been to therapy before. I had no idea what to expect. Would he judge me? Would he yell at me? Would he humiliate me? Would he intimidate me into taking action? I wasn't sure, but decided that I was willing to try.

Louis was a short Jewish man that reminded me of the actor Saul Rubinek (Warehouse 13) with a trendier, gray, beard. He had a very soft way of communicating that made you feel instantly comfortable. After meeting him once, I knew that we were going to get along. Sometimes in life, you just click with people instantly. This is how it was with Louis and me. :)

As I went to each session, I discovered that Louis and I had tons in common: we experienced many of the same issues. So his recommendations felt tailored to me. In a way, talking to Louis was like talking to an older version of myself. We had different upbringings, I was raised Catholic and he was raised Jewish, but there we so many parallels between our lives that he would instantly be able to tell me his version of my story and how he dealt with it. This was the reinforcement I needed to prove to myself that everything was going to be okay. I was in good hands.

Don't get me wrong, not every session in 4 years was pleasant. But every session was productive. He knew how to see past my BS. He knew how to get to the core of the issue. And the amazing thing was that the days that I thought I had nothing to talk about were the days that we made the most progress.

Basically, when you don't think you have anything to talk about, it's usually because you have been trained to see past your BS. This means that you can actually start making some significant forward movements. 

Now, after 4 years of treatment. I am feeling fantastic and it is thanks to Louis. My goal when I started therapy was as follows:

To be myself without reservation, without shame, and without apology. 

Louis helped me to do these things by supporting the work I did as a vlogger. He helped me to talk publically about dealing with anxiety. He helped me to turn my weakness into a super power.

Now...

Today, while on a hike, I found out that Louis had passed away via the internet. I hadn't heard from him in few weeks and decided to give his office call. His message had been replaced with a referral service. I instantly typed "Obituary Louis..." and discovered that he had passed away 3 days ago, and I had just missed his funeral earlier in the day. 

The feelings came rushing in, but there was no Anxiety. It was just a combination of sadness and joy. As I walked through the park, I cried and laughed - I must have looked like a crazy person. 

I cried because I lost a great friend. I laughed because I was full of joyful gratitude. He saved my life. And, to me, gratitude is displayed as laughter with tears.

I decided that, while I missed his funeral, that I would place flowers at his office door. His office was right next door to a supermarket; so I ran in and got some flowers and a card. I quickly returned to my car and added the line... "Louis was a blessing in my life."

I exit my car and head towards the building only to be accosted by a parking attendant for the supermarket, "You can't park here...". I turn with flowers in hand, "My friend is dead, I just want to show him some respect." 

We argued a little and I told the attendant, in a frustrated tone, "Fine! I will move my car!" I could tell that he was kind of regretting telling me to move the car, due to the circumstances, but I just didn't have the time or energy.

I ran up the stairs to Louis' office, placed the flowers and the card at the door, and returned to my car. All I could think of is that Louis would have wanted me to apologize to the parking attendant. 

I drove toward the attendant... He looked me in the eye as I approached. Probably thinking I was going to flip him off or something. But I channelled my friend and said, "I want to apologize. I was a jerk to you. My friend died and I am a little upset. But he trained me to see when I am spreading my pain around. You were just doing your job." 

The attendant told me, "I am feeling really bad about this..." I told him "I am sorry for making you feel bad, but I am grateful to you because you have helped me to see that the lessons, that my friend taught me, will always be with me. 

Louis will always be with me, as my shoulder angel.

Thank you Louis. 
I love you! 
godspeed my brother.