Your feelings are uncomfortable, but they are not dangerous.
You have a choice when it comes to your feelings. Your body is releasing stress hormones because it thinks you are in danger because you have trained it to think it is in imminent danger. 

I know, because I trained my mind and body to do the same thing.

Accept your feelings for what they are: physical sensations sent by your brain to bluff you because it doesn’t know any better.

Choose which thoughts you follow. When the negative thoughts come, let them come but just don’t follow them because they too are a bluff. A pattern you have fallen into.

If you want something to remind yourself that it’s a bluff, like a prescribed emergency medication or a recording or a mantra or whatever, use it, but accept your feelings and choose your thoughts. You have that power, it’s just buried under anxious nerves.


Full disclosure, I’ve always been anxious as long as I remember. I’ve been medicated for about 7 years now but have never attended therapy (working on it, American healthcare and all that). Recently I have had more panic attacks than ever before, or at least that I’m aware of (looking back I may have chalked some up to being high or drunk as a misguided youth).

But this last time I just happened upon the work of Clair Weekes by way of youtuber Wonderbro.

I don’t mean to say that you don’t need medication or therapy. That’s not what this is about. This is about the reality that those things can bring you to if you let them.

I had a panic attack one week ago. It was bad, I vomited. And like the previous attacks, every day since I have woken up only to have a feeling of dread and tension in my arms wash over me. But I am learning to accept these feelings for what they are: a bluff.


On top of that, I’m giving up caffeine and alcohol to help myself heal, I’m going to hold myself to mindfulness meditation every day using the Oak app recommended by a friend.

I mean well and I hope this comes across the way I mean it.

Healing isn’t easy or fast but I believe all of us can do it.

Accept your feelings.

Choose your thoughts.