These 2 months: Broke up with my LTR, got an opportunity to study abroad, started dating my long time crush. Sounds perfect right?
To put this into context: I'm a creature of habit. My friends are restless and adventurous, but I'm happiest when life is going smoothly. So when you're reading this keep in mind that these drastic changes are more traumatic to me than they seem or should be. My life looks nothing like it did 3 months ago.

I was in my first ever relationship for 4 years with H. Things had been getting gradually worse for a year or two, and I really tried to fix it but finally decided to end it. We had become different people. Things had been going bad for ages so I don't have any lingering feelings for him.

A week after the breakup I got offered the opportunity to study overseas. I've never been away from my home town. I'm afraid of being terribly homesick. Part of me feels like this is a once in a lifetime opportunity and it would be stupid to give it up... the other part of me thinks I won't regret it much. I've never wanted to live or work overseas, I already have a good job in my home town I'm happy with. I'm pretty sure that I can fix things with work so that I'd keep my position when I get back though, so that's no excuse. I've been putting off deciding if I want to go or not because I felt like I'd made enough life-altering decisions for that month.

Last week (2 months after my breakup), after much flirting and anticipation I finally started dating a good friend and long term crush of mine, D. This guy has given me butterflies for the past year, and he means a lot to me. I know a week isn't much but it feels like more, because we were friends long before. We're so similar.

Life should be perfect, right?

I need to decide whether I want to apply for the thing abroad by end of November. I haven't told D about it yet. Everything's so great on that end, and I would hate to ruin it. Assuming we're still together I'd have to leave in 6 months time and be long distance for 3 months. And I'm not sure if I want to go in the first place. Homesickness.

And about D... I've been happy, I've had some butterflies, but sometimes when he looks at me with that massive smile I freak out inside. I know he's as crazy about me as I am about him. I don't have any feelings for H but I think that this past year has really made me jaded and mistrustful of other people and most of all of myself. What if I mess this up? D is really cutesy and romantic and I know that if I was okay I'd just love every minute of it, and I do, but sometimes it scares me.

I feel stuff with D is so new, I don't want to put it through all this stress. I know that if I tell him I would feel better, but it would make him feel worse. This should be my perfect happy moment but instead I'm crying as I write this. I thought I was holding it together better than I actually am. I wish I knew what to do.