Am I being ghosted or am I just impatient?
On January 31 a hiring manager offered to fly me out for an interview because one of the interviewers was going on vacation and they could not reschedule the interview. I accepted but I still had to dedicate a lot of time and resources as I woke up at 3:30 am (to get there for 9 am), spent $150 for the taxi’s in addition to preparing for the interview which I found out two days before was-not a traditional interview but-a power presentation on why was a great fit for the position. 

It went well and when I sent my follow up email I got a response asking if they could contact my references, which they did as one contacted me soon after.

On February 7th around 8 pm I found out I didn’t get the position but in the same email they stated that they were impressed with my profile and offered to put me in contact with another director in the company looking to hire for a similar role. In the email they asked that I follow up ASAP so, on February 8th around 12 pm I followed up by email stating that I would be thrilled to discuss the role in more detail and would like to hear any feedback they had regarding my application but I haven’t heard back from them since my last email. 

On February 10th, I noticed they removed the job listing for the position with the other director. I really don’t understand why because it was posted February 5th, less than a week.

I haven’t heard anything which is odd because prior to February 7th we exchanged 20+ emails and the hiring manager always got back to me the same day sometimes almost immediately. 

I don’t know what to do. This hiring manager knows everything about my education and experience since I have already been interviewed. I don’t have any skills left to demonstrate. However, I think a simple reply stating their intentions would be nice since I interviewed and also met the hiring manager and other staff in person.

I’ve gotten mixed feedback so far from family and friends. Some say I should wait one more week and then follow up but one of my coworkers said I should follow up on Monday. Should I follow up or should just move on?