I tried to kiss my interviewer! Are my chances ruined?
I (17 m) had my Yale interview today. The interviewer (25 f) was smoking hot, and we really hit it off. She very clearly liked me and seemed to be giving me “the look” left right and center. I honestly lost count of the amount of times she laughed at things that I said and she seemed to genuinely enjoy talking to me. We ended up chatting for nearly 3 hours, and most of our conversation wasn’t even remotely about Yale—just random things about ourselves. Towards the end of the interview, I had a strange urge to go in for a kiss. It’s as though I completely forgot that this was an interview for college, and my desires got the best of me. I guess I completely misread the situation too, as she immediately shouted “what are you doing?” as I was about to go in for it. I instantly apologized and we kind of ended things awkwardly then and there. I am really stressed out now about the repercussions of this; I put a lot of work into my Yale application and it would really suck if it gets fucked because of this. Am I screwed?

TL;DR: Tried to kiss my Yale interviewer at the end of our conversation. I massively fucked up.

Edit: I just emailed my interviewer and both thanked her for the conversation and apologized again profusely. Not sure if there’s anything else I can do at this point. ☹️

Edit 2: The fact that people think it’s a shitpost is only making me realize more and more just how much I’ve fucked up... 

Edit 3: Damn, well this blew up. The interviewer just responded to me and said she won’t hold it against me in her report and that she really appreciated my email. She also gave me several compliments in her response and said things that she really didn't have to--this convinces me that she genuinely has no intentions to ruin my application. I’ll be sure to provide an update on this when I receive my decision. Also, I realize that I kind of came across as a “sexual predator” in this post but I assure you that I am nothing of the sort. A dumbass? Yes. Predator? Absolutely the fuck not. I am fully cognizant of the stupidity of my actions but please believe me when I say that they were incited by nothing other than my misconception that the interviewer was attracted to me.