This is a cry for help...
My story is a little bit long so I apologize for that.
I'm a step away from suicide. I've been dealing with depression for at least 19 months now, and everything sucks.

Hi there. I'm a 19 year old boy from Iran. First let me make it clear that I'm an atheist and this is story isn't from a religious perspective. But Iran has a religious culture and government which has affected this story.

I grew up lonely. My mother and father were never there for me. They just had a lot of expectations from me cause I was a smart-ass kid. But they never really cared about the pressure they put me through or my feelings.

I started dating when I was 18. Yeah, a year ago. How did I start dating? It was my last year in high school and I was studying the shit out of myself to get accepted in a great university. Just 5 months before the big test, I was so sick from the pressure. I needed someone. I needed someone to love, someone to love me. my family sucks. So I started dating this girl who was the same age I was. 


One thing I need to explain to you guys is that relationships in Iran are really different from Europe or USA. They proceed a lot faster. I know it's wrong. But it's part of the modern/religious culture that you live in.
For example you have to say "I love you" in the first month. Crazy, isn't it?
Also most relationships in iran don't include sex. Cause most people in iran believe that hymen test is scientific. 
And doctors are making money of this myth. Fuck.


So I started dating her and we dated for 2 months. I became extremely obsessed with her. I loved her so much. Please don't judge me for that. It was my first serious relationship and I completely fell in love.
She told me the same.
But after 2 months she told me that she can't get her ex out of her mind and broke up with me. Making me realize I was just a rebound. 

I spent the next 8 months completely depressed. I can describe my mood like instead of blood, some sort of black ink was being pumped into my vessels. I spent nights crying and punching the wall. I moved to another town for college. Dated 3 more girls but I couldn't love them and I still wanted that specific girl.

I dropped out of college and moved back to my hometown to my family to start studying for the big test again and get accepted in a university. 
How did that happen?

8 months after my breakup, While I was spending my days and nights depressed as fuck, I saw something on Instagram. 
A girl from my hometown whom I had a crush on for a year followed me on Instagram. 
I saw her post and stories to know her better, and she was EXACTLY my type. Her taste in music, her beliefs (atheist) and her style and her face. She was kinda "the one". As Persian names are not familiar to you, I refer to her as "Jane". And, I refer to myself "Jack".

I started talking to her on Instagram, and we hit it off.
I reached one of my girl-friends who knew her. And asked her if Jane is single. She said she got back together with one of her ex boyfriends, and that guy is a fucking douche. He had convinced Jane that their breakup was her fault and she needed to grew up. Jane is also 19, and the guy was 20.
That guy was driving Jane crazy. He disrespected her in every possible way and didn't care.

I saw that as a great opportunity that when they breakup again, I can date her and treat her the way she deserved to be treated. So I waited.



But the next day, that friend told me that Jane asked her: "did Jack say anything about me to you?"
She said no, but told her that a long time ago she heard from one of her friends that "Jack is into Jane".

She told me that the moment she told that to Jane, Jane got very happy and excited, and told her that she has a crush on me too.

I couldn't believe what I heard. I wanted her but she was into me too? 
I spent a week chatting with Jane on Instagram. She was absolutely amazing. 

So, sick of depression and everything, I took a leap of faith. I dropped out of college and moved back to my hometown. 
A few days later, I heard jane broke up with that asshole because of me. 
I started dating her and we dated for 2 months.

Finally, I was happy after a long time. I was living in heaven. She was so perfect that I was finally happy for a short time in my entire fucking life. I totally forgot about my ex girlfriend and fell in love with Jane.

Note: Jane is one month older than me.

I lost my virginity to her. We had sex for 3 times when we were dating. So I became kinda attached to her, you know?
I loved her and she loved me sooo much. We couldn't get enough of each other.
Something to add, she was extremely jealous. I thought that was really cute and adorable cause it shows that she cared for me but, our relationship got toxic.
She fought with me a few times about those 3 girls I dated in the past! I explained to her that they meant nothing to me and our fights ended with her saying "I love you"

One night she told me she loved me so much. But if she sees that I'm flirting with other girls and stuff, she will breakup with me cause she can't tolerate that. I kissed her and told her that there is nothing she needs to worry about.

And I meant it.
I was 100% loyal and honest to her. 
But one time one of my friends (girl) from my ex-college  commented on one of my Instagram posts "miss you".
The next day, I realized Jane flirt flirted with a few guys. 
I asked her what the fuck was going on, and she said I started it.
I was heartbroken, told her that was a misunderstanding, and she apologized, which I accepted.
But, I was heartbroken cause I couldn't believe Jane wasn't loyal and committed to me.

One night, she told me that she's scared cause she feels like she is one of those girls who meant nothing to me. I told her she was insane and I'm in love with her.
 
Until one day when we were at one of my friends house and we were alone, I started making love to her. we didn't have much time so she got pissed off and told me that I was so selfish and I just wanted her for sex and left.

This led to our breakup. The next few days we fought and she started flirting with other guys.
I couldn't believe everything was falling apart. 

She told me that she loved me so much but she thinks that I don't love her so her love for me has faded away.
She told me that her personality makes her want to date older guys and I've been acting like a kid.

Break: can you believe age is this much important for girls in Iran? Well you can't blame them cause they have a lot of father issues,  but I really didn't expect it from Jane.

I couldn't believe what I heard. I was totally mature and loyal and honest about our relationship and the person who was acting like a kid was Jane the whole fucking time. But I got accused of "acting like a kid".

We broke up and she blocked me on everything. It's been 3 months since we broke up and it happened in the worst possible time.
I couldn't hangout with my friends to ease the pain cause of quarantine. I was lonely the whole time.

After quarantine was finished in Iran, I started hanging out with my friends and stuff but there is still a crushing pain deep down in my chest.

And you wanna know something funny? I heard she got back together with that asshole who treated her like shit.

Obviously knowing that she is this much immature made me realize I don't love her anymore. 
But I still miss that feeling. I miss being happy in a relationship. I miss being in love.

I've been seeing a therapist since we broke up and she helped me to ease the pain a lot but, I'm still extremely depressed. 

I can't study, I can't workout, my appetite is fucked up, my sleep schedule is fucked up, I can't enjoy anything. 

I want to be happy again. I want to enjoy being single. I want to put my career and studies above my dating life but I just fucking can't cause it seems like I'm still seeking for the love and attention that my parents never gave me.

Please help me. 
Save me from this living hell.