I don't like where I'm living and I can't find cheap or free things to do here.
I've honestly never been happy with Florida.  I was born and raised in Daytona and have lived in Miami for the past 2.5 years of college.  I feel like I'm letting the city itself keep me from really living my life to the fullest.  I have a good circle of friends, I'm a pretty social guy (but also an introvert), I like trying new things, but a lot of times I feel like my city doesn't offer many new things to try.  Certainly, everything I see that's interesting is really expensive.  I go to South Beach sometimes with friends, which is fun, but I can't always do the same thing.  I've tried Lincoln Road, everything is really expensive, I've become a regular member of my rock climbing gym (but most months don't have money to renew my membership), gone to the Everglades and hiked (there's a half-mile trail and it takes over an hour to get there from campus), and been to bookstores and record stores, most of which are tiny and cost way more than online shopping.  I'm not interested in the Ultra Festival.  When I asked a question about no-money-fun on the Miami subreddit using a throwaway, people laughed and said the best way to not spend money in Miami is to leave Miami.  I've had the same reaction from peers and adults I ask.

The thing is, it seems like the friends I've made since I've been here aren't interested in adventure, and aren't willing to try new things.  I know this is closed-minded of me to think, but I'm getting the sense that it's kind of like that in Miami in general.  Maybe I haven't been hanging out with the right people, but every time I recommend something new instead of routine to any friend group I'm with, I get a strong negative reaction, or called a hipster.

I used to think depression was causing me to hate whatever area I lived in, but I'm not a depressed person anymore and I still hate Miami.  I also love other places I've been to, like Asheville, in a way I didn't love Miami in the times I visited before attending school here.

So, I can't wait for graduate school which will hopefully be out of the area.  In the meantime though, what do you guys do to make the most of the areas you live in?