To all the sad and lonely singles out there
Date and treat the f**k out of yourself, and do it often.

I too feel the void at times, especially now that it’s summer and I have more free time, but I’m filling it with things that make me happy.

I used to want to do so many first things with my eventual first SO, but I’m 21 going on 22 and I’m not going to put my life on hold.

While I’m waiting to meet that special guy I’m doing all the things I’d want to do with a partner.

Today I went strawberry picking with a friend and tonight I drove down by myself to a really cozy college town in my state. I’ve been craving this particular ice cream for several months and went to the parlor that makes the best ice cream I’ve ever had. 

At first it felt a little strange and slightly sad, probably because the only other time I’ve been there was with a guy I used to date (no more feelings though because he was truly terrible but I’m glad I got a good ice cream spot out of it), but also because there were couples everywhere. 

But that feeling didn’t last long. The weather was great, I found a nice seat outside, walked around after and then listened to one of my favorite podcasts on the drive back.

Being single doesn’t suck as much when you date yourself. 

Plus I got to just spontaneous jump up and do whatever it was that I wanted to do and when I wanted. And there’s a lot of good and comfort in that freedom and flexibility.

Just thought I’d share because I’ve been seeing a lot of posts lately about people who’ve never been in relationships and people having a hard time being single.

Edit: Thank you for all of your responses and for sharing your stories and advice and perspectives. I believe I read them all. Work has been busy so I haven’t really been on here much. I may try to respond to some. Ironically, in the time since I posted this and now I’ve met someone. I decided to dabble in online dating although I really don’t prefer it and I met someone. So far we click really well and he literally checks off every single character trait I’m looking for. It seems like once I became okay with being single and started to have fun while still keeping an eye open, I found someone. We’ll see how it goes!