Can I just have a rant?
Would love some like minded folks to understand where I'm coming from. This YouTube video I saw yesterday has had my head spinning.

This guy posted about "Why he chooses to live in a $50k a year apartment."

It was not a jealous rage click. Especially when it's not a "Look at how much money I make. And I'm better than you" video that seems to be flooded on YouTube lately. 

I clicked because it sounded interesting. I was hoping for a video about features of the apartment. Why it's so expensive. Why he chose it.

He spent 30 seconds on that. And all he mentioned was location, and hardwood flooring and his pool table.

It then turned into a 12-15 minute lecture on "Don't be poor".

This man had his parents help throughout all of college. Started working for *Google* at a young age, in some well paying tech position. He said that everyone needs to live at home with their parents. Swallow their pride and just do it until they have enough money saved up.

Which I was letting slide. It was annoying that he was presenting this as something everyone can do. As I was very lucky to live with my parents again in the past couple years. After previously not being able to. Not everyone has that option. And I was miffed that he couldn't see past his own experiences. But moved on. Hoping he'd get back to the apartment. The thing stated in the title.

No. He goes on to say the biggest barrier to living with your parents is the stigma. And people will think you're a loser. This man is so disconnected from how real conversations work that it hurts.

Gems from the video:

"Already have quite a few thousand dollars saved up after just a few months of living with your parents."

"Anyone can travel. You just have to want it bad enough."

"If you want to travel. Just live with your parents."

"All world travellers live with their parents."

"Doing laundry for one person is hard."

"You owe it to your parents to take care of them in their old age." 

No shade to people who plan to take care of their parents. But he completely ignored abusive parents. Parents who disowned  their children or kicked them out over being LGBT+ or atheist or not wanting kids or not agreeing to a certain marriage.

Ignored that people may have their own families. And don't have the resources to spare. Or may not have the financial means to take care of their parents. Or may not be in great health themselves. Or simply just don't have the spoons. Or simply don't want to.

Your parents are not entitled to your help in their old age. It is a nice thing if you can. But don't feel bad if you don't want to or want to but simply can't.

He straight up ignored all of these. We all owe it to our parents. Regardless of the situation.

More gems:

"I get that $80,000 a year is a lot. That's a full time job said for some people." Said in a way that he clearly believes that 80k is some sort of lower standard for the average American

I watched the video to the end. Hoping for a *tiny* shred of self awareness. Anything. Even just a token "I understand not everyone can do this."

Nope. Nothing. So I had to say something. I commented this (which is so much less than everything I wanted to say).

"I understand you mean well. But you presented your life as the standard for Americans. Your life is not the standard. So many people, fellow Americans. Do not have many of the opportunities you have, do not have good family members. Some people are abused by their parents. Some people are disowned for being LGBT+. Lots of people lost their safe and comfortable jobs in the '08 crash. Regardless of education or experience. Millions of American college graduates are underemployed or unemployed. It's incredibly hard to move to a better place with opportunity when you don't have the money in the first place, and a lot of companies don't want to take a chance on you when you don't have any experience and you're not already in the area. You seem to be a very critical thinker, but I fear you were not thinking about other people's situations. There are so many Americans struggling, and your video comes across as dismissive and naive.﻿"

This man works for *google*. A company that at least tries to be a little forward thinking and progressive. And he's so uneducated of the situation that millions of Americans are in. For example. This absolutely telling study.

"Nearly 80 percent of American workers (78 percent) say they're living paycheck to paycheck, according to a 2017 report by employment website CareerBuilder. "

I was a little skeptical at a survey done by career builder, because I feel like it would be skewed due to the people usually on the site. I found their press release and they shared their survey methodology: 

Survey Methodology
This survey was conducted online within the U.S. by Harris Poll on behalf of CareerBuilder among 2,369 hiring and human resource managers ages 18 and over (employed full-time, not self-employed, non-government) and 3,462 employees ages 18 and over (employed full-time, not self-employed, non-government) between May 24 and June 16, 2017 (percentages for some questions are based on a subset, based on their responses to certain questions). With pure probability samples of 2,369 and 3,462, one could say with a 95 percent probability that the overall results have sampling errors of +/- 2.01 and +/- 1.67 percentage points, respectively. Sampling error for data from sub-samples is higher and varies.

Source: http://press.careerbuilder.com/2017-08-24-Living-Paycheck-to-Paycheck-is-a-Way-of-Life-for-Majority-of-U-S-Workers-According-to-New-CareerBuilder-Survey


So yea. That video had me very miffed. And was a bunch of "Don't be poor" coming from someone who doesn't understand that he's had situations that many Americans would consider themselves lucky to have. And I did not expect to be slammed with an ignorant person lacking *any* self awareness when I clicked on a simple video.

Lesson learned. Rich people on YouTube suck.