I am riddled with anxiety every day because I’m scared of getting fired again. What do I do?
It’s almost all I think about any day. The littlest things will make me anxious. Some back story:

I’m a front end web developer. I live in a medium sized city, about 2 hours from a major US city. I’ve been fired from my last 3 jobs and it has riddled me with anxiety. 

1. When I graduated high school, I got a job at a small agency as a developer. I was their first employee, and at 18 that was a lot to handle because immediately i was made everyone’s “superior” that they hired after me. I managed the sales team and dev team. We hired an intern who’s uncle was extremely wealthy. She had a horrible attitude problem and made working with her not fun. After multiple complaints and attempts to talk to her as well as stress from missing a deadline, I eventually snapped and yelled at her. I didn’t swear at her, just yelled. She was so offended by it she complained to the owner and threatened to quit and I then got “laid off” to “protect the company” from her scary uncle. 

2. I was burnt out from the headache that job was and went into IT. I got a job at a local hospital and got fired for being on my phone too much. What was funny was that I was not on my phone any more than anyone else was, in fact we really didn’t have much to do other than be on our phones, but being 19 for whatever reason I was singled out. I will take the blame on that as I shouldn’t have been on my phone at work.

3. Worked at a fortune 50 company in IT. Worked there for 3 months and was fired. Absolutely no idea why. At that point, I was so scared of getting fired I just simply went into work, did my job, and left. My job was in a call center answering IT phone calls. Everyone I closely worked with liked me, never had an issue with anyone. One day on a Thursday I went in, my badge didn’t work, and all my stuff was in a box. They refused to tell me why and to this day I have no idea why I got fired. 

Today, I moved to this new city and am a developer again. I work at another agency and it’s a good job. I like the people I work with. I want to start my own agency one day and this is a great opportunity for me to learn more about how bigger agencies operate. 

However, this agency is going through some “growing pains”. They’ve fired 4 people in the 2 months I’ve been there including the person I replaced. This is not a good feeling. I get super anxious all the time. All day I am riddled with anxiety. It hasn’t gotten to the point where it effects my performance, but I’m terrified I’m doing something wrong always. If my boss messages me in a weird way I freak out. Today I swear she was acting weird and it had freaked me out. I know they will continually bullshit me and act like it’s fine until they fire me because the girl they fired on Friday didn’t even know it was coming. I’ve made attempts to check in and ask how things are and they say i’m doing great but I don’t believe them. The last 2 jobs I had management said how awesome I was doing and then they fired me days or weeks later. 

This is not healthy but I don’t know what to do. I can’t keep sitting here with this much anxiety because i’m scared to get fired. I don’t have any savings because every time I get fired I have to drain whatever savings I have to not be homeless. I finally have paid down the majority of my credit card debt but the idea of having 0 savings and no other income is scary. I don’t know what to do. This whole firing people is a huge red flag.