Managers at new job give me anxiety??
I work at a tea shop and have had prior experience at a different cafe. I got hired, I assume, because of my prior experience. The place I work at now is relatively new, having been opened at the beginning of the year, and I know that they want to uphold a good reputation within the community so it's important for the owners (the 3 of them own/manage the store) to keep the drinks in consistent flavor and quality.

I know that they probably had high expectations since I've worked at a different cafe before and therefore have had similar experience, but the thing is that the process for making drinks are radically different. I do have some transferable skills, but for the most part 90% of getting things done right is memorizing the new recipes and techniques.

So far I've worked 3 shifts (technically 4 but my first shift was mostly training so it wasn't a full shift of me working). Today was my 3rd shift.

The issue I'm having is that 2 of the 3 managers are giving me anxiety about messing up. Again, I know that they want their products to be the best that it can be, but it doesn't help when I can tell they're getting angry at me for it. When I get anxious, my mind pulls blanks and I stand there staring, trying to think about what to do but at the same time my mind isn't thinking at all. It just freaks out. I've only worked with the 3rd manager once and because he was so chill, I was able to relax and think through the recipes. I only made one minor mistake that day. I know he oversaw me make drinks, I know I didn't struggle as much as I did today.

For example, there are "cheat sheets" on the wall to help baristas make the drinks. There was a seasonal drink I had to make, and being new, I was looking at the wall to double check to see how to make it. My manager saw me and mentioned something like, "You're still looking at those? That's not good." and shook her head, despite this drink being a "special" drink. To me this was absurd because a) I'm new, and b) no one taught me how to make this drink; it's not a staple drink that is popular and is in stock year round so I'm sure even the baristas that had been there for a while would have to take a peak at the recipe. But the comment that bothered me the most today was when the other manager said to me, "if you worked at another tea place shouldn't you be picking up on this faster?"

I don't know how to calm myself down when they watch me make drinks anymore. It's a minimum wage job, it's close to my house, and I'm a college student who needs money. I'm terrified to get back to work or even to get fired, and after today I was debating on quitting before they get the chance to fire me.

Is it normal for managers to be this passive aggressive or am I just freaking out? Is it worth it to stick with this job or should I find a different one/quit??