My cat just died.
Hey, just bummed and wanted to tell somebody about my cat. Don't really know what to say other than she was the fucking coolest. She was a shop cat. She lived at my dads shop where i spent most of my time after school and stuff and since five years ago have been working there full time. So i see her almost every day. We got her fourteen years ago when one of the employees dropped her off and we knew instantly we'd keep her forever. I was 10. She was just so chill. Never bit or scratched, you could just pick her up and hold her however you wanted and shed just cuddle up against you. Lately i've been the one opening up the shop. Every morning she'd meet me by the front and chase me back to the shop.  I'd hold her at lunch everyday, it was the best way to stop her from trying to steal your food. It got bad probably two weeks ago. She was completely fine until one day she came in and was just really out of it.  Super lethargic and dazed looking. When we took her to the vet they told us she had pretty bad kidney failure. Which isn't uncommon in cats i was told. They kept her for a bit and gave us new food to put her on. She wouldn't eat it. She had been so used to people giving her junk foods and treats and stuff. She had everyone in that shop wrapped around her little paw. She refused to eat the new healthy stuff. The weight just fell off. She was just skin and bones instantly. She had been off and on the last week or so. Some days she was a little more lively and some days she hardly stood up. Today she couldn't breathe. It sounded like she couldnt catch her breath. Ragged and short. We knew it was time. We took her in and petted her while they put her down.  We buried her at the shop, in a patch of grass she liked to lay in.  The worst part is,  more or less, we killed her. Her whole life we gave her cheap hard dry food. It just destroyed her kidneys. She was only 14 which is a decent age but she deserved much more time. All it would have taken was nicer food. Im sorry milly. I love you.