Nobody knows who I am. Remember me. Please.
I'm sorry this is so long.

Nobody knows who I am. I haven't had a friend in years. I don't remember what friendship was like. When I talk to people, something always feels off, as if I'm speaking a different language or something. I just want someone to know me. It's so lonely and cold and empty and I just want to scream so loud that I hurt myself.
I was born in Alabama. I was an accident, my dad was and still is a meth addict. My mom is great and has raised me all these years. She left my real dad when his addiction got too bad. I was about 2 or 3, maybe younger. We moved to a new town, she met a new guy. My step dad. He was good at first. We moved to Texas for his new job, he broke. 
Something in his changed. He became abusive. He didn't hit me, and he only hit my mom once, but he was verbally and emotionally abusive. She was with him from when I was in first grade to fifth grade. 
He started storing food and water in his room. Note, his room. My mom slept in my room with me because she hated him. He thought we were going to poison him. 
Both him and my mom became alcoholics during this time, and would drink bottles of wine and then scream at each other all night.
Even though I was going through this, those were the happiest years of my life. Or maybe I'm just looking back with rose tinted glasses. At school I had so many friends and everyone liked me. Everyone though I was funny. 
In fifth grade my depression and anxiety started. I started to realize I was fatter then my friends and it hurt to think about. They started making fun of me for wearing undershirts instead of bras.
 My best friend was a boy named Ben. I loved him and I still do. I think about him a lot. His dad forced him to stop being my friend because it was "gay" to be a close friend with a girl. He pushed me away and now he's gone. 
I got chosen to do a speech at my school assembly because everyone liked me. It was for a pep rally. I was supposed to announce the winner of the fundraiser or some shit like that. They changed it at the last second, had some random old guy who donated to the school announce it instead. So they made me go up there with no plan and just wing it. I froze and everyone laughed at me. Or maybe they didn't, I don't know what's real and what's my anxiety imagining things anymore. 
I started lying a lot around this time too. Not to my parents, by to everyone else. I made up elaborate fake lives, I still do. They're nothing special, just, different.
My mom divorced my step dad in fifth grade. I had to keep visiting him for a while. He had completely lost it by then and would probably have killed us both if we hadn't left. One time I was at his house, my old house, and tried to run away because I was scared of him. He caught me and called the police on me. I don't know why. My neighbors were watching and called my mom. They were good people. 
The policeman got there and said I was lying. He told me my mom was putting all the thoughts of abuse in my head. Then, he forced me to hug my step dad while I screamed and cried in fear. That memory is one of the worst ones I have. He left, and I had to stay at my dads house still. 
He blackmailed my mom into giving him everything. The money, the car, the house, my dog. Just out of spite. I miss her. Her name was ginger. She'd probably be around 10 years old right now if she is still alive. I don't know if she is. I miss her even after all this time. We packed everything into a cheap car and moved back to Alabama. I lost everything. 
I started to realize I was different in middle school. I did weird things, I acted weird. I would touch other people's hair becuase I liked the way it looked. I still acted like a very young child even at 11. Don't know why. I didn't have a single friend in 6th grade. 
In 7th grade, I became truly depressed. I did ha e someone though. Her name was Mary. She's gone now too.
In 8th grade, I had a bigger group of friends. Everyone still thought I was weird though. I still did weird things, dressed weird too. I know there's probably something wrong with me but my mom is too scared to take me to a doctor to get diagnosed. She thinks medicine is bad. Pills specifically. That's why I'm not allowed any anti depressants either. 
When highschool started, my social anxiety was so bad that I started homeschooling. The homeschooling laws are so lax in Alabama that I barely did anything except play the sims all day. 
In 10th grade, we became poor. Lost the car, lost everything almost. She got a new job in Ohio, we moved again. I lost all of my friends again.
I homeschooled at first, then started going to the local highschool. I thought everything had changed, that I could be normal. It was hell. Everyone hated me. My favorite memory is when I walked into a room to get something, only to hear "does she seriously dress like that? Wow.". It hurt. We were still pretty poor and I was doing the best I could. All of my clothes were from goodwill. There was one guy there who was nice to me. His name was evan. I hope he has a good life, he was one of the best people I've ever met.
Luckily I'm kind of smart and got into a program that let me start college early, so for 11th grade that's what I've been doing. It's so lonely. It's so fucking lonely I just want to scream and scream and scream but I can't. I've never know what it's like to be in love with someone who loves you. I've never kissed anyone or even held hands or anything close. I feel so fat and ugly all of the time even when people tell me I'm not. I posted on amiugly and everyone said I was pretty, I thought it would help but it didn't. 
I've become very paranoid. I'm scared all of the time that people are out to get me, that my life is a simulation, that I'm dead. I talk to myself. Either comforting words telling myself it's ok or long spiraling sentences about what a disgusting fat cunt I am. I'm scared.
I told my mom about the depression, and the anxiety. She doesn't know I'm suicidal. That I've been planning out what best way to end it for months. I can't go to therapy. There's a huge scholarship learning abroad program I'm signing up for and they won't let me go if I'm a fucking loon. 
So I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place. The only reason I haven't ended it is because I want someone to remember me, to mourn me, other than my mom. 
I have a sister. I only found out about her when I was 11ish. She's my half sister in my dads side. I don't know how old she is anymore. I was so happy to meet her. It was so good to have a sibling. I felt like I had a real family. She left for college and immediately stopped talking to me. I haven't heard from her in years. The last thing she texted me was a happy birthday text a few years ago. I miss her. She was good. 
Her and my dad won't even know I'm dead. My last birthday was sad. I had been planning out my sweet 16 for years. I didn't have any birthday parties for years because I wanted to have one big one. When it finally came around, I didn't have anybody to invite. It was just me and my mom. I ate some cake, opened my presents, and played video games. Not terrible at all, but not what I had been dreaming of since childhood.
I'm supposed to turn 17 next month. March the 20th. Please remember me. Please if you have the time, read my story. You'll be the only people to know it except for me. I hope you remember me. I just want someone to know me again. It's so cold being alone.

Goodbye
-mimi 


Edit: 
I didn't think people would care this much. The support I have received from all of you is legitimately amazing. So, thank you. I think I'm going to try and get some help, even if I have to put my studies on hold. Im trying to reply to everyone, sorry that it's taking so long.

See you later
-mimi