Almost 30, a B S, working a crap job, and lost in how to start a career?
Okay, so background:

I'm almost 30. In highsschool, I was extremely bored and wasn't on any ADD/ADHD meds (on account of some bizarre self-reasoning I had) and wasnt pressured by my family to be anything other than myself. I'm an "artist" type and was always encouraged to pursue my creativity. I smoked a lot of pot, slept in class all day, and took the slacker route out of a place I truly loathed being at. I graduated early and never took higher level maths, foreign languages, the SATs, and had a GPA of idk ...1.7 or something. 

Went to community college to basically do all the the general education stuff. I started taking medss and realized that I'm not an idiot....I honestly thought I was stupid. I figured out what I wanted to study, and made plans to study it. I chose industrial (product) design because it was a good marriage of my love for sketching, design, and keen sense of aesthetics with my problem solving abilities. I tried going to the local state college nearby that had that major, but it was really small and I didnt get in. I wanted to avoid a fine Arts college, because i didnt want to deal with being taught theory. I wanted to to go to a super awesome ($$$) school....but would have to spend time teaching myseld things to build a portfolio, likely be rejected, and then try multiple times. I was 23 at the time and felt like I had to go to school and had to go then, or else I never would. So, i chose a college out of state where I had a community of close friends, but also really dug the energy and creativity in the area. 

 I worked hard. I learned a lot. I set standards and a lot of my peers and mentor respected me. Towards the end, things got a little out of control in my personal life; I ended up moving home shortly after graduating. I knew the job market for me here (home) was going to be rough.....not a lot of options.....but I had no other choice.  After the first year, I gave up trying to relocate. Given my lack of experience, I wasnt even considered for non local positions. I applied and applied and applied to literally everything I saw that was remotely related to what I know how to do and that would also be good for my long-term career plans. 

The problem I found was because my background is in design, companies looking for entry level CAD or 3d Modeling people were more focused on engineering backgrounds, despite the fact that a good portion of my education involved mechanical engineering and technical designing. Given, it is something Id need to learn more about hands on, these are still entry level positions and I would not be in over my head.
 So, I sat around at my parentss house unemployed (an odd end job here or there) avoiding applying to work at large retailers. I eventually caved and have now been at one almost a year.

The problem:

I recently just had an interview (for the first time in months) thats so entry level its just cleaning machines.....but definitely in the realm of what im interested in doing. But, yet again, I hear nothing/rejected. I dont know exactly what it is Im doing so wrong. I'm smart; a fast and competent worker. I get stuff done fast, correctly, and notice the things everyone else misses. I would rock literally any job that doesnt involve customer service.....which isnt anything im applying for. I'm an organaizational mastermind and can compartmentalize tasks for efficiency like a motherf****r. I have communication problems and tend to not understand fully the impact of my statements, body language, or facial expressions. People often ask me if im okay when im thinking or dilligently looking for something. Theres a running joke in my closest circle of friends and family that im on the spectrum (autism).  The more advice I seek on professionalism, job applications, and etc....the more confused I get. Im not so discouraged I want to throw the towel in, I'm just so confused as to what Im doing wrong that I don't even know HOW to approach anything anymore. I work crap hours (7pm to 6am) and make $11 an hour. I can only afford to live because of cheap rent and my parents pay for my car insurance, phone, and a good percentage of my living expenses.  I'm always tired, my body is getting slowy wrecked from my job, and the longer I go not using the skills/software I learned in school, the farther I fall behind. What's the point of learning expensive precise technical software if you can't find a job using it? 

My feelings:

I feel like people falsely judge me . I feel passively discriminated against for being a woman. If I was myself, my personality, my everything.....except with a beard, a deep voice, and third leg....I honestly dont think Id be in the same position. If my face was different and not like a 12 year old doll face or if I wasnt so middle class and on paper uninteresting....I honestly feel like my experiences would be different. Or Im just fundamentally unlikable - not sure. I don't need tons of money to be happy....I just want to contribute what I have to offer and actually use my potential in any capacity vs watch it wither away.  I'm pissed that our society breeds this kind of discontent. Highly capable and intelligent people who need to be challenged in life but arent industrious/smooth/lucky enough to actually sew the seeds they were born with. How efficient or advanced is a society that fails at utilizing its citizens to their full potential and ends up promoting and rewarding charlatans to the point there is a phrase "fake it until you make it" (until you go to jail). ?

I'm not necessarily looking for advice - unless you have something worthwhile to say. Really, I just want to hear anyone else's story who experiences my frustration. So, am I alone in all this?