My roommate is pregnant and in jail. Now I'm home alone with her boyfriend, who I hardly know.
This is suuuuch a long story so there may be a wall of text. Bare with me.

So I'll start with this. My pregnant roommate is E and her boyfriend is A.

We met A when E and I first moved to Idaho from California. He was quiet, shy, but really cool. So fast forward until about two months ago. E and A start dating and he tells her that he had a malignant tumor removed from his testicles a couple years back, making it hard to produce children. E has ALWAYS wanted kids, but she accepted it and continued the relationship. So about 3 weeks ago, I went to go buy a pregnancy test for myself and she mentioned she hasn't gotten her period in over a month, but she wasn't even considering that she could be pregnant, given A's medical history. I bought a 2 pack. One for me and one for her. Hers came back positive, mine negative. Even though she wanted to be married first, she was ecstatic. How could she not be? The guy only had a 7% chance to make a baby, right?

He's sleeping as this is happening, so she goes to wake him up to tell him the amazing news! What does he do? Wakes up, acknowledges her, and goes right back to sleep. For someone that has that small of a chance to get someone pregnant, he sure seemed totally lax about it. 

Next day, he starts to seem more excited. Maybe he was just tired. Whatever. 

Recently, he's been giving E a lot of shit for staying in contact with her ex husband. Totally acceptable. She still talks to him for multiple reasons. He is the one person that knows her best in this world, and he has being seeing a therapist due to his military related PTSD and she wants to make sure he's doing okay. They don't talk often.

He has threatened to leave of she doesn't cut him out of her life. She tried explaining that she would like to ween herself off him, because he has always been her best friend. A has threatened to leave her, pregnant or not, multiple times. 

So today, I got a Facebook message from someone that has deleted their profile, so it just said "Facebook User" with no picture or anything. This is what it said:  

"Tell your friend. (E) to check her messages in the OTHER folder I sent her a very informing message.. or better yet you send it to her if you care about your friend.

Just to let you know [A] has a kid he prolly hasn't even mentioned to you.. he hadn't mentioned to me neither. He is a pathological liar and most of the things that comes out of his mouth are nothing but lies.. he is what? 30 now and has accomplished nothing and you seriously need to get Tested for Hep B and HPV im just letting you know for your babys sake or unless he lied about that too. He is a cheeter and lies to make himself look cool. He prolly even told you he wrote a song about you and its the same song that he sings to every girl.. wich he doesn't play well at all. You will see his true colors eventually girl im just giving you a heads up. All he does is live off of others and cause drama. He even slept with his brothers wife and prolly still does. I was only 17 when we were together and he was 29 but told me he was 22.. keep that in mind. you need to look in his facebook messages so you can see what he has been writing to me saying he is just with you because he doesn't want to be alone and other things... go check it out... His brother was the one who told me about his kid he doesn't even try to see so I contacted the girl and she told me he was running from child support and not once has he seen his daughter but yet he tells people he cant have kids because he has ball cancer wich is a total lie by the way! her name is lauren magby if you want to look her up and ask her about it. 


give her this message please!! thank you! (:"


So, naturally, I tell E about it. 

Long story short, they fought and he grabbed a knife and threatened to kill himself, blah blah, he trie to take her laptop from her so she pushed him. Then when she read Facebook messages of him blatantly flirting with other girls that were sent TODAY, she threw a styrofoam cup of coffee at him and now she's in fucking jail. He officially moved in about 2 weeks ago, so I just have to deal with him...and I can't believe a fucking word that comes out of his mouth now...  

Edit: Also forgot to mention, I have extreme confrontational anxiety. But when a knife became involved, I went in to where they were (in her bathroom) and said, "Did I just hear there's a fucking knife involved now!?"

A: "No"

E: "Yes, he sitting on it!"

A: Wo cares, I'll only be hurting myself!"

Me: "Are you seriously implying that killing yourself wouldn't hurt her!?!?"

A: "She's going to leave me!"

Me: "Anytime I've heard any mention of anyone leaving, it's been YOU threatening to leave HER! She is fucking pregnant! Man the fuck up!!!" 
Then I left for work.

Sorry, needed to get this off my chest because I normally vent to E. 

Tl;dr : My pregnant roommate is in jail because of her boyfriend who is my other roommate and I don't trust him.