I switched majors 3 times. I am about to switch again. Is this a good idea or am I being insane?
Hey, this story turned out pretty long so thanks in advance for reading it. 

Alright so most subjects in school didn't really interest me. I only liked Dutch, English and art. Unsurprisingly, my grades were quite bad. Luckily they were good enough to pass. 
After my graduation I had no idea what to study so I took a gap year and started working at Burger King (very impressive, I know). After a year I decided I wanted to study social work. Well that didn't work out for someone with social anxiety like me. I also didn't really enjoy the classes. After quitting I went back to working at the lovely burger heaven. I couldn't really stand that for much longer, so I started studying again. I picked goldsmithing for this. Yes, that made sense to me. See, I've always loved drawing and painting so I figured I'd do something creative. But I didn't enjoy the sawing, soldering and all the other technical aspects of the subject. After quitting I started working at a factory to "save up". Note: I used to spend my money like you would spend the toilet paper after eating an extra spicy burrito. At this point I went through a couple of miserable months. I eventually ended up at the airport with only 100 euros, about to go to Madrid. If it wasn't for my ex who stopped me, I would probably still be bathing in some Spanish ditch right now. Anyway, after this fiasco my friend suggested I should go for a course that allows me to only attend school once a week, while working the other 4 days. This seemed perfect for me since I would be able to achieve a certificate by experiental learning. The only subject that offers this kind of education here is cooking so I went with it. Bad decision once again, because man... I am way too dreamy and inattentive for this kind of job. It's also very exhausting and I get no free time anymore. So now, at the age of 20, I'm considering quitting again and starting a graphic design course, because I truly love design and I can seriously stare at a computer screen for lifetimes, trying to create a perfect photograph or logo. I also have a great passion for photography, but a lot of people can't really earn a living with that so I go for graphic design. I am really unsure about this though, because I'm afraid I will dislike this as well. Is quitting again a good idea, or will this just cause me to become used to giving up, rather than fighting? If I go for a new start, how could I get myself to make it work this time? Also, would it be a good idea to study the subject abroad?

Thanks again for reading this long ass post and here's an imaginary potato. :)