I need advice on an argument with my mom
Hey everyone. So recently I had an argument with my mom. Basically my mom and I don’t really get along great generally. The other day I was doing my homework. Mind you I always have a lot of homework due to the fact that I’m in high school and take many advanced classes. Anyways across the hall to my room is my brothers room. He is 14 and games. He was non stop talking very loudly to his friends on the mic and periodically yelling. I don’t have a door and neither does he so, I could here everything clear. I had asked him nicely to stop 2 or three times. He ignored I even said anything. Then I yelled for him to be quiet. My mother heard me yell and starting yelling at me to stop from downstairs to stop and that I was breeching her peace and to be quiet. I explained I was trying to do my homework and my brother wasn’t being quiet at all. She said he can play the Xbox whenever he wants and told me not to do my homework the last minute. She was aggressively telling me this. I was not doing my homework last min. I was doing it at the end of break because I wanted to enjoy my Christmas break. Doing it the last two days of my break gave me enough time to do my homework therefore it was not last minute. I said that is crazy and unfair. She then came upstairs and continued to yell at me saying she would call the cops on me. I said the cops would call her stupid for calling about me yelling at my brother to stop yelling. She said “NO YOUR BREECHING MY PEACE THATS A FELONY” I said you insane let me do my work leave me alone. She continued to yell saying he can play when he wants. She was mad at me for doing my homework while he was playing. I said he can play but I want him to be quiet. She continued to say he can play whenever. She said I’ve had 2 weeks to do my homework. I said he’s had 2 weeks to play the game. She replied yelling “NO no your doing it last minute he can play whenever he wants this is your fault. I continued to yell you’re crazy that’s not fair leave me alone let me work. She then ripped down my curtain rod my door that I got for Xmas (not from her) she didn’t get me anything and broke it, leaving me with nothing to cover my door way. Then she left. story of my life. Then she goes and talks with her friends, propaboy lieing about the situation. I hear her whispering to them today about it and say “it’s just the age” I’m so confused am I in the wrong here. Please help. When my older brother ever needed silence for work she enforced it always.