Refusing unsafe working conditions vs. coming into work - either way, my finances are screwed
x-post social work

 I currently have a non-patient care role at an inpatient facility. My governor ordered that all non-essential/non-life sustaining workplaces shut down due to COVID-19. The geographic area I'm in has been hit very hard by COVID, so the shelter in place is absolutely necessary. As a healthcare facility, my workplace needs to stay open to continue to meet patient needs. However, my employer is taking the fact that the workplace is "essential and life-sustaining" to mean that every employee needs to continue to do their job physically in the facility. My position could be done from home, but my department's requests to telework have been denied. We got a memo that explained "all employees are essential employees" so therefore telecommuting during the pandemic is not allowed. Even though my job doesn't involve face-to-face patient interaction, I frequently walk past patients in tight hallway spaces, my department uses a patient lounge as a meeting room, patients often use staff bathrooms, etc. If COVID sweeps through our patient population, there's a high likelihood I could catch it if someone sneezes at the wrong time. My workspace is also not in compliance with CDC social distancing recommendations, so if my coworker one desk over gets sick, it's likely I would too. Did I mention there are several staff members currently on quarantine? Most likely, they passed COVID along to other employees before the health department ordered them to stay home.

On many levels, the fact we still need to physically come into work is so concerning. Many of our patients have conditions that affect their immune system, so it's in their best interest to limit the number of people in the building to reduce their chances of exposure. For the sake of the nurses, housekeepers, and dietary staff who do not have the ability to perform their roles remotely, it's also important to limit transmission and have anyone who can work remotely to stay home. This has been brought to management's attention, but we're being told it's not fair to have some employees work from home while others have to come in. Not fair?!!? It's not fair to our patients if we don't have enough nurses on hand because they contracted COVID from an asymptomatic billing staff member who was not permitted to telecommute. It's not fair to the housekeepers making $12 an hour if they incur thousands of dollars in hospital bills, all because they ran into a quality assurance staff member with COVID in a tight stairwell. (These are fictional examples, but they have the chance of becoming reality if things don't change). Of course, our safety as employees in telework-compatible roles is at risk, and any one/all of us could come down with COVID when we could have just stayed home and practiced social distancing. I'm concerned about a vulnerable family member of mine whose health could be needlessly jeopardized by my employers insistence that EVERYONE works in the office.

Because of the fact my telework request was denied, I now have a difficult decision to make. Management told me we have the right to refuse to come in if we don't feel safe, however once we roll through our PTO we would have to take the leave unpaid. My job/benefits would be held, but I would have no money coming in. The state of emergency could stretch on for months, so I am very concerned since my PTO will be gone next week. I can't afford to be off of work without income for a prolonged period of time, but I also can't afford to go to work and contract COVID. Outside of work, I have only been going out into public once a week to get groceries and gas, so if I take unpaid leave then my chance of getting COVID would be small. But in the event there happens to be airborne COVID particles in the checkout line, I don't know how I would afford my medical bills without any income. I have enough savings to last me for two months, but that is only if there are no emergencies during that time. My health insurance has a very high deductible, so if I get hospitalized I am absolutely screwed. Given the employees with COVID exposure at work, it seems likely I will get COVID if I return to work, but I would be in a (slightly) better financial situation to handle this.

It looks like we may be headed toward a global recession, so the idea of not working for several months is terrifying. I also have a family member who was laid off due to a COVID closure, and it's possible she could be unemployed for months. I may need to help her out financially in the event there are issues with her unemployment application. Then I ask myself: what would happen if I get permanent lung damage from work-acquired COVID and incur thousands of dollars in medical costs each and every year as a result? Or what would happen if the family member who lives with me gets it? They are in a high-risk demographic and the mortality rate is absolutely terrifying. Ten years from now, I don't want to be thinking to myself "if only I had stayed home from work..."

It feels irresponsible to take unpaid leave, but it also feels irresponsible for me to jeopardize my health and the health of my family. If only my employer agreed to let us work from home, this could all be avoided! I wish I knew an actuary who could run simulations of all the various scenarios that could happen if I go back to work versus if I take unpaid leave. It seems like there is no good solution, so at this point I am trying to choose the option that is "less bad." Is anyone in a similar situation right now?