My ex had me arrested, but I still love her :(

Hey everyone, this is my first post here. I really need someone to talk to, but I cannot talk to anyone.

To get everyone up to speed I was in a relationship with a girl for about 9 months. The day I met her was the day I fell in love with her. Yeah it moved way to quick, but love, sometimes is dangerous. The only thing is there isn't a real reason why I love her. I just do. We never saw eye to eye on a lot of things, but we just loved each other. My mind is confused just saying that, but it's true.

She ended up moving in with me about 6 months into our relationship. I didn't want it to happen, but she was getting kicked out of her place so I was going to help her out. The problem is we were always disagreeing and arguing. I personally blame it on our overuse of marijuana. We HAD to smoke to keep our sanity.

I started to see she was bad for me. She lost her job and I was paying all the bills and was working 2 jobs. She complained that I never got her things and always thought I was cheating on her. I always tried to look past that and every day I just wanted to start fresh she wanted to start an argument. There have been too many long nights between us arguing and yelling. I just wanted us to work so badly so I endured the arguing. Everytime I would try to walk away from the situation she would follow me and keep instigating it.

So fast forward to our last month together she kept thinking I was cheating because I was always working. I really was always working and never tried to contact another female. In fact I deleted every girl out of my life on my contacts and Facebook/social media. I didn't even look at other girls in a sexual way ever. My body and mind and soul only wanted her. Well she keyed my car. So I knew that was the final straw and had to be an adult and tell her to move. I told her I am giving her a 30 day eviction and she needs to leave.

Her being jobless and soon to be homeless knew that this wasn't going to end well. So while I was at work she called the police and told them I was beating her. They came to my job and arrested me on the spot. I spent 2 weeks in jail and I am still dealing with house arrest. I am able to work but that's it my life is ruined at the moment. I lost my apartment and she destroyed my things while I was gone. The moment I got out of jail she was blowing up my phone and social media to get back with me, but under the court I am to have no contact with her so I blocked her number and ignored all her attempts to talk to me.

We have only been broken up for 2 months, but everyday she's on my mind about 60% of my day. It's killing me and I think the house arrest is making the problem worse because I can't go live my life. She is refusing to speak to the police so i am in the midst of waiting the 180 days they have to charge you. I am about 70 days in at the moment.

I recently just found out through a friend who saw her at a bar making out with this guy. Who she was around during the time we were together. She's obviously moved on, and I was moving on until I heard this news. The moment I heard it my heart sank and i have this feeling I've never had before. My mind is spinning over it. I want to cry, but I physically can't over the situation. I love this girl, and I don't even know why. It's really killing me on the inside she's already moved on even though she 'loved me so much and still does'. I can't speak to her and tell her anything, and I won't. I don't need or want to go back to jail. I just want these charges gone. In fact I'm not even charged yet. I'm just sitting, waiting.

I just wanted it to work so bad. Everyday I said to myself, it's a new day, let's put the problems to rest and just enjoy each others presence. She couldn't do that. God my soul hurts right now...