Go for master degree abroad or Continuing my career?
Hi guys,

I am facing a decision that can change what I will do long-term. I am 24 years old, working in the compliance (back-office) department of a major international bank in Hong Kong. I have been working there for 2 years after receiving my Finance/Statistics bachelor degree. The job's salary is really good as a uni graduate, but the job itself is boring and hasn't developed my skills and knowledge anymore, given limited and rather operational job scope of the team. The tasks that my seniors are doing are quite similar to my current tasks. In terms of international mobility within banking compliance, it is only possible in English-speaking countries where large financial institutions exist. Due to the prolonged political tension in Hong Kong, the development of the city is grim and the financial industry is shrinking. I don't feel that my job is safe and I am feeling empty after working in the field for 2 years.

Meanwhile, since a year ago I have been thinking about studying a master degree in Germany, which could improve my profile. I have been interested in studying and living in Germany since a long time ago and visited the country for a few times, the longest being 2 months in Berlin studying German. Recently I have reached B2 (upper-intermediate) level in the language, so it wouldn't take a long time to be fluent in it. Recently I have received an offer from the Technical University of Munich - Master in Management and Technology starting Winter 2020 (2-year program, at least), and wonder if I should take the offer and study again from November this year. In long-term I hope to stay in Germany and work there, hopefully in Tech-related area, maybe Fintech. As most of the students graduate at the age of 25-27 in Germany with a master degree, I hope it will be fine by the time I graduate.

My question is whether I should make this move, given that the current corona crisis and I am not sure if I can stay in the country for longer term. Hope to have your advice on what I should consider before I make my decision.