Has anyone noticed the pay rate go down?
I been thinking about leaving my current company for some time. And started to research my position at different companies. Looking at requirements, pay, company reviews, growth opportunity. Every position was offering 60 to 80k for my position. I started to apply at places and received a job offer making 80k. This was early march, new job was supposed to start beginning of april. But because of covid-19, the position was instead eliminated. 

I took the month of April to stop the job search since there was a hiring freeze anyways, and resumed a few days ago. Now, I'm seeing reposts and new posts for the same position offering 25 to 40k!!! Even the position above mine was once 100 to 150k and now 40 to 60k range! 


Also, not necessarily part of this but kinda, I received a call for a position above me. Offering $12 and hour! I apologized but said I could not accept anything below $24 an hour. This is just my basic cost of living. Essential bills, gas, food, and $100 in savings a month, no extras. I couldn't believe it. I know the economy is suffering right now but my rent isn't getting lower.

EDIT:

To the lowlifes who read my entire history and then try to openly discredit anything I say, first of all this is reddit!!!! Do you really think I use my real name? Or do you really think I'm going to be 100% specific about my actual life? No. This is an anonymous reddit. I may change small things but purely so it cannot be traced back to me. I have NEVER been a receptionist. And have NEVER said that. I am a woman in construction and it is all too true that many times more assistant/admin worked has been given to me despite what I do. I have worked unbelievably hard to get where I am. Unfortunately what I do and what my industry is, it is all too easy to find me. So yes, I'm a little vague in what I write. It's no crime. It is purely for privacy and safety reasons. This post has been the most honest. The position and industry I am in  THAT I STATE IN THIS POST is 100% FACT!!!!! I will not say what area of the US I am in for those privacy reasons.