Young doctor (29yo) with suicide thoughts
First, thank you for opening the post. I'm sharing a bit of my story to try to prevent bad things to happen to me. Please share your thoughts or advise in life. Summary is that I spent all my life savings trying to get trained in the greedy USA healthcare system, but to this day after 15 years of formal education and experience, I continue to be unemployed and financially useless, now struggling with COVID19 lockdown, depression and suicide ideas. 

Young male physician here, 29 yrs, from Latin America (yes, we also use reddit) I've been having suicide thoughts, but not currently depressed. I feel like a fucking failure in life.

Since school I aced exams, test, scores, got honors on my graduation, was extremely dedicated, learned guitar, learned english, I was always either the best or among the best and had high aspirations. Went to the University at age 16 and I stupidly decided to study medicine and become a miserable doctor, let me explain. Medicine is a TOUGH CAREER, very difficult. It is academically, mentally and economically demanding. The amount of stuff you need to study each year is massive, and drains you mentally, socially isolates you from family, friends, parties, relationships, etc.  A dark truth of a recent grad is that you are bullied by superiors or more experienced doctors, pretty much everywhere, medical residency is like that and I seriously suffered that BS during my 1-year medical internship, at that time they evaluated me, so I had no word to defend myself. But I graduated after 8 years of traning (in my country).

Escaping common crime violence in my country, I went to USA to become a doctor there, by passing the USMLE exams (the most difficult exams ever in my life) I spent 2 more years studying for those expensive exams, and another year getting doing unpaid clerkships to get experience and recommendations and connections. Life in the US as immigrant if TOUGH man! Nobody wants to employ you due to visa. You cannot earn any money. I did cleaning, mopping floors, dog walking and other odd jobs to support me (WHICH IS ILLEGAL AS FOREIGNER). When I had all the requirements, guess what? You have to pay fees of applications to participate in the selection process of residency in the USA each year, so I spent $5000 only in applications and flying tickets. I received few interviews in hopes to get a job, but did not get anything, and lost $5000. I tried again next year and the results were the same with same dollars lost. I felt fucking scammed, and to this day i'm still angry at my experience in the USA.  I spent like $70,000 of my third-world-hard-earned dollars in the whole process, paying rents, bills and educational courses to prepare and in the end the result was nothing. NOBODY WILL EMPLOY YOU IN HEALTHCARE IF YOU DON'T DO A RESIDENCY FIRST, which I failed to secure twice. And NOBODY will employ you at any job in the US if you are not citizen. 5 stupid years wasted + 8 years of home training.

I came back defeated to my country in hopes to get any job. I faced another reality and that is there are no jobs for doctors here, there are just too many doctors today. I lowered my life expectation even more and looked for any other job available, but then COVID-19 happened. My country is in lockdown, I'm quarantined, unemployed, with no money, no financial power, living with now elderly parents at my old home with rampant crime (paralized temporarily due pandemic), living off the charity of others, unable to move, unable to sleep due suicide thoughts, and writing this. Most of my classmates became specialists or got married or got jobs or moved to other countries. I feel like i'm in the starting line. I'm now almost 30 years old, indebted, single and poor. I'm ashamed of what I experienced, I'm ashamed to say I'm unemployed and have never had a real formal stable job, and still hunting for one. I'm a miserable unemployed doctor.

 You want to make it worse? Law in my country requires me to serve in the COVID emergency pandemic when system starts to collapse, totally UNPAID or I could be charged a fine or brief jail time.   

Failure is the word to describe what I am. I hate myself, I constantly punish myself for making bad decisions and I blame my extreme bad luck and also blame the silence of God despite me being religious. Education was in vain in my life. The only thing that prevents me from commiting suicide is my parents, but after I bury them, I think I might take the shot. 

I'm sorry you had to read the long post, sometimes I feel I did nothing wrong: I studied, I graduated, I behaved, I followed the rules (and also the USA rules) did not became an asshole, murderer or alcoholic or anything, but still life kicks me in the balls. Then why can't I be offered a fucking job? I no longer care about medicine, I no longer care about myself, but I might care in what you have to say, please react to my life story. I will read you thoroughtly