I need advice on a really difficult situation.
This is incredibly personal and long and I made a throwaway account just to get it off my chest, I’ve tried to omit any identifying details because of the nature of my story, but I had to get this out and honestly I don’t have anyone to talk to about this because really, I’m not the one who needs sympathy here. I have a dear friend, we’ll call him Noah, who has a twin brother we’ll call Jamie. I’ve known Noah and Jamie since we were children, we grew up together and our mothers were friends before Noah and Jamie’s mom died when they were teenagers, they lived close to us and we were always together as kids. We went to school together, and they are both wonderful people, but Jamie is very sick. He started acting “strange” when he was a child, Noah says it was around 7 or 8 that the family started noticing it.

Sometimes he would say things that didn’t make any sense, or respond to something no one had said, or laugh at completely inappropriate times. He was screened for asperger’s and other types of disorders on the autism spectrum, but it was determined that his issue lay elsewhere. He was diagnosed with disordered schizophrenia at the age of 16, and by that point he was not doing well at all. He and Noah had always been extremely close in that stereotypical twin bond sort of way - they always seemed to know exactly how the other was feeling, what they were about to say, even when they couldn’t possibly have known. Noah has always been fiercely loyal to his brother, to the point of getting into fistfights at school with kids who made fun of him.

They’re 30 now. Noah was dating a girl I’ll call Stephanie for almost a year, and he seemed happy with her, but she never liked Jamie. Jamie, when he was thinking clearly, went out of his way to avoid talking to Noah about Stephanie or interacting with her whenever his brother was around, because apparently she was really mean to him sometimes but he knew how much Noah cared about her and didn’t want to be the cause for his relationship crumbling. Jamie spent some time briefly institutionalized after a series of upsetting incidents in which he kind of lost it and ended up hurting himself during some kind of violent, screaming, terrified fit. Noah tried to explain that he wasn’t a danger to anyone, he’d just been so scared of what he thought he was seeing or hearing, but Jamie ended up in the hospital for several months.

So Jamie comes home eventually, and since their father is an asshole, Noah agreed to become Jamie’s legal proxy of care, being responsible for Jamie’s well-being entirely. Jamie moved in with him, he was taking his meds and going to psych appointments and seemed to be doing well. I would go over to their house and play video games or watch movies with them, and whenever Stephanie came over Jamie would just quietly retreat to his bedroom. Noah picked up on the tension between them, and asked Jamie about it, but Jamie insisted that he was just shy around girls and Stephanie made him nervous because he wanted her to like him.

One night about a month ago though, Noah canceled a date night with Stephanie because Jamie was having a bad, really depressed night. Noah curled up on the couch with him and made him eat something and put on his favorite movie and texted Stephanie to apologize and explain what was going on. She was absolutely furious, and she went off on him for it, but he firmly told her that his brother is always going to come first for him and if she can’t accept that, then they weren’t going to work, and hung up on her. She came over to his place a few days later to “make up” but the minute Noah left her alone with Jamie for a few minutes to run down the block and get something from the store, she pulled out some bullshit.

She told Jamie that he’s being selfish, that Noah’s entire life has always revolved around taking care of him and keeping an eye on him and protecting him and that deep down, Noah resents him for it. She told him that if he really loves Noah, he’d try harder to get his shit together and set Noah free from the burden of him, she said all kinds of terrible things and triggered a massive depressive period for Jamie. Noah couldn’t get him out of bed in the morning, he wouldn’t eat or shower or anything, and he’d been doing so well the previous day that Noah was like “Jamie, what the hell?” and Jamie cried and told him that Stephanie had been right, which led to Noah storming over to her apartment to scream at her like “What the fuck did you say to my brother?”

This resulted in a major fight between Stephanie and Noah in which Noah called her a bitch and told her that she’d had no right to interfere with his family business, and she was a piece of shit because she didn’t even care if she pushed Jamie into a suicide attempt as long as she got what she wanted, which was for Jamie to leave them alone. She told him that she’s the only person in their lives strong enough to be brutally honest with Jamie because everyone else is afraid of triggering him, and Noah told her that he didn’t want to see her ever again and came over to my place to cry on my shoulder.

The thing is though, I get it. I get why Stephanie was frustrated, even if she was an asshole to do what she did. I know it must have been hard to be in love with someone and have their entire life dominated by someone who needs him so much and so constantly. I know it must have sucked to have Noah always canceling dates and things that were important to her because his brother needed him. I know it must have been hard to have Jamie there with them all the time, just sort of hanging out when she’d wanted alone time with her boyfriend. But I also know that Noah could never be with anyone who didn’t love Jamie too, and who didn’t understand that Jamie is always going to be his priority.

The problem now is, we’re all in each other’s mutual group of friends. There has been a lot of shit talking and taking sides and everyone is splitting off into smaller groups now because it’s awkward for all of us to hang out. Stephanie has a lot of support, because apparently Jamie being 30 years old means that he needs to get his shit together and stop relying on his brother to be his support system, and Noah absolutely refuses to entertain the notion of sending him back to his psych facility. Personally, I’m with Noah on this one, none of our other friends have a twin and none of them could understand. Jamie is literally all Noah has, but things are really weird and tense between everyone now and I don’t know how to fix it. I hate how things are right now, especially with all of us quarantined so we can’t all just get together and talk this out in person. 

Noah is a mess, and desperately struggling to deal with maintaining his brother’s schedule and well-being while dealing with losing his girlfriend and about 75% of his closest friends all at once, and he’s been leaning pretty heavily on me for emotional support. On top of all of this, Jamie has been extremely depressed ever since the night with Stephanie, and no one can pull him out of it, which is awful for him and making things harder on Noah. He is trying so hard to be strong and pretend everything is fine and normal for Jamie’s sake, but Jamie knows him too well and he feels incredibly guilty. Any advice on how to deal with this situation, or help either of them, would be really appreciated. Thanks for reading this, anyone who did.