Telling me to exercise and pick up a hobby does not make me less suicidal than I already am. Don’t feed me cliche bullshit.
I get it. There is nothing else that anybody can say to fix your past traumas that leak into the present or your ongoing troubles. I’m just sick of being told generic bullshit. “Fall back on old hobbies”. “What are your interests?”. Does it ever occur to you that when I’m depressed and experiencing suicidal ideation, it’s because nothing sparks joy in me anymore? I no longer have a) hobbies anymore or; b) no energy to carry out those hobbies. Telling me to go for a walk is unrealistic when I’m afraid to even get out of bed in the first place and leave my room because if I do, I’m afraid of what I’m capable of doing to myself and afraid of acting on my intrusive thoughts. Why am I afraid? I don’t fear death in itself but I fear dying. The pain involved in dying. The agony. The fear of it not working. Telling me to “oh eat your favourite food”, doesn’t fucking help. I have no appetite and I unintentionally starve myself. When I try to eat the smallest amount, I can’t help but almost vomit. Time doesn’t heal all and I hate being told that it does. Shit has gotten worse over time and I’m sick of people saying you have to have patience. Says fucking who? I don’t have to do shit and even then I did for the sake of other people. Not everything is a happy ending and people need to just accept that fucking fact. We aren’t always going to get closure. Some people just are played the unfortunate cards in life and that’s how it just fucking is. Whether you admit it or not, not everybody is going to fall to some happy ending fairytale bullshit and that’s the harsh truth of reality. Don’t tell me to go outside and enjoy nature. Looking at a bunch of leaves won’t magically make me not want to kill myself and won’t cure fucking anything. I need proper help but there’s nothing out there aside from “discover your interests”. Who the fuck cares. That’s just another way of distracting yourself from the problem and running away from it, not actively sorting it out because nothing can fix it. Irreversible damage and people act like going for a run or having a warm bath will fucking change anything. Cliche as fuck. I hate this life. I wish I was dead. Nobody gives a shit until then anyway, nobody takes anyone seriously until you’re dead and even then, they forget about you within a while anyway and don’t tell me that isn’t true. They do. Because it’s human nature to be able to grieve and move on, it’s within our innate tendencies to do so. Fuck this “life”. Living and exisiting are two very different things. Living means to feel alive and I’m purely existing. “Alive” in the sense that I’m breathing but I’m dead inside. Please let me fucking go.