If dating doesn't serve you, take a break
So I'll just throw this out here...

I read so many posts from people who are fed up with today's dating culture, OLD, flakey people, getting ghosted, emotionally unavailable people, etc...

And all I can say is...

If dating doesn't serve you...

*Take a break.*

I've played the dating game for almost two years now, since my last LTR ended, and I've had so many bad experiences. I've always chalked it up to meeting the wrong people, bad luck and today's dating culture...

At some point I sincerely felt burnt out. I was depressed and lonely and just couldn't understand why I always had such bad luck in finding someone, anyone, who would just appreciate me...

And then I met up with an acquaintance and we just chatted and I told a story about a night out with a girlfriend of mine.

The story itself isn't relevant but it was one of those evenings where you meet up for "one drink" which then turns into a full on party night. And I told him how there are just some people that you can't meet up with for just one drink because it always ends up like that, the two of you just always end up escalating. 

And then it hit me...

It's not them.

It's me.

Those friends you can't just grab one drink with?

*I am also that friend*.

I am the one who let's it get to a point where we order shots at some point although we both agreed we shouldn't.

I am the one who let's it get to a point where we stay out until the morning although we both agreed we should head home before midnight.

And it's the same damn thing with dating.

I attract what I send out into the (dating) world.

I set myself up for failure simply *because I'm trying too hard to find a connection*.

I attract emotionally unavailable people because *deep down inside I am emotionally unavailable myself*.

Because being emotionally available means more than being open to date and have a relationship. It means to be content with yourself and that includes being content *on your own* and having a settled sense of yourself. 

I am just trying too hard to build connections instead of just letting them build up naturally.

And that means I am not available. Someone who's trying that hard can't be truly available, in my opinion. 

Many of us are just so desperately looking for someone to complete us, swiping left and right as if we're choosing an outfit for the night. As if we'd match with just about anyone and get the perfect relationship as long as the other one wants one too.

We're simply setting ourselves up for failure by trying too hard.

And we get depressed because we don't get the results we so desperately crave.

So all I can say is... I am done with dating. But not in a bitter way.

If I happen to meet someone and we just click, I am more than open for that. But I won't be chasing anything or anyone anymore.

I am done trying to make something happen, putting the focus on something outside of myself. I am taking a conscious break from dating. I deinstalled tinder and I won't be glancing around the room anymore when I'm out with friends.

I'll focus on myself again. 

I'll date myself first and foremost. 

Whatever happens happens and whatever doesn't doesn't.