On paper, life is better. Inside, I haven’t improved.
(I originally posted this in r/depression, but I’m under the impression that it’s full of folks who would rather seek gratification that they are not alone rather than support. Maybe I’m wrong, but I am looking for feedback and a little advice, if possible. I hope to see you in a place where there is no darkness.)

I really hate posting this. It’s narcissistic, but I must satisfy the gnawing hunger of loneliness. It’s shameful, but a small morsel would be a blessing. Please forgive me.

In summary, while I’m aware it could have been much worse, I’ve had a terrible childhood. I’ve had social anxiety, terrible social skills, and half of a family. I was the bullied and ostracized for the first half. My concept of a friend at the time were the same people who would lie, cheat, and steal from me. Hopes that things would be different in middle/high school/college became disappointment as the cycle repeated itself. There were brief moments where I got a taste of what real friends were like, genuine people without judgements. However, they were very brief, and I never really made any lasting relationships.

I got away from it all. I emigrated to a country far away. The first year was tough, and I thought history would repeat itself once again. However, things got better, and  I live a somewhat comfortable life (at least, relative to my past).

I should be happy and fine. Yet I still feel hollow and empty. Despite knowing some genuine friends, I still find it difficult to put my trust in others and open up. No one wants to be forced to listen to my sob story; they have their own problems to handle. Very often, my past memories come back to haunt and torment me. On the outside, I would describe myself as a tad quiet and lazy, but positive and helpful. Inside, lethargic would be the best word to describe it.

I am grateful for where I am now, and each moment is a blessing. At the same time, life is in auto-pilot, and nothing would be better than laying on the floor in a remote cabin in Alaska, away from everyone.

You are entitled to your opinion, and I’m not going to judge you, so I ask you not to judge me. I just want to know if there is anyone else out there who is in this kind of situation.

TL;DR: Move along

Edit: I greatly appreciate the feedback I’ve gotten here. It really is true that even a match can bring warmth on a cold day. I’ll be taking some time to respond to some of the comments, and I hope that I can repay the favor in kind someday.