I don't know how to function anymore and I leave all my relationships in shambles and irreparable. (warning: very long and gross)
I don't know how to talk about this without talking about my history. 

I was raised by a single mother, my grandmother at times, and 2 different stepfathers. 

My mom had me at 21, too young to embrace her youth. She still embraced it, while she was raising me. She'd pawn me off to her mom or friends when she went out to get drunk or go to a show. I get that, though. How could I not? She doesn't even know who my father is and I'm sure she shamed herself for that and dealt with depression. 

But raising a kid by herself was too much and ended up with this man, Michael Totzke (I don't mind to say his name, because he's dead now, so no harm no foul). He beat me. He would "bathe" with me and fondled my testicles. He would beat my mom and beat me in an almost Animal crossing-esque way(gcn original). He would go onto to his character made to beat me, then 5 minutes later get onto his character account that made him beat my mom and not allowing her to go to work. Repeat for 6 years of my life. 

Honestly, my proudest moment other than hopping my first train was when he was beating her one day, kicking her face against our Omaha, NE apartment door, I snuck out the window of my room (which was one of those underground apartment rooms, so the window of my room was met with ground outside), crawled to find a big enough stick to fight back, went back in my room, strapped on a bicycle helmet, and opened my door. 

I let out a war cry in order to fight this man with a tree branch and I ran at him while he was begging my mom not to leave him after he already gave her a dozen bootfuls.

He snagged the stick out of my hand, broke it, and threw me across the room and continued to beat the shit out of me once again. I didn't care, because it took the physical pain off of my mother. 

After a few years of all that, my mom didn't want me around Mike and sent me up to Alaska where her mom, my grandmother, recently moved to so I didn't have to be around all that. I lived there for a year and it was great. But eventually I went back because I had sisters. Half-sisters. Half-my mom, half-Mike. 

I went back and in one year, this man gained like, 200 lbs. He must've weighed close to 500 the night in the year of 2001 that I woke up to the sounds of my mother's screams when she discovered him dead in their bed. Cops and ambulance came. I saw him for a splitsecond. Ghost white. Heart failure, apparently. I sat with my sisters on the couch, them grieving for their father despite being too young to really "get" death and unbeknownst to the horrific sins of their legitimately schizophrenic father, while I silently sighed in relief. The evil man was gone. 

So we all moved to Alaska after my grandmother visited us a day or two after Mike passed. She was a great mom, she knew her daughter and grandkids needed her. 

The pain never went away of course and kind of mutated. I have a healthy distrust in men in general and whenever my 2nd step-dad, who has his issues as well, showed any kind of resemblance to Mike, I shut him down when I was a teenager. No man should even approach my mother ever again, I thought. 

I am a giant music/game nerd because I found escapism and solace in the internet, and my life was solely based in escapism. Not from the world, but from my life and how many times I was told that I "look like a cow" when I eat from Mike. 

My teenage years consisted of typical poor millennial teen stuff, but with lots of daddy issues, black metal and crust punk. 

I found love online and went to NYC after I dropped out and got my GED when I was 17. I had a secure friend group at the time in Fairbanks, AK. There were 4 of us, all angry kids. Hell, half of us were bastards so we bonded about that. We were the metalheads/punk kids attending the classes we loved but drank underneath the stairs next to the gymnasium during classes we had no care for. But they knew I left them for a chance at love. 

Now, back to NYC. Some people have "long distance gone wrong when we met" stories, but I do not. I was staying at a hotel there for 2 weeks. She knocked on my door at 6 in the morning the morning I arrived. I was sleeping, jetlagged, groggy, and overwhelmed by being in *the* major city of the US and I opened the door. We made out for 10 minutes. We got kicked out of Barnes and Noble for public fondling. We went to a Darkbuster show that night (poppunky Boston oi/ska band if you don't know them) and some guy came up to us, said "hey ladies;) how is your night going?" without realizing I was a dude at first and I think he wanted a threesome when he thought I was a young woman. 

Either way, 3 months later I decided to move to NYC from Fairbanks, AK. Because I found something. 

She was not my first love, but the first one that reciprocated. First I lost my virginity to. I actually lost close to 100 lbs as a freshman when I first met her on the message boards we regulared at the time. I was tired of being fat, and in order to impress this beautiful princess (my teenage mind thinking that), now's a good time as any to get into shape. That was back when I still had fire in my soul, of course. 

We broke up a year and a half later. She once lost the 600 dollar engagement ring I bought her in the bathroom of a pizza place we had sex in, and didn't realize until we were out of the restaurant. She ran back and it was already gone. Not anything to deal with the breakup, just thought you guys should know. 

We just broke up because my insecurity knows no depths. And we still had lives to live. 

So after that, I hung out in NYC for a bit, homeless and punx as fuck, and then a few months later after different activist activities, I decided to travel. Hop some trains. Lots of trains. 

For close to 9 years, on and off. Met many people that I love. Lost even more to drugs and booze. It became my identity and my personality as much as video games and music did. Which, gotta say, the video game stuff put off some hobo kids, gotta say. I was still a nerd. A dirty nerd but a nerd. 

As I said before, I started drinking at a young age. 14/15. Not all the time, just with friends. But after that breakup, at 18/19, I started drinking hard. Started at a fifth a day, then a halfgal a day, then a halfgal and a 20 pack of natty ice a day. It wasn't until I was 20 that I first had physical withdrawal symptoms. Then by 21, it was just routine. I decided that booze was me and me was booze and it had to be that way. Tethering that line between functional and sloppy is a rope too thin for me to cross, however. 

Apparently alcoholism runs hard in my family, by the way. My grandma lost her brother and her father to alcoholism at young ages. *shrug* we're all statistics, it's okay. 

So, as I said before, my life has always been about escapism and idealism and a bleeding heart for people as a whole. 

So I continued to escape via trains, travel, games, books, drinking, acid, shrooms, h, coke, sex, short romantic relationships etc for many years. But my only addictions have been benzos and drinking. Benzo addiction was shortlived while the booze stays strong. Cigs, too. 

Because I don't know how to cope. The healthiest way I ever coped was when I tried to beat up my samuel hayden of a stepfather with a stick. 

I have had jobs, off and on. Usually shortlived. I had dreams that fade in and out. Never really knowing if I even cared about existing in obtuse capitalism. I lost a good chunk of those jobs to my drinking and depression, it's true. Just the nature of the beast. 

Here's one thing that a junior sleuth could probably tell from this post and my emotional and mental problems that exude from it, I fall in love very easily. I let myself do that. Unlike my teenage years, I was way more successful at attempting those relationships in my 20s. Either purely sexual or romantic, however destructive. 

I tend to befriend exes after the breakups. All but 2, I believe. Not really on purpose, but in recognition of the great aspects of those people that I fell in love with in the first place. They deserve happiness. And of course with that mindset there is always that small part in the brain that's like (dude, sucks you couldn't give them the happiness they deserve, you gigantic scum. Also you have tiny man titties, stretch marks, and you don't understand advanced math as much as you want to because your genes are bad and you will always remain a mediocre musician and you will never beat bloodborne and...).

So I feel like I owe them something. And because of my own issues, I always end up making mistakes *with* my exes after the relationship was already ended years ago! 

Also, when I spent some time in Cambridge, Mass, I brought 4 people onto their first train. It was great times but years later, all but 1 died to the culture I showed to them. The culture they loved. Culture of the lost. 

I once fell for a woman in Michigan who was friends with a woman that I was deeply in love with. So check this, I loved a woman from there, and we finally, after years of loving this woman in a non-stalker way because that's not me and I don't condone that weird creepy "love", we finally kissed. And it was great. She seemed to enjoy it as well but she knew falling for me as well, would bring down her life because I am a "DELINQUENT". So without my knowledge she hooked me up with a friend of hers who also just got out of a breakup. She was fierce and strong but sadly ignorant to how hippies are on the westcoast. She really wanted to go out west because she wanted to see what "freelove" actually is. 
 
I did not want to tell her that, in hippiedom in weed, california, that polyamory is ran by people who just want to fuck. Trust me, these people aren't artists at making love. No one really is. They just like that enigma because it gets them more notches on their belt and/or bedpost. 

But no, she also wanted to see the pacific ocean for her first time. So no, I don't think I can destroy that dream for her. 

We did our roadtrip out west (while stopping at different beautiful national parks cuz her daddy was rich and paid for a parks card) and it was intense. We loved, we fought, we fucked. 

After our 2 months of trimming weed in hayfork, CA, she said we should open our relationship, which I knew she was going to say eventually. She even said it during our relationship, but then continued to treat us as a single unit. 

As we were going back east after we both had significant money in our pockets, in Reno, I told her, drunkenly, that I didn't want to go back with her because I had no place to go because of said weird nebulous breakup. 

She fought to have me go with her but there I stayed in that hotel room in Reno. For two weeks. 

I spent thousands on booze and questionable cocaine and hired an escort who stole 600 bucks from me. At that time, I felt peaked and didn't care what happened to me. There was quite literally a shady gun store across the street from the hotel and I was prepared to end it. Because my baggage was not worth it to anyone and the fucking airport won't take it. 

I told my mom goodbye, because she deserved to know. Sadly, I called her from my hotel phone and she managed to trace it to send cops to my location. 

They arrested me, while I was like, three half gals and half an 8ball into it, and was sent to a psycheward there. I withdrawed hard. I puked so much I busted the bags they have specifically made for puking several times. They kept me there without consent. 

Renova is the name, BTW. 

Three days later, they let me back to my hotel room without compensation for the room I stayed and paid for in that hotel. 

They acted like they saved me but did they really?

Fast forward to early last year. I was in the northeast, traveling around Rhode Island, Mass, Delaware. Cold windy winter. A woman with horrible horrible teeth but amazing everything else I fell in love with in Pennsylvania had to let me go because again, of my lifestyle. She gave me a spider necklace and sent me on my way. Cue whitesnake's here I go again. I was dealing with bad withdrawals, my progress in travel was slow, and I was close to freezing to death multiple times because I could barely exist. My grandma, same one I've been talking a lot about in this shitty little story of mine, called me one day and offered to send me to Alaska so I could get better and she could take of me. I finally gave in after 3 weeks of those calls. 

So I'm back in Alaska. I called an old friend to say hi and she admitted she was in love with me since we were 21. Since then she and I have been dating. Earlier this year she got pregnant and we agreed on an abortion because we are not in ripe situations to have a kid. We both come from poor families and abusive fathers. That is the shit that churns you up and spits you out into this horrific existence that no kid deserves. 

We agreed, but she made her own decision when she saw her first ultrasound. She was going to keep it, she told me. I raged because again, I don't know how to cope. Left that night like a giant piece of snowflake dung because the kid deserved better. 

Baby was miscarried two weeks later. And now me and the mom are together again, but everything emotional seems broken. Sex and intent is all we are now. No actual actions or romance anymore. 

I know this was a long read, I'm practicing because I think I want to write a memoir in my future just because everyone says I should and it invites dark comedy stylings which I feel like I'm okay at. I love this sub so much, it's meant a lot to me through the years. 

But every instance of romantic sensibility I have breaks apart because I tend to especially fall for people who are similar. Broken pasts, broken lives. We can't change our pasts and we all have to remember that otherwise we are going to die and be another stat. 

I just don't know how to deal with any of that. Counseling, meds, friends, nothing has helped. I hurt the people I love because of who I am. 

That's what's bothering me.