Girlfriend of Last 5 Years Passed Away
Hello everyone. Long time reddit user here, first time posting. So I'm sure the title pretty much explains everything, but I'll try and give a backstory that isn't too lengthy, or gives our personalities away.

So I met my girlfriend (ex?) my freshman year of college. Both of us were involved with other people at the start of college, but our paths crossed and started dating Junior year of college. We're both involved in the performing arts and I've been working shows here in NYC and throughout the country, and she's been singing on cruise ships. Long story short, we both said that we would make our relationship work as best as can while we're away from each other. It worked....magically. Both of us were working in our fields of work, but unfortunately away from each other. She got offered the last ship she hadn't worked on, which would've meant she would've traveled to every continent, and practically everywhere worth visiting.

I told her not to go to the last ship in hopes of starting things earlier, but of course I wasn't going to prevent her from seeing the world. We both agreed on holding until September of 2013, where we would move in with each other and both promise that we'd both work in NYC. Unfortunately, she passed away within the first month of working her last contract. This happened 6 months ago, and they still have no idea what was the cause of death (they've ruled out suspicious activity, and are leaning towards natural causes.....she was 24 years old and perfectly healthy).

Fast forward some, it's been 6 months, her birthday is.....very soon, and we're drawing nearer to the date where we were supposed to move in.

I'm very lucky and have had ZERO experiences of anything remotely like this happen (both of extremity, and dealing with death). I guess what's I'm throwing out there is....

Is there anyone out there that has dealt with something remotely close to this? I don't want to get into specific details in the intro, but god damn.....this is just ridiculous, especially with her having passed at 24, and me being 26.

Has anyone out there dealt with a similar situation? I've went to therapy twice and pretty much thought it was a waste of time, and was very open to my thoughts and my 'ideology' on therapist sessions. This was during the second month, and I'm going on Wednesday for the first time since then. Love you guys and everyone who has to read this, thank you.

DM