If you had one REAL tip for people who are barely getting by, what would it be?
Let's face it, frugal tips written by people who aren't truly poor are pretty awful.  Stuff like don't go to Starbucks is insulting and hurtful when your bank account is all but empty and you just need to figure out how to feed your kids this week.  Things like start a garden also don't help much if you need food now.  Even less helpful are the people who live on homesteads with a huge garden and some chickens writing about how they spent less than $50 a week at the grocery store to feed their family of 8.  Yeah, anybody could do that if they had their own freaking farm :D

So, what are your REAL tips for getting by?

I have a few:

1. Barter child care if possible.  When I was in college, I had two young kids.  I was able to trade babysitting with a neighbor.  She watched my kids in the morning when I was at school.  I watched hers in the evening when she worked second shift.
2. Yard sales tend to be much better in expensive neighborhoods.  From my experience, sales in poorer neighborhoods have higher prices because somebody is trying to scrape up enough money to pay a bill.  In richer neighborhoods, it seems people just want the stuff gone, and they really don't care so much about the money.
3. You can stretch meals by adding more pasta, beans, rice or vegetables.  I would typically double a recipe except for the meat in things like casseroles or pasta dishes.  Example: If your chili recipe calls for 2 cans of beans, put in 4.
4. Find a library and use it.  Libraries are more than books.  They are air conditioned in the summer and a good place to go with your kids to beat the heat.  They often have clubs and activities that you can join too.  (Granted, Covid makes this tricky right now)
5. You really need to start stockpiling food whenever possible.  When you are flush, get a few more packages of pasta, some sauce, some tuna, etc.  Then, when your electric bill comes due and it's going to eat most of your paycheck, at least you'll have a bit of food in the house.  When I was really broke, I learned that saving food was better than saving money.  Something would always come along that needed whatever extra dollars I had.  But, food in the pantry was a true asset.
6. When you're shopping for groceries, think in terms of meals.  Shop the sales rather than trying to plan your menu in advance.  One whole chicken can give you three meals.  
7. Prioritizing bills generally is in shut off order.  You'll get a feel for who is the most lenient and who will shut off your service in a heartbeat.  This means your priority needs to be housing, food, water, electricity and heat.  Credit cards, medical bills and entertainment come after those basics.  
8. Help others whenever you possibly can.  I can't tell you how many times a friend, relative or neighbor saved my butt when I needed a ride to the store, or a few dollars to keep the lights on.  Build up goodwill and karma.