My mother died and me and my dad need serious help (X-post from r/offmychest)
I posted the following text in r/offmychest at about 3am when I was struggling to contain my feelings.  I'd like to ask for any help on the issue. Sorry it's all fragmented and badly written I wasn't in a good place. 


My mother died in July. I haven't cried since the funeral. I'm not holding it in, the tears just won't come. Of course I'm sad but nothings happening. She was the most important thing in my life and she never got to say goodbye to me. My father is worse. So much worse. He just lies in bed crying for hours at a time and the rest of the time he's struggling to keep calm. I can't take it any more but I can't abandon him and I'm scared to talk to him about our future cos he'll either scream or cry. He's in a lot of physical pain too and every moan and whine is like a knife jammed into my ear, and his crying is like a knife through my heart. I comfort him when I can but it's getting too much for me. He's had problems for years. I have no siblings to confide in and the rest of my family live many miles away. It's like I lost my dad too. He sleeps in the front room on the sofa instead of a proper bed. He stays up until 5 in the morning. The house is a fucking mess and has been all my life. I'm pretty sure he's a hoarder. Not as bad as the ones on TV but pretty bad. It's mainly laziness opposed to emotional attachment. I think he was depressed since before I was born. I feel horrible for trying to pursue my own needs in the face of his condition and it causes tension between us but I can't ignore my own health. Every conversation we have runs the risk of turning into a shouting match. I expect this and I shut down during the conversation and struggle to answer his questions. This just makes him angrier. He says we both have a part to play in our difficulty in communicating but a lot of them would go away if he didn't talk to me like I was five fucking years old. I'm 24 and living at home with a degree that won't get me anywhere. I have no experience that'll get me a job in somewhere I want to be. I desperately want to work in the arts in some way. I know what I need to do but I don't have the motivation to do it and living in my shithole house doesn't help. Everyone I know has some great passion that they throw themselves into but I have so many interests that I don't know where to use my time. I want to do everything and thus do nothing. I feel like I have the motivation levels of somebody who just smokes pot all day. I hate myself. I'm a total virgin and I don't feel the slightest bit attractive to girls. I hate my body. I'm making steps to be healthier and I'm learning the guitar. I'm also learning to drive. I hope that'll mean good things in the future if I keep this up, my brain says otherwise but I tell myself to keep going because what's the alternative? Normally I would apologise for feeling sorry for myself but fuck that. Normally I'd worry too much about the quality of my writing but fuck that too. If you're gonna give me abuse then to hell with you. If you read this or even want to comment positively then thank you.

Peace.