I think I'm depressed with an eating disorder and when I tried to get help no one believed me
I used a throwaway for this :) I'm sixteen by the way.

I've been feeling shitty for a long time, as in a few years. To cope with the feeling of shittiness, I started an unhealthy obsession with my weight - I thought I would finally feel okay again when I was skinny. I tried exercising, but I was always really tired and never really had the energy (I know I sound incredibly lazy). The scale never really moved. So then I started eating less - at first it was just breakfast but eventually turned to lunch too. The pounds started dropping off and I got almost high off of seeing the number drop lower and lower. The problem is I have incredibly little self-control, and after eating minimally (under 300 cal/day) for a few days, I usually break down and eat. A lot. Usually 3000 - 5000 calories in the span of an hour and a half. Usually while I'm doing this though, I don't really register what's going on - it's hard to explain but basically one minute I'll be eating an apple and then an hour later I'm surrounded by empty food cartons with no real memory of eating them. Then I cry for about an hour and then, to make up for all the calories I ate, I don't eat (or eat extremely low cal, like 200 or less) for two-three days, depending on how bad the binge was. Then the cycle continues because I just get hungry again and on and on.

Obviously this isn't the most conducive to weight loss so I'm not exactly skin and bones (a lot more skin than bones really). I don't look like a person with an eating disorder, and I don't know if I really act like one, either (I don't eat extremely low cal every day, and I never really make myself throw up because I don't really have a gag reflex. I don't do this all the time, either; it's kind of in waves, where I'll eat somewhat normally for a few weeks before it comes back worse than before). Anyway, in the spring I was really fed up of always feeling worthless and shitty all the time so I worked up the courage to write my mom a letter talking about everything. She talked to me about it and basically said, "Anyone can see you have issues with eating, but that's really normal at your age. Everyone does that because everyone has low self-esteem; when you're older, you'll stop." She insinuated that I was making it up or exaggerating it for attention (I eventually just said I was exaggerating, which I know is incredibly stupid, because she kept making me feel awful by making jokes about it and I just wanted her to never bring it up again and, so far, she hasn't). 

Then I went to the school guidance counselor, who looked way in over his head before eventually calling in another counselor, who told me I had a serious problem and that they would get me help. They never said anything to me again after that, though, even when I went back in to follow up with them.

So, as a last resort, I went to free counseling at my church. The guy just told me I was sinning and that I would get better if I just prayed more. I was pretty angry because, obviously, if that worked I wouldn't still be feeling like this years later. Then he said I didn't really have it all that bad and there were people who had it way worse than I did, so why did I think it was okay for me to feel like this? This really upset me because I know there's not really a reason why I feel so empty all the time, which just makes it worse because then I feel like a shit person.

This all happened a while ago so I don't know why it's making me feel so upset now. I just really want to feel okay again but I don't know if it's possible anymore. I guess what's really bothering me is no one seems to think this is an issue, so why does it make me feel so awful all the time? Sorry for the crazy long post I guess I just needed to rant a little :)