Anyone else get super depressed around the Holidays and just want to say fuck it and end things? Feeling that way now!
I suffer from depression, clearly. However, this Holiday season I have been feeling it extra hard, and I don't know why. I have tried to do everything I can to cheer myself up. I've gone above and beyond generous with gifts for loved ones, even wrapping them nicely (not an easy feat for a klutz like me), was going to dress as santa on xmas for my baby nephews. Tried dressing a lot nicer at work. Figured fake it until I make it. It's worked in the past. But last night I found myself driving to my local gun store, about 30 minutes from me, and looking at guns to buy. I used to have a decent sized collection / cache but had given them all to my dad because of prior suicidal inclinations. Then over time I would take them and sell them at a gun store or pawn store for a quick buck. I don't have any more. I bought a Kbar combat knife a week ago and tried slashing my wrists while in the bath tub but couldn't do it. Just ending up cutting a little. However, last night I found myself wanting to buy a gun. However, with me as someone who likes guns I want the gun to have meaning. Isn't that fucked up? Like almost anyone will do, but I wanted something specific. Found one that was almost exactly what I wanted and priorly owned, but didn't end up purchasing it. Instead I drove around for a bit and just meditated. Although I am debating going back there today, getting that gun, driving to some scenic place and redecorating the interior of my car... 

I hate hurting people. I have seen what suicide has done to people. My best friend killed himself while drunk almost 5 years ago. It tore everything apart. My girlfriend's brother killed himself shortly before Thanksgiving and it has torn her apart. I have tried being there for her but of course keeping my feelings down. I also fear what does or doesn't come next. I most likely won't do shit, as I am a coward and I care too much, but damn do I want to just end my suffering...