Depression ruined my personality and my mind
Edit: If you see this please switch to the “new” filter on the sw homepage and refresh, and comment on those latest posts. You might just be the help they need! Thank you everyone for reaching out and making me feel less alone. I’m overwhelmed by all the positive responses. I guess not all people are malicious after all. Keep spreading the love ❤️

Depression made me dumb, uninteresting, made me stop reading books, made me stop learning, caused me to spend days like a zombie, caused me amnesia, literally caused my brain to shrink. But the worst was the effect it had after 15 years of fucking my brain. Now I lost my mind. Now i lost that quirky weird fun personality. Now i have lost the cultured nerd that i used to be. I had to grow up getting bullied for being a nerd, for being weird, for not poisoning my mind with mindless activities and TV.

Then I grew up and I lost all of those qualities that were supposed to make me have a cool life and cool friends finally. I wanted to be in the art community, going to talks and book readings and exhibitions and come back from it open a bottle of wine and drink it around the aged wooden table which stands in the middle of the living room that is surrounded by weird and classic paintings, contemporary sculptures and talk about philosophy. I was supposed to be the cultured smart weird but interesting guy. I WAS THAT GUY. I was born to be that guy.

But depression fucked me. And for the past 5 years I had set the goal to become that person again. The real me. But i have not only failed but I have rotten even further. Depression is a disease and has to be dealt with early on, otherwise there's no point in living like a half vegetable, high on antidepressants during the day and sleeping while on benzos at night.

I lost 2 women I truly loved due to my depression. Due to them thinking that I was that cultured smart creative and deep thinker, only to find out I had nothing to talk about, I wasn't able to form arguments, wasn't able to debate on topics, hadn't read many books, didn't know anything about art or culture and was simply boring and dumb to them. It's my worst nightmare come true. People ditching and telling me I'm uninteresting. This was NOT SUPPOSED TO BE my life. I deserved to be loved and experience that love with her after years of patience, years of pain and sorrow. I persevered. I don't accept this anymore. I tried to change but it doesn't work. I can't read anymore. My brain is fucked and I've literally lost so many IQ points that i don't understand what people tell me. My brain is too slow. And while reading i forget the sentences i read after a couple of seconds so I can't connect them and comprehend the story. I live in the moment. I can only hold 5 seconds of life in my mind. I lost my creativity. My ability to imagine and see while my eyes are closed.

Oh my god we would have been so perfect for each other. She is my female version. I am her. And she is exactly the person I wanted to be. Maybe that's why I love her so much. And as mad and hurt as I am for the way she treated me, I really can't blame her for not wanting me. I wouldn't want this "me" either. But it hurts so much because i know how i used to be. I know how my life would have turned out without the depression. Its so fucking painful. A family member killed himself a couple of years ago and that was less painful. It was shocking but this daily constant pain, this living through my nightmares is unbearable.

&#x200B;

I have become a stupid dumb ass uncultured loser and i deserve to die. I deserve my peace. This is not me. You can have my life. I don't want it anymore. I am in hell and I want this to end.