Frustrated about not getting a work term
I just wanted to rant a little bit, and let out some steam.


So I just finished my 2nd year as a civil engineer, and haven't gotten a coop work term yet. I applied to about 80 jobs but only got 5 interviews, and no offers. Getting no offers really sucks. It seems like my confidence lowers everytime after an interview. One interview that hit my confidence was an interview with the city of Edmonton. They were looking for 2 students and interviewed 3 people (including me), and I still didnt get the job. It really sucks.


I've been going to my university job office for resume/interview help, but still had no luck. Even before going for help, I realize the biggest weakness I have compared to other students is my lack of work experience (ie. I have no work experience at all). I thought that grades were everything and dint focus on getting any experience. And it's a mistake in my part, and probably should have tried to look for jobs during highschool, but no point in regretting in the past. 


With my lack of work experience, I have been volunteering and joined an engineering club to compensate for the lack of experience. With those, I gained amazing memories, but it still doesnt feel the same as getting a work term. 


I feel like a part of not getting interviews is my interviewing skills. I generally don't have very good experience with talking to people, but I felt that most of my interviews felt really good (only 1 interview felt unprepared). But I guess that wasn't the case since I'm still looking for jobs. 


Since the first work term started today, they waived my first work term since they saw I was actually applying to jobs/put some effort into looking for jobs. However, if I don't get a job in my next work term, I'll be dropped out of coop. Furthermore, the experience I hear from my friends about their first day, makes me really depressed since I cant partake in the same experience.  Also since about 90-95% of civil students got a job makes me even more depressed about it.


Being dropped out would kill me inside. I worked so hard during my first year since I needed a higher GPA to apply for coop, but I feel like that was just a waste if I end up being dropped out. In addition, if I don't get a job for my coop, what are the chances that I get a job after I graduate? Thoughts like this scare me. 


At this point, I kinda accepted the fact that I'll be dropped out of coop, but the future terrifies me. I basically don't see a future in what I do right now 


Thanks for anyone that read my rant. Hope you guys have a great day.