9 months ago she cheated on me while my mother was dying in the hospital.
4 years after a bad breakup I finally found my next girlfriend. I've  never been with anyone this amazing to me in my life. She's cute, smart,  a very hard worker. She wants to do things with me that no other girl  I've never been with wanted to do like ride bikes in a different town  every single weekend. She cooked with me and we never argued. I thought  this one was going to be the one. I couldn't imagine any other woman  being the mother of my children.

Almost a year of seeing each other and countless adventures later my  mom's health started to decline. My mother recently was taken to the  hospital when she had collapsed in Goodwill while shopping. They've  given me a timeline of when they expect her to pass away now. This was a  couple of weeks ago.

The day my mom was admitted to the hospital I rushed from work to go  see her. When I got there she said hey and then started to cough up a  lot of blood. It was all over her hospital gown and face. This is not  how you want to see your mother. I was quickly rushed out of the room by  an orderly so they could work on my mom. In a panic and with the  childhood death of my father fresh in my mind at this moment, I reached  out to my girlfriend. Her responses were short. The phone call sent  straight to voice mail. No worries. She's busy. She's a social worker  and they are always busy.

Over the next couple of weeks her not reciprocating any affection but  still allowing me to buy her gifts and work on her landscaping, the  truth finally came out.

Last Saturday I spent the entire day working in her yard. Laying  boarder stones, digging up bushes and planting things. The next day we  were supposed to drive to a neighboring town with our bikes in tow to  ride a rail trail we've never ridden before. I asked if she wanted me to  spend the night at her home or if she wanted to spend the night at mine  so that we could head out early in the morning. She told me that she  wanted to sleep in her own bed alone due to the amount lack of sleep  she's gotten that week. She also said that she was going to eat with her  mom and her mom's house that night then go to bed at home. She would  see me early at my house the next morning.

Sunday morning rolled around and she calls me. Told me the plans had  changed. Said that she had to put all this out there at once that she  had been over at an exboyfriend's house that lives over and hour away  from her that night having a "beer". This was the first time that she  had been there in years and they were just catching up on old times. We  weren't going to be able to ride now because her car was vandalized.

[https://i.imgur.com/8cX5V4P.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/8cX5V4P.jpg)

[https://i.imgur.com/u9WEVRR.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/u9WEVRR.jpg) [https://i.imgur.com/5z6YdQF.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/5z6YdQF.jpg)

In these pictures is her car in the exboyfriend's driveway. Apparently  a jealous lover of his knew who she was and knew what they were doing  in his house. She swears that they weren't having sex. Even said that  his kids were there and she wouldn't if they were.

Well fast forward a little bit.  I have figured out that she's been there 3  times at least in the past 7 days. She doesn't realize that she has  geolocation turned on and with the EXIF metadata in a selfie she sent  while I was texting her last Wednesday I was able to figure out that she  was in his driveway. She was waiting on him because as soon as he got  there she stopped texting for 2 and a half hours.

Another thing. This person that is attacking her also posted a nasty  message pointing out her lover's and her cheating behavior to her  employer. This post was 6 hours before she was caught there while I was  working with her in her yard. Funny how she hadn't been there in years  but this random person knew she was going there.

Stupid me didn't piece all this together until that day. That day my mom  flat lined. They were able to resuscitate her. My girlfriend or now  exgirlfriend was once again AWOL.

Tomorrow I'm going to dump her after writing a letter explaining in  detail how I figured out she was lying and how bad this hurt me during  one of the worst points of my life. Right now I need someone. I have a  very small support group. My mom will be my last family member in this  country I can talk to. When she goes I'll be pretty much alone.

I lost what I had once thought was the love of my life and my mother around the same time.

This is the saddest period of my life and I feel like she's broken a good man.

So now she has moved on. Gets to date her ex and have sex with him. Hang out and be loved by his family. While I got to go watch my mom die alone.