I (18M) think my girlfriend (18F) is falling into a depression and I don't know what to do about it.
Ok first of all I think this needs some context. We both live in a country where males are given far more rights and freedoms than females, and her dad is a tyrannical controlling misogynist and he doesn't let her do anything (basically she's been in quarantine her entire life). This is the main source of her sadness and it's really affecting her mental state negatively. She rants to me about it a lot and I try my best to make her feel better but I'm running out of ideas. 

About a month ago we were planning a way to get out of here and build a new life in a foreign country but, unfortunately, the plan flopped. Even without the coronavirus, there's no way to get her out of here safely without her father's permission. So the only way to get out is for us to get married, because when that happens I'll be the one legally in control of her (yeah, it's fucked up, I know). 

My family said I can't get married until I get a bachelor's degree (got 4 years left). This happened about a week ago and that really fucked my girlfriend's mental state up. She was sad before but at least she had hope for the future, now she says she feels like there's no hope for her and that she's losing her youth. 

At first I thought she was just exaggerating, because she was frustrated that our plan flopped, and I told her it was gonna be alright and motivated her successfully (or so I thought) but it's been a whole week and she's still depressed. I don't know what to do since we can't really be together because of this lockdown and her piece of shit dad. I send her motivating texts and constantly remind her that she's a wonderful amazing person and that she makes me really happy, but that doesn't seem to have any long term effects. 

We were talking today before she went to sleep and she said she was feeling down again, but this time she didn't have a specific reason to feel this way. that's why I'm worried and I think this is a much deeper issue than I previously thought. I asked her if she wanted to talk about it and she said "thanks but I don't think it'll help". I just sent back some sweet messages that got a positive reaction then we said goodnight. 

I hope that this is normal sadness and I'm just overthinking, but what can I do to make her feel better or to maybe stop the sadness altogether? Thanks.