Overcame a panic attack on my own for the first time!
Triggers: I talk about my panic attack 

I’m so happy I could cry! So there I was, at Starbucks, I had too much caffeine (which I shouldn’t truly be consuming to begin with) and I feel a panic attack coming on and coming on strong. 

Usually I try to shove it down. It never works but I still do it until I inevitably spiral.

But there was this barista sweeping by me. He and I had spoken a few times before this visit and I recalled him saying he was taking a summer course at the nearby community college.

I had my earphones in, trying to listen to music and shakily eat a bagel to calm down. I have social anxiety and have been trying to do some things to get over that these past few weeks such as, smiling when I make eye contact with people and attempting to have casual conversations. 

But there I was, debating whether or not I should even try casually talking to this guy in the midst of forcing back a panic attack and a strong urge to cry. After about a minute (maybe a few, not sure it felt like eternity though) I just turned my head to face him and did it! I asked him how his class was going and although I was very shaky (vocally and physically), we ended up having a great conversation. 

We briefly touched on my anxiety. I even lightheartedly made a joke about choosing whether to have a bagel or panic attack and I seriously don’t know how this didn’t kill the conversation. I wish I could remember what he said afterwards or how the conversation kept flowing. Somehow we ended up talking about a bunch of things. It wasn’t until the end of the conversation that I realized, my panic attack was gone. All the symptoms of my attack were gone as well (I don’t want to list them and trigger someone).

Not saying for people to try this at all, I’m just happy I overcame a panic attack and wanted to share this excitement with somebody. 


TLDR: ended up striking up a conversation with a barista when forcing back a panic attack and ended up overcoming it instead of spiraling for the first time!

EDIT: Thank you guys so much!!! All of this positive feedback and encouragement means so much to me. It seriously hits my core. I sincerely wish I could hug each and every one of you (,: I’ve been trying to reply to as many of the comments as possible. I deeply appreciate this, I really do and I hope you’re all having a wonderful day because you’re all beautiful people ❤️