My therapist said I had over 5 lives' worth of trauma packed into my 25 years. I don't think the bad times stop. I'm ready to go.
Hi there. My name is Anna. I'm 25f. This post is going to be incoherent, because I can't really string my thoughts or sentences together anymore. I don't expect anyone to read this, and if you do, I'm sorry. 

 I've got a lot of mental health problems and it seems like every doctor diagnoses me with something different. 

The one person I told everything too is so tired. I love him very much, but I know caring about me is a burden. He needs more consistency, stability, and sustainability-- things I don't think I can offer with my brain.

I think this is a vent, but also the closest thing to a suicide now that I have. It's just the truth of my life, and why I'm ready for it to be over. 

I was raped at the ages of 4, 8, 14, 19 and 24, some of those years included multiple times. I've been kidnapped / sold. I've been a victim in a shooting. I've been forced to watch children die (murdered). I found my friend after he committed suicide when we were ten. I've been severely stalked. I watched my mother lose her battle with cancer. I've had friends murdered in college. I've been severely beaten. Hungry/starved. Homeless. There's been so much. And I'm so, so tired. 

If anything, I just want boring years where nothing happens, but I don't think that's possible. Everyone says the bad times don't last, that others have had it worse. I'm just so tired. I'm so tired of hearing these things from people who don't have to live with my brain or experiences. People tell me I'm so strong but I feel so weak.  I don't want to fight to live. I don't want to survive anymore. I wouldn't even call this a crisis because I'm just so ready, so calm and numb.

If my guy sees this, I'm sorry I couldn't give you everything you needed. I'm sorry I couldn't get better.  Take care of the cats for me. I hope you find happiness, comfort, warmth and love. 💙💛 

See you, space cowboy.