I need help!
Oh God. This will be a long one. It's crush problems. Yuck. I've never liked romantic movies or books, they always disgusted me. And kissing was way worse! It made me nauseous to think about any type of kissing or anything romantic. I know, I know, I should grow up. I'm just so bothered , though! I did have a crush, though. I was 10. We were friends at first and then got to know each other. He was caring and surprisingly mature for a 10 year old! Anyways, he kind of flirted with me. I still thought it was gross. I followed him around a lot and one day I asked if he promised to be my boyfriend and marry me. He said yes. It was cute, buy then we got older and just forgot about it. We didn't like each other anymore. It wasn't a dramatic breakup, we were 10! Now I'm 14. Never had a crush since, although we are still friends and hang out at lunch. As friends. I'm still kind of disgusted by relationships, although I'm waiting for when I won't be. One day I was texting someone because we had to work on a library project together. I had never met her in person, buy she seemed pretty cool. In my mind, we bonded immediately. We both had a lot in common: we both drew anime, both loved cooking, and hated relationships. We both thought we were too young for relationships, we were still children, after all! And I was disturbed whenever I thought about 4 years ago. Anywho, we planned the whole thing for the book fair and that was that. Never saw each other, never hung out or texting again, until the next week when we planned to meet up and discuss the book fair. When we got there, I was horrified. I saw her and I completely lost it! She was so perfect looking, and her smile was so kind. I'd never even seen her before, but I acted as if we had been friends for ages. I was completely obsessed with her, I practically stalked her. It scared me a lot. I could barely speak when I was around her. I had dreams about her when we were in romantic relationships. I know this all sounds like I have a huge crush on someone, but actually, it confuses me. I wasn't lesbian. At least, I didn't think so. Relationships disgust me, so I never even thought about my sexuality. It can't be a real crush. I still can't decide if I like her in that way! We only talked for about a day on text, and when we met up in person we barely looked each other in the eye. She doesn't really say "hi" to me when we're at school and she never texts me. Ever. We are hardly friends, we're just acquainted and have to work on a school project. I feel so pathetic. I want to see her so badly! I don't know what to do. Please help!
Sincerely, 
Me UwU