Even more rejection emails, irrelevant job offers, MLMs and scams. What's wrong with me?
I am a Graphic Designer that has graduated this May, and having been looking for a job since. If you haven't been following my job search journey, 
the TL;DR version is that I am an international student on post graduate OPT that have been moved to Portland OR for two and a half months and living with my aunt, but to no avail so far. 

Yesterday I got an irrelevant job offer for a position of production technician at a semi-conductor factory (\*\*before you ask, I cannot work on this because my OPT stated that everything I do must be directly related to my major\*\*), and Just this morning I woke up to another rejection email, an "Unlimited Earning Potential!" MLM spam, and another Google Hangouts "Interview" scam. My aunt has set a deadline that I have to move out by the end of September, and on top of that I have my visa that I have to worry about (90 days or leave the country). I just can't stand that I always got beaten to the punch by other candidates even I have the exact skills matched. 

I am looking into freelancing on Upwork, but their verification process for any US based jobs is a huge pain. I also had a Skype interview with one of the small agency that specializes in data visualization, and the hiring manager hinted about a potential internship opportunity but said that he needs another couple of weeks to go through the current lot of candidates. My major concern right now is to find opportunity to allow me to stay in the US, including relocation to other places such as Phoenix,AZ; San Francisco, CA (ugh) and any major metro areas in Texas. I am also seriously looking to transition into a front end web developer, as I have some HTML/CSS experiences and UI/UX skills, but I don't have the money to pay for UO's coding boot camp. (I cannot borrow student loans since I'm a foreigner) 

So right now I'm stuck at a limbo. As I am waiting for the agency to call back to me, I am not sure what steps I should take next. Should I relocate? Should I stay in Portland to go for the coding boot camp? Or should I continue spraying and praying? I am really confused right now, and any answers will be greatly appreciated. 

(TL;DR: Foreign student on F1 OPT in Portland OR area, spent two and a half months job hunting to no avail. Currently waiting for hearing back from another company, but clock is ticking and I don't have much options)