I understand suicide
I'm starting to understand people who commit suicide. It's like, when you know you have the rest of your life to look forward to but you look at your life and just can't imagine living it every day, year after year. You have people tell you it gets better but it's been years and it hasn't so it probably won't and you're tired...so tired. You just don't want to fight through the day anymore. I think when you commit suicide it's with the knowledge that there will be people hurting once you're gone but the idea that your pain will end may make it seem worth it. Suicide is indeed selfish but, perhaps for some, they have to be selfish because for years they put everyone else first. Always gave and gave and gave and no one bothered to see how they were...how they were managing...if they were ok. Maybe they were sucked dry by life and just couldn't take it anymore. For some, life is fleeting and they live it to its fullest...they enjoy it and love it...but for others...its so long...never-ending...painful. Being alive and living are two different things. Maybe some people who commit suicide actually died a long time ago but the people in their lives were so busy taking, they couldn't give a minute to realize. Death is funny like that; it's not always on a physical level. 

I have struggled with my depression the majority of my life. While those I care about thought I've gotten better, the reality is, I've just gotten better at hiding it. There are nights that I lie awake dreading waking up, living the day that just ended again, over and over. It's a cycle that never ends...nothing ever changes. Nothing good is sustained. Life just continues tomorrow exactly the same as it was today. Every bad decision plagues me and losses I've suffered haunt my thoughts. On the rare occasion I attempt to reach out, I know I will mostly be met with half hearted attempts to listen or understand. There is usually only a distracted silence on the other end of the line. 

Night before last, while lying awake, I realized I understood people who committed suicide. That scared me. I am in a dark place and I have never felt more alone in my life. This is a time where I could have used the most support. At this time I no longer feel capable of maintaining relationships. It's taking so much effort and I need to put everything I have left into my children. They have to be my primary focus and I'm just not sure I have enough in me to be a good mom and daughter/sister etc.