My brother molested me
My brother started molesting me ever since we both were very young. He would insert his fingers inside my vagina and there were instances where he would poke my nipples and stop talking to me/behave rudely if I didn't let him. I was around 6-7 years old at that point of time and he was three years older to me. Our parents never introduced the concept of consent to us or about sexual abuse, and I do understand now that it was probably just curiosity why he did that. However it didn't end there. When I was in grade 9, (he was in 12, not legally an adult, but 17 years old) one night he squeezed my breasts and asked if he could suck them. I was horrified shocked and said no, shoved him off and went away. He was alarmed that I had reacted that way and asked me not to tell my parents (which implies he knows how wrong it is). After that around 7 years have passed and I have never been able to get it off my mind, he never apologised to me and behaved as if everything was normal. I started distancing myself from him, as well as my family because it was unbearable for me to get compared to him at every step or the other, when I know what an absolute monster he is. One year back I learnt he attempted to molest one of his batchmates when he was drunk. I however have no definite proof of it or have not verified it myself, and only one of his classmates have told me this. A few months back (I am 20 now) I had an ugly altercation with my brother and I ended up calling him out for it in a fit of rage. He apologised and said it was a mistake, however I am not convinced. If it really was a one-time mistake, why would he molest his classmate? It just does not add up to me. I've seen a therapist and even though she was really good, even she tried to coax me to forgive my brother which isn't at all coming from me. She told me "people make mistakes but people are not their mistakes". It doesn't make sense to me because even though I agree with her, I think after one point of time there is a clear distinction between a mistake and a choice. I have gathered up enough courage to tell my parents and they are in shock. They are trying to help me out with it, but nothing that they are saying is helping me. He has always been the favourite and always been treated with bias, however I myself do not know what I want out of this. I'm in a huge mess. I do not know whether I will ever be able to even have good connections with my parents because I feel my brother is always in the middle. I cannot bear being close to anyone who is close with my brother. I am posting it here to ask for advice. My father has heart issues and he has taken it very badly and both of them are blaming themselves as failures as parents. My mother thinks it's going to get healed over time and has even gone as far as saying people have it worse than me. I do not know what to feel or say, as I do not believe I am in a competition in who gets abused more. The main thing I am worried about is I'm scared of my brother, because he seems like a psychopath to me. He has terribly strong opinions about woman empowerment, and how strong rape laws should be and he considers himself an all in all feminist and here he is, molesting his own sister. I think he is a potential sex offender and the most ideal thing would be if he would be locked in forever. I do not know how this works together and what really to do at this point of time. It has affected me beyond repair. I have body issies, trust issues and confidence issues simply because of this. I do not know what to do.