Did this guy sexual assault or?
So I'm 20 and met this 26 yr old at the club on Sat.  Knew something was weird when he legit waited for me while I was taking pics with my friends. Gave him my alternative number and texted him a bit. Seemed cool. Wanted to hang out and talk so I agreed on Tuesday evening at the mall. We did and the convo went okay. I already noticed red flags like how he mentioned he would put a recorder under his bed to see if the ex was cheating as well as well as wait at her work to see also. He then asked if I was talking to anyone else. Told him I was just meeting people bc I was tired of the consistent hurt. He then said he would keep me and how he feels a connection (red flag).

So we went back to this car..and he wanted to kiss. I told him no, that I barely know him and how I don't kiss on the first date. He kept asking like four times...and asked what book I was reading that said I had to not kiss on the first meet (red flag). I told him how I'm not easy. He was like, wow you're putting a wall. Like wtf? He then asked me to hold my hand...at this point, I was getting scared so I just did it. Next thing you know, he puts his hand on my thighs and starts rubbing them. I then held his hand because he was making his way to my private and going inside my dress..and I told him to stop. He didn't. Next thing you know, this guys bends over to where I was, pulls my dress back, and puts his head between my legs & starts licking my thighs/heading to my private. I was so scared and taken back. Tried to push him off of me....he wouldn't move despite me telling me to stop plus he was like 2x bigger than me. Luckily, he didn't get to my private as I was trying my best to hold my underwear so he wouldn't see it. He was like, "let me lick it baby. Relax. Relax. Enjoy it" I then started almost crying and he finally got up. Asked him what was that..and next thing you know, he exposed my boob and took out his private. Told me to touch it. Again, I couldn't move so I did...and felt so low. It wasn't until I pretended to get my pepper spray and then he pushed back. I was able to leave and the car. And I just sped off. He called three times after... I blocked his number. I unblocked today, thinking he would apologize and all he said was "couldn't stop thinking about you"

I just regret going into the car with him because he didn't portray that character in the beginning.