I don’t get guys... like at all.
I was walking to the tube today after i had a tutorial and as i was crossing a main road at around 1pm this afternoon, in a very public and open area. Me and this guy made eye contact... Pretty normal but then i looked away and then i looked to cross the road and he was still looking. 

Then we crossed the road and he started chatting to me. Seemed pretty normal. 

Then he was like “you’re really pretty, you must think i’m nice too hehe” i had my headphones in so kinda missed bits of it but then he asked for my name and where i lived. I said east. He said he lived west. 

Then he said “oh you seem really nice can i get your number or something i’d like to get to know you.

 I was like okay...gave him my number. He’s like when are you free. I’m like not until Friday/Saturday. He for some reason won’t believe this although i’ve told him i have deadlines... 

Then he was like cool, can i have a kiss i was like LOL no. Then he was like “come on don’t be shy.” And i was like “i’m alright thanks.” But he just keeps asking, then asks if i can kiss him and i’m saying “no. I don’t do that.  Sorry.” and then i’m like “right, i’m going this way now...” and he’s like “ok hug goodbye?” 

So i was like fine whatever, and then he kissed me on my cheek and i was like a bit annoyed but it’s a minor i suppose... until i realise he isn’t pulling away like you usually would post hug, he does that lingering around thing fairly close to my face and he then says “how about a proper one now?” 

I was like “are you for real?!” Like i’m pulling away quite aggressively and he’s still got me in the hug at this point. And i’m shouting “seriously, get off me” and he’s like “okok haha well i will definitely see you on saturday.” 

No you definitely will not. 

I’ve blocked his number etc. But it’s still grinding my gears that this happened. He genuinely seemed alright at the beginning. 

Not sure how i always seem to attract the nutters/unreliables/uncertain/inattentive/dishonest ones. 

But a guy i just started dating also decided today that it was too soon for him to date after being out of a relationship for 1.5 months (which is totally fine), but he told me to book mini golf for our next date a few days ago and then we hadn’t spoken over the weekend. I told him i’d booked it and he said great can’t wait and then i’ve been busy this weekend with uni work so today messaged like are we still on? And he was like i had a great time with you but i dont think im ready to date or anything yet and i don’t want to waste your time. I said that’s fine but annoying cause already booked it, he kindly paid me back. And said its a shame as i was looking forward to it and it was nice that we both weren’t wanting anything serious. I think it ended on alright terms, he said he just needed to figure stuff out with himself but he enjoyed meeting and talking to me. Didn’t really have anything to say. So that’s that. 

I’m not annoyed that we’re now not going to date, it’s not a big deal and if he needs time, that’s totally understandable and i said that to him. What i don’t get, is that had i not contacted him, when would he have contacted me?  I gave him the opportunity earlier in the week to be like oh no i don’t want to do anything, before i booked the activity. So i just don’t get why that happened, if i didn’t want to do something or i changed my mind, i would let the person know, when i change my mind. 

Anyways i’m tired of dating. Just gunna do me for a few months. 

Good luck to you all though. Today was a crappy day for relationship things. April & May have both been equally crappy for relationship things actually. 

TLDR: met a random stranger in the street who did not understand the word no. 
Guy i’d recently started dating let me go cause he wasn’t ready to date yet (totally fair and understandable) but he only let me know after i contacted him about our next date which had been already been booked and paid for.... 

Dating sucks. I’m taking a break.