Online Job Offer Response
Hello.

So I need help trying to come up with a response to an email from an online job that I applied for sometime ago.

They want me to move on top the next step of the application. I am still interested, but my problem is that I no longer am sure if I can do the work because of the present situation that we are in with the pandemic. My partner is now working from home, I have a good savings despite being laid off, and I have started collecting unemployment, so we are comfortable and I would probably get more from unemployment than I would the job (20 hours a week at $12.50 and hour). Initially, I applied for the job because I work in education and we have a lot of breaks.

I  don't think that I can handle the job at the moment because, quite frankly, my dog has been a nightmare to deal with the last few weeks. I am also trying to keep on top of helping a family member adjust to online learning that started up this week. But mostly, it is the darn dog! She is just over a year and still puppy-ish and also a demanding breed (she's half-Great Pyrenees). We're struggling enough to keep her occupied while my partner is working. I love her a lot, but she's still in training and very much a "I'll do what I want when I want to" type of dog.I cannot imagine it going well if both of us try to work at the same time. Is there a way that I convey this to the employer? I don't think it is wise to say that the reasons are due to my dog. 

Would something like be acceptable to respond to their email with?:  "Due to unforeseen family related circumstances that have arisen due to the outbreak of the coronavirus, though I am interested in the position, I find that right now I cannot commit to enough time to this job opportunity. Is there any chance that I can defer interest for now until a better time comes along?"

The job is supposed to be a flexible, independent contractor position, and they post opportunities frequently, so I don't think that they are exactly counting on me for the job or that I am their first pick, if that makes sense. There wasn't even an interview, just an application that I filled out more than a month ago.

&#x200B;

Any advice is appreciated! Thank you.