From a low income, URM, and first generation senior, the true reason for inequality in college applications is not standardized tests, but extra curriculars.
I understand that many studies show that those considered disadvantaged are going to score lower in the SAT/ACT than others, but that is a reflection of a larger inequality inside the U.S. Not only will their test scores be lower, but also their grades, volunteer hours, activities, etc. 

Getting a good SAT score 95% of the time requires heavy studying. My first PSAT score junior year without any studying was a 1260, then a 1370 on the April 2019 SAT. It was above average for sure, but no where near where I wanted.

Now here, people can claim that someone richer than me has access to test prep programs, tutors, Barron's books, etc. It's true that I was unable to use these resources when studying. I didn't need them though. Today, there is plenty of free resources that can be just as effective. If someone wants a past SAT QAS, 90% of the time you can find it free online. If someone wants to study reading and writing, Khan Academy is actually a really good resource. The only money I spent for studying was Uworld, which for $50 for two months, gave me the tools for an opportunity for a perfect 800 on math(Even if I would end up not getting that). In my viewpoint, better to spend $50 now with my own money from work than be burdened with thousands in loans. 

If you don't already know, if you have free lunch or any other requirement, you can go to your counselor and get a fee waiver, which provides 2 SATs, 2 sittings for subject tests, and an unlimited amount of colleges you can send your SAT scores to.

Over the summer. I studied well enough to manage a 1500 on the SAT(750,750), even with one of the worst math curves. My financial woes didn't prevent me from getting a score I wanted.

Great. Now with a great score, and a decent GPA with 11 APs, based on academics alone I can compete for top schools. 

But we all know academics is your ticket to the lottery, not your ticket in. There's still essays, recommendations, and extra curriculars. Two of these things don't depend on your finances. And this is where the true inequality arises.

A student's access to extra curriculars depends entirely on the socioeconomic status of their neighborhood and school. You won't find clubs dedicated to olympiads or volunteering at poor schools. Some sports may require a registration fee, and require the student to pay for their own equipment. Some sports might not even be available. While I do go to a good school that does have access to all these clubs/sports, sometimes the time needed to participate simply doesn't exists.

If you're poor, you know that family responsibilities make up a significant portion of your life. Whether it be work, or babysitting younger siblings for extended periods of time(sometimes even for whole days), there just isn't enough time during the school year to do what we're passionate about.

For me, it's the latter. In the summer, I would care for my 3 year old sister for around 8 hours a day, leaving me with just enough time to study for the SAT, and nothing else. Despite loving football, and even being in a position to start, I had to quit not because my parents forced me, but because I knew I couldn't give the time needed to be great or even good at the sport.

People rag on athletes for getting scholarships to top colleges with lacking qualifications, but at least someone will know they've worked hard for their goals. I know the only reason students get internships, or get to work alongside college professors, or somehow publish papers is because of connections. And they tell me this directly.

I care for my sister, providing food, education, and safety, yet if someone helps out at a soup kitchen, my hours are invalid, and theirs is viewed as "giving back to the community" and "selfless". So many students at my school school claim to volunteer often, but when pressured to say what they actually do, it winds up being essentially nothing but goofing around with friends, and they happen to be at a senior home. They don't help anyone, yet they are the good samaritans.

I know many people actually volunteer in good faith, and I commend your service. I also commend those who were able to follow their passions in biology, piano, basketball, or whatever they deem so. Just understand that not everyone gets the ability to even develop their passions. No, I can't just "get involved". I and many others have responsibilities that prevent us from such. 

If anything, the main reason I want to go to college is to finally do the things everyone else does on high school.

Passions are supposed to be the staple of our applications, instead of a seed that has yet to sprout. But for many students from low income households like myself, that is our situation.