I think my friend is being abused
Okay I’ll try to not reveal too much info.  So I have a good friend, she comes from a a strict religious family. Her parents are not her real parents keep in mind.  

The children there have a  certain age and requirement to have a phone which is fine. It’s 16+ and you have to have a job to pay for phone bills. That’s fine by my standards. 

However, my friend had turned that age and she has a job at a local store. So she does have the funds to pay their phone bill and they have do WiFi at home. She was finally given her phone and we were able to text easily.  

Texting is easier than having to physically walk over to the place (which is a mile away) and see if she’s home.  

Age had their phone for a while until it was taken away for no reason. They didn’t misbehave or anything (this is isnt the first time something like that this happened I’ll explain further). They had came over to my house, their sibling comes with her every time they come over.  Which is strange because there’s no one around their age to play with any of my siblings.  It’s really weird.  My two younger brothers are two young to play with the sibling while my two older siblings are older.  

I had asked about her phone and they said it was taken away for no reason. I asked if she had misbehaved possibly and she said no.  She said her parents decided to take away her phone despite meeting their requirements of the ability to have a phone.  

Then I asked what if there’s like an emergency and you need a phone (they drives alone to work late at night around 10 in a rural ghetto sorta neighborhood.) she had stated that her parents told her if it happened she should knock on every door to get help which is totally unsafe for a 16 year old girl to go to strangers houses let alone at around 10 PM.  However the houses are like at least a mile apart in this area.   

She then told me another story where her headlights had once gone out.  She didn’t have a flashlight or a phone for that matter, she had to drive on the pitch black.  

Another case where I suspect abuse is once I was over at her house, one of their kids (who has a problem) had wet their pants.  They began to scream at them for wetting his pants and told him to wash up. However I read that like screaming at young children for wetting their pants is bad. However this kid is slightly older. 

Another was I invited her to see a Disney movie. Her parents agreed to let her go the day before.  She was excited since she had wanted to see the movie. 
Next day we go to pick her up and she has tears in her eyes saying she couldn’t go at all. Later a few days ago I went to her house and asked about the movie.  She stated she didn’t get in trouble and her parents decided to not let her see the movie. 


So basically having a phone is good for safety. What if she got into a car crash? She couldn’t call for help. Even a. Flip up phone could be used but she doesn’t have that. I wouldn’t want my future 16 year old daughter walk at night all alone or drive at night alone with creepy people who are out there in the world.