How to address the passive aggressive advisor in the room?
Long story short: advisor is passive aggressive and it makes working as a team rough. Do I mention it to my supervisor or hr?

I’m an academic advisor for an online and military program. I am one of three advisors (supposed to be four but I’m filling the empty position as well till we file it), we report to a manager who reports to the associate provost of AA.
Two (and the empty position) are location at military bases while one advisor and the uppers are on main campus.
We deal with a lot of class cancellations due to low enrollment. So two weeks before class we call students in classes of one or two to move them to classes with three and four if possible, as long as it works with their degree program.
The manager asks that we communicate and work as a team to tackle all of this so we use google docs since it’s live.

One of the advisors started sending passive aggressive messages after I tried to communicate and help saying advisors have incorrectly advised his students in the past or didn’t tell him that they were advising the students. Out of the four of us, while we have mentioned it, we haven’t made a big deal bc we’re here to help and we can all do our jobs.
I helped one of his students who reached out to me. It wasn’t u til afterwards that I found out it was his student. So I let him know, forwarded what I sent the student and his facial expressions were very clear that he was upset about me helping the student.

Today (after all of this) I found out he’s been incorrectly advising my students and never once mentioned anything to me.

People make mistakes, but I’m tired of the passive aggressive “reply all” emails whether it’s towards me or not. It’s unprofessional and unnecessary.

A part of me just wants to mention to my supervisor that I don’t appreciate the emails and it’s rather hard to work as a TEAM with someone with that attitude just for the record. A part of me just wants to leave it alone.

Also it’s worth mentioning that I’m the only one that actually cares to better myself and do well with my job bc this is my field whereas the other two advisors are “stuck” and don’t care (they didn’t want to do evaluations and get feedback unless it was attached to raises).

Any thoughts how you would handle it?