I ended it last night
I (23F) ended it with the guy (23M) I was seeing for 4ish months last night. He sent a text out of no where asking to slow things down and I told him to call me. We talked for 40 minutes. He wanted to let it organically become a more serious relationship. He thought I was pushing for something serious too fast. In reality I knew we could never be a serious thing, so I was giving him what I thought he wanted. He was definitely confused, as I kept insisting we never had a chance at being serious. He would repeat "never say never" and I would respond with "no, you don't understand it can't work." I ended it with goodnight and goodbye.

I thought I could date just anyone. I thought it didn't matter if he didn't have his life together (we are 23 who has their life together?), but it was more than that. He wasn't motivated by anything and had no passion in life. He hated his job (bartending) and kept talking about all these crazy next steps. I tried helping him and I wanted to give advice but, I'm in a very different place.

I have my bachelors. I'm currently finishing up my masters degree. I'm looking for PhD programs for the next 4 years... I was stringing him along because I was having fun but I knew that his directionless life was a major red flag for me. I want something serious, but I (edit: realized I) didn't want anything serious with him.

\^\^(Edit: these were the realizations I made after the fact. Not things I was purposely doing. **I didn't purposely string him along because I wanted fun. I thought I really wanted to be with him.** But once we talked it out i became aware what i was doing and the harm it would cause if continued).

This was an interesting dating experience for me and I learned a lot about what I want. I don't really know what to say now. I'm kind of sad it's over. So I posted here.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Love the comments its entertaining me. I would just like to add I am a hopeless romantic 23 year old who didn't think a difference in schedules, lifestyles, and goals would have an effect on a relationship whatsoever. It wasn't feasible and I recognized that but clung because romance?

**9:24 am:** *I'm responding to things instead of studying because I'm honestly intrigued by the conversations going on. There is a lot about the relationship I am leaving out. The "boo boo me I'm better than him but I'm having fun so im going to keep going along with this"  was never my intention. Guess what? We met on tinder. What do 20 year olds use tinder for? There is a weird thing that happens when you start the relationship with sex.... do we actually like each other or is this just fun. We go to know each other and we liked what we saw. but we also liked the sex. so when it gets to the point of continuing or ending, shit like this usually ends. For me, it just turned out it was just the sex. We went on a  handful of dates  over the 4 months. I could barely call it dating and it hurt. I cared for him and I wanted to help him move ahead, but i didnt want to mother him at the same time. Imagine trying to "date" someone and never going on dates and just going to his house to have sex and talk about life. im not claiming to be mature. im 23. this was the most real "relationship" i've ever had and it still ended. my point was i am trying to get my shit together and move ahead in life and what he was doing confused me. im not looking for some doctor/lawyer/superman, im just looking for someone who is career driven like me.*