I feel like this is it, the moment that could change everything.
And of course, in my cryptic title I do mean that "this is it" for me. My last opportunity to seize a life that's full of meaning and excitement. If I fail, I don't think there's anything out there for me. Not only am I tired of relying on other people to feel meaning and excitement, I don't believe I can (nor should anyone) even if I wanted to find it in others. 2 of the 3 people I ever loved and felt connected to absolutely destroyed me. To be specific, #1 Stranding me in the middle of nowhere across the country #2 Ghosting me after agreeing to plans, having me travel faraway to meet up. And #3? I was in a relationship with and we broke up - basically because I said I didn't feel as strongly about her as she did about me. 

So, I am looking towards a career that'll put me into a position to positively impact people's lives in a way that I find exciting. As you can imagine, it's a tough career field to get into. And unfortunately, I fell off the damn wagon, I was putting a lot of effort to get into it and I eventually fell apart. Now I can't find it in myself to do what I need to do. Why? Well, besides the fear of failure, I am somewhat content with doing nothing. As in, I could literally sit in my room all day, everyday, doing almost nothing and feel "content." I say "content" because obviously there's a small yet significant part of me that wants to leave a legacy, make an impact - make a purpose out of my meaningless life (I consider myself an existentialist, and I believe life is meaningless, you ascribe meaning to it). And the fact of the matter is, I can't sustain myself doing NOTHING. 

So I need to push myself to be productive and make this a reality. But I don't know how. I think I just gotta push myself to do a little each day, and hopefully I end up doing more than I am pushing myself to do. Why waste a way a day bullshitting it away, just to forget about the minuscule amount of pleasure I got out of it anyways? Might as well do the crap I don't want to do, but need to do to in order to get into the field, just forget the pain, tediousness and minor inconveniencing as I do the minor pleasure I've experienced doing nothing. 

Lastly, I don't know what to do about the third person I mentioned. We recently reconciled and agreed to have a casual relationship (i.e., it's an open relationship with no expectations that we will get married or anything like that...). I really want to love her in a romantic way. Though, I do love her in some way. She's such an angelic, well meaning person, wouldn't hurt a fly. She's funny, intelligent and beautiful. But the romantic love hasn't been there for me, I suppose the "chemistry." A part of me fears that it was only because I was comparing her to my first love who I was crazy for (and well, she was person #2, so clearly she isn't even a good person) - but that could've all been situational (I was going through a lot and she was there for me + nothing beats your first love, it's like taking a drug for the first time...and you're always chasing that high - but you'll never have it again). Plus, there were plenty of reasons for there to be a lack of passion - because we rarely did anything fun and exciting together. We did quite the opposite, we'd spend a week together doing nothing in the confines of her apartment. And now I'm worried I might've lost my chance with her because she seemingly has forgotten being head-over-heels, all-she-thinks-about, in love when we were together. I'm hoping that the whole situation changes when we can actually hangout again. But this is just the cherry on top in my eyes - it makes everything going on with my aspiration chasing 10x worse, if I had my career in order then this alone wouldn't be bothering me enough to post. 

But bothered doesn't even hit the nail on the head. I am hurting so very badly. I've struggled all my life (and I am in my late 20s now). And I will admit I don't appreciate how far I've come. From a loner without social skills, friends or girls to a social butterfly that's realized friends and girls are nice (y'know unless they turn out to be terrible people), but they're not all that. 

Please help me out here, it feels like I'm drowning and can barely keep my head afloat. Thanks for reading and hopefully the advice/kind words.