Feels like I'll [F25] never find what I'm looking for.
So I feel like I'm in a pickle because I'm basically a walking contradiction.

I have no desire or temperament for casual relationships/FWBs/ONS and I take dating seriously as a monogamous person - but I desire and require tons of freedom and space in a romantic partnership. My ideal set up is that of two committed, interdependent people: folks who have their separate hobbies, friends, and interests but enjoy life together and are loyal to each other. I'm an introvert and for the most part, I enjoy being single and have a pretty busy life. I don't like texting constantly and the most I can handle seeing my S/O in a week is three times top.

I've only had one real relationship and that was with someone who definitely *not* compatible with me in that sense. I've rejected all past (and subsequent) romantic opportunities at the first sign of clinginess from the other person. Frustratingly enough, I feel like all I encounter in the dating scene are guys who either want to hit-n-run or settle down ASAP and practically live inside each other's skins. The most ironic thing is that I seem to attract clingy men to me like a moth to a flame. (I suspect it's because I seem approachable and open-minded?) It's exceedingly rare that I'll meet someone with similar expectations as myself, and when I do there's no romantic compatibility.

For what it's worth, most of my dating nowadays is through online apps so that's probably why it's such a mixed bag. Friends and family have said it's because I just haven't found someone I'm crazy about, but I dunno. I know there's no real solution to this conundrum - nor am I the only one to ever experience it - but I felt like getting this off my chest! The struggle, is real.

On the bright side, that one dude who I saw eye-to-eye with but had no romantic connection? He once told me on a date that, "I figure if I'm feeling this way about something, then there has to be at least one other person out there who feels the same way."