My mom thinks I won't be able to keep a job because I changed hobbies
So last night my parents asked where we prefer they move for retirement and I told them they need to move wherever works best for them. They said what if I'm still living with them and I said "what, you guys are moving within the next two years?" And they said "no probably in eight years." These people think I'm gonna be living with them in 8 years?! I already have plans to move out after community college (lucky enough that they're letting me live at home), or maybe even while I'm in it (depending on when I get hired as a sheriff service officer since it takes at least nine months).

I tell them all this and my mom says "well you change your mind a lot so." I said that's for hobbies and she's like "well you don't wanna do orchestra anymore so." I said that's a hobby and having a job would be different. She said "you can't quit a job right away just cuz it feels awkward or something." I said that I'm quitting orchestra next semester because I'm *burnt out* from my former *passion* which is why I'm not gonna have my passion be my job so I don't get burnt out and want to quit or be miserable anyway or whatever. Plus I'm doing orchestra for the rest of the semester anyway and I do/have done other things I didn't wanna do anyway so why wouldn't I do that with a job?

She thinks that because I don't wanna do violin or orchestra anymore that means I won't be able to keep a job ever and I'll be living with my parents for *eight years* because of it. Wow. Ignore all the shit I'm doing to be more responsible and be able to live on my own and provide for myself, and pay attention to my fucking hobbies instead (she also brought up ASL cuz I was super into it at first but not anymore).

Then she brought up I wanted to be a musician but not anymore, and I told her I decided not to cuz it's not as realistic and I probably won't be able to support myself that way (on top of losing passion and stuff) so I decided something else. I dropped an unrealistic career for a more realistic career, but since I changed at all that means I won't be able to keep a job.

My dad was on my side luckily. He said that I'm right about a job not being a passion and just being something cool. He also said that an SSO is a good job. Being supportive and encouraging basically, instead of doubtful like my mom. I'm finally starting to get a solid and reasonable idea of my future and it feels like she's trying to tear me down.

I hate how my mom thinks I can't even move out of the house because my hobbies change. When I still did violin she had no second thoughts on anything,  I ditch violin and suddenly I'm gonna move out of state with them in 8 years still living with them and probably unemployed. Unbelievable.