28 years old with BA, but no real work experience or skills
This is going to sound long-winded so I'll try to keep it condensed. I'm a 28-year-old guy that's been NEET (Not in Education, Employment or Training) for about 1 year and 7 months. I graduated from college in Spring 2014 with a Bachelors of Arts in English. To be perfectly blunt, I never really knew what I wanted to do in life. I'm not good at math or any of the sciences, and only really settled on English because the graduation requirements at my school were lenient. My single mom placed an extreme emphasis on going to college while I was growing up, as she did not have her degree and never made much money. The main issue I have though is that I was never a very studious individual. I was bullied very heavily in college for a number of reasons, and I spent most of my teenage and young adult years overweight, depressed, and socially awkward. I've had jobs, but they've all been retail and I've never held one for longer than a year. My highest paying job was an assistant manager for a small pool store, which was just a glorified keyholder position that paid only 12.50/hour that I was let go from, mainly because my poor social skills made me disliked by my boss and my forgetfulness was making him lose patience.

The few friends that I have are all in jobs typically geared toward intellectuals. They're all programmers or in IT. They make close to six figures which makes me feel like a failure by comparison. The unfortunate side is that I've never really cared that much about math or learning skills. I just wanted a job that paid enough for me to live comfortably and afford things like video games or anime merch. I don't have any interests or hobbies that can be turned into a career. When I was in college I just assumed that getting a degree in any subject would enable me to find an entry-level job, but after dozens of interviews following my graduation I realized I had nothing to offer any employers. Sales is not an option because I do not have the social dexterity needed to perform well, and my appearance is not what I'd call ideal.

I don't know what to do. I know I need to make a decision about what I'm going to do to support myself for the rest of my life, but I get so overwhelmed that I shut down and do nothing. I know I need to focus on my diet, get some exercise, lose weight, and be on a good sleep schedule. I don't have the motivation or energy though. The only positive side to my situation is that unlike many people I know with degrees in useless majors, I have no debt from having good financial aid. I am not sure if going back to school for another degree at my age will be worth it, as I will still graduate with no experience.

Are there any entry level jobs that are just looking for four-year degrees in any subject? Right now my big priority is to at least start working full time and then figure out what I want to do from that point on.