It's hard not to feel lonely when everyone around you is in love, venting.
26 year old single guy here.  Just ended a situation with a potential partner from tinder, we haven't seen each other in almost a month after our 2nd date, and I got tired of waiting for her.  I'm confident in myself and my own value, I don't have issues with talking to women and all that jazz.  I'm content with being single, however, I'm actively looking for a relationship, and I'm sure all of us single people know, it feels hopeless.

&#x200B;

I currently live with my high school buddy and his girlfriend.  We all have a good relationship with each other, and its not awkward at all to live with them because they're both good friends of mine.  But there are times where they'll cuddle together and watch a movie, and I'll be in the other room, notice them, and start feeling like "wow, it would be great to have that right now.".  Whenever the other comes home, they're always there to greet them, ask how their day was, and give each other a kiss.  Stuff like that is what I want out of a relationship.  I'm in a band with some other friends of mine, and they are all in relationships, one of them is married, another just became engaged, so on, so forth.  I don't have a lot of friends, but I'm very close to the people I keep regular contact with.  And everyone is in a freaking relationship.  Now, there's a lot of good and bad that comes with both being single, and being in a relationship, and I'm embracing all of that while I can.  But a big part of me wants to have someone to love.  I work at a retail store, I sell shoes, and I deal with couples very often.  Seeing some good and some bad relationships gives me perspective, but I've also never been in love, so I'm always asking myself, is it better to have loved, then lost? or to have never loved at all?  I've never a serious relationship, and while I'm confident that if I keep trying I will make it, but I also can't help but just feel nothing but hopelessness.  I see so many posts on this sub of others in the same boat.  I feel for you all, its so rough out there.  I tell all of my friends to not take each other for granted, because a majority of them met before tinder hit.  But dammit, I want a good and fulfilling relationship, I know I'll have to deal with some shit to get there, but I have so much love to offer and I want to share it with someone.  My friends say to keep your head up always, and I do my best, but its some days like this that make it hard, you know what I mean?