My friend wants to kill himself... and his ex told him to just go ahead and do it.
I have no idea what to do. I know I can't fix it. I know it's not my responsibility, but that doesn't stop me from feeling obligated. He's told me so many times that I'm literally his only friend. He's still in love with his ex, a woman who constantly berates and belittles him in front of their three year old daughter. 

His daughter is his whole life. He forgoes social interaction in favor of being available in the event that his ex MIGHT give her to him for a day or the weekend or an hour. 

He puts her ahead of everything else in his life and still doubts that he's a good father. 

I can't tell him what a wonderful father he his. I mean I CAN, and I DO, but he doesn't hear it. 

I can't tell him that he IS deserving of love.
I can't tell him that his ex is a goddamn CUNT for playing games and making his daughter think that he doesn't want her. 

His ex, "Charity", won't give him notice on when she's going to drop off the kid. She won't respond to texts about when he gets to see her. 

Charity will start fights with Ryan in front of the kid and tell him what a shitty person and terrible father he is.

I swear to GOD, if I were there to witness this, that woman would be immediately lacking half her face. 

I just want to hug him and tell him things will get better. I want him to know that this pain is temporary. I want him to understand that one day his baby girl will be old enough to understand what's going on and she will be old enough to understand how much he loves her. 

Until then, he's hurting. Until then, he has to deal with Charity. Until then, every day that he drops that angel off, he's uncertain of when he'll get to see her again and that makes him want to end it. 

A few days ago, during a fight, Ryan asked Charity what she wanted him to do. She looked him dead in the eye and said, "Die."

Die. 

She's pulling his heart out, one fiber at a time, using his daughter as a pawn. 

It is heart breaking to watch this happen. I can't do anything about it. I can't fix her, I can't fix him, I can't repair their relationship or even mediate a degree of civility between them. 

He posted this on his Facebook:
*Sundays...Sundays are rough. Sundays I have to tell my beautiful girl good bye, and I love her. I have to be strong, not cry, and act happy. I have to tell her that I'll see her soon, knowing that I may not be strong enough to make it until the next time. Sundays I have to see Charity. Bittersweet. She is so beautiful, and I love her so much, yet she wants absolutely nothing to do with me...Rightfully so, but it doesn't ease my pain. Sundays are so hard, because when they leave, my whole life leaves with them. Sundays hurt. My heart hurts, my eyes hurt from crying, and my soul hurts. As much as Sundays kill me, sometimes Monday mornings are worse. You see, Monday morning I go to a friend's house where I stay, open the bedroom door and see nothing but memories. It never fails, as soon as I open that door, the tears fall. Not just little tears, but soul emptying tears. Tears that are pure pain...they don't stop until I'm unconscious. My daughter isn't there for me to hold. Charity isn't there to call me fathead. Everyone says it will ease with time, but I assure you it doesn't. ..and won't. Seeing her happy is bittersweet, because i want her to be happy...But, I want to be the one she is happy with. My happiness is across town, in a 3 bedroom home we had built to raise our family in. I'll never be allowed back into happiness. See, this is how my life will continue. Every day will be a Sunday or a Monday, even if it is a Tuesday or a Wednesday. Sometimes I think about it, and it seems like the whole situation would be better without me in the equation. Better for everyone, not just me. But, yes, I am tired of the pain. Just as much pain as I'm in, I have caused, too. Well, guys, that is my rant...and look at the time...it is a Monday. I'm not going to make it to see many more of these days, this I promise*


I want to help him. I want to be there for him. I can't tell you how many times I've driven the 40 minutes it takes to get to his work just to hang out for an hour with him on his lunch break, because I KNOW that it's when he has time to just sit around and miss his baby.