I was born a hermaphrodite and I want to die because of it.
I don't even know how to put all of my thoughts down properly here. I've been having terrible emotional breakdowns lately and I have no idea if talking about it will even help. All of the problems in my life are directly tied to a condition I was born with and how I've been treated because of it.

Based on what I know, when I was born my biological sex was ambiguous and doctors tried to have me surgically "corrected" into a female. My parents have denied knowing anything about it, but they refuse to let me have access to my medical records even though I'm an adult. The only reasons I have information about it are because of scars, genital pain, and hormone/ internal ultrasound testing from my gyno.

Nothing about my body is sexually correct. I have breasts, but I have male pattern chest hair and pubic hair. I have what should be a vagina, but it's actually just a small hole so narrow that I can't even use a tampon, much less have sex with it. I was born with a phallus, but they shaved it down until it was the appropriate size to be a clitoris. It hurts a lot now, even as an adult. Its like a terrible stinging sensation that gets so bad sometimes that it's brought me to tears before. I can't even touch the left side of it because it stings and burns so badly. 

I've always known that something was wrong about my body, even as a kid I knew that certain things weren't right and that I didn't feel the way that other girls did. My parents refused to acknowledge it and hid everything from me.

My parents were very rigid about gender roles when I was growing up and they punished me whenever I didn't behave like my forcibly assigned sex. Most of my earliest memories are of me crying because I was forced to wear dresses, makeup, and necklaces. I vividly remember begging my mom not to pierce my ears and spending my whole childhood wishing my ears would close up again because wearing earrings made me feel deeply sick.

When I got older, it just got worse. My parents wouldn't let me have hobbies or join clubs that they thought "weren't for my gender." they stopped me from doing even simple things like learning to play the trumpet. They refused to ever let me cut my hair above shoulder length and would only let me wear clothes that were "girl colors". If I did anything that deviated from what they wanted, they would scream at me and call me a faggot or a dyke. Even now as an adult living in their house they do this, and they've said physically threatening things like "You're not too old for us to spank you." 

When I turned 18 I started having serious medical problems. I ended up with an exceedingly rare kidney disorder from a hormone imbalance that came from the surgeries I was forced to have as a baby. I nearly died from it that winter, but still my parents told me nothing about my medical history. 

I didn't get diagnosed until I was 20, when my pain was getting so horrific that I had to quit school and my job. I went for my first visit to a gyno and she told me that I was abnormal. I felt like a complete idiot when she told me. My parents had always pulled  me out of sex ed in school, and I was raised in such a strict religious environment that I sincerely had never seen what anatomy was supposed to look like.

And I felt so broken and stupid then. 

I was so scared of what would happen that I didn't tell my parents anything that my doctor told me. I had been dating my boyfriend for years already and I was so scared to tell him that I waited months before I said anything to him either. 

I just feel like such a failure. I was never even remotely happy as a woman, but I know that my family, my boyfriend, and everyone else could never accept me as a man either. And I've never felt like a man in the first place. I've always felt like I was something between that, even as far back as I can remember. But I know that people could never understand that. Even someone as loving, patient, and kind as my boyfriend can't fully understand how deeply this hurts me.

I feel so completely alone in the world. I feel mutilated. I feel like a disappointment to my family because I can never be what they wanted physically or emotionally. I can't take the pain anymore either. I'm constantly peeing blood and my kidney feels like a knife in my back. I've been suffering from depression and dysphoria since early childhood, and years of therapy haven't helped me. 

I just want it to end. No more talk from my parents about how my entire existence is a sin. No more feeling like I'm a horrible mistake. And no more feeling like it's going to destroy my relationship and hurt the only person who ever truly loved me. 

I wish there were a way to fix this. I wish my parents had left my body alone and raised me in a way where I could have been myself. But now I feel so lost and alone that I don't even know who or what I am.