Can a member of upper management use his position to have me disciplined for something his wife told him I did, but was never reported to the company directly?
Today, my store co-manager came to tell me I was being given a discussion point (one step before being formally written up), for an issue that happened about a week and a half ago. He would not tell me who it was giving the complaint as the person didn't want me learning who they are, but apparently I refused to do something for his wife and she said something to him. He's now demanding I be written up, though none of my direct store management want to do anything, but as he's much higher up in the company they have to do *something* to me to appease him.

A little more background: I work in a grocery store in NC, I've been managing all the specialty cheese we sell but am moving to another store to work as a pastry chef. I spent half an afternoon helping out our cake decorator since she was very, very behind on her work and was off that day. A customer had come asking for a slice of a specific cake, as they were all on sale, but I had not seen any of that cake anywhere in our stock, and told her unfortunately we were out. She didn't seem angry or mad in the store and left, apparently to complain at her husband for it. I was told someone looked later on and found one of these cakes, yet our cake decorator kept things such a mess I couldn't find anything I needed to help her with and I haven't dealt with any of these products in almost 6 years. I was only helping because I had a replacement there for the position I was leaving. Also, as I was under an immense amount of stress that day due to a health issue, midterms at school, and having to go to my husband's grandfather's funeral the next day, I won't rule out the possibility that I missed the cake entirely in the back.

My co-manager said he did not agree with this, since first off a discussion point would be the first discipline used instead of going straight to a write up. Secondly he spoke to our HR rep who said that since the woman never reported it to the proper channels it's off the record, and also does not agree with the actions he was wanting taken against me. I believe it not only unfair but horribly unprofessional that someone would use their position to act like a giant spoiled child, basically. I'm wondering if I should speak to HR directly myself, if I would even have a viable claim about this? I'm well known to a lot of management for doing a great job, and as I'm transferring to open a large, new store in 3 weeks I will be seeing a large portion of the company's upper management. I'll have to wonder if this particular one is going to be there and scrutinizing everything I do (I was told he knows who I am, since his wife mentioned me by name).

TL;DR: upper manager pissed off I didn't have a product his wife wanted and is using his position to have me disciplines with a harsher punishment than what is outlined. Is this something I can speak to HR to address?