Scared of my future
sorry for that shitload of text

17M, from Russia and im really afraid of whats gonna happen to me when i graduate from school and in the next 1-2 years. 

3 months before the exams and im still very bad at what im currently studying (ive picked computer science, math and english as a planb). Im sure i can enter my local university but my town is just a shithole, friends of mine would go to Saint-Petersburg and a perspective of living alone in fucking Cherepovets and having no one to spend time with scares the shit out of me. 

i tried to start preparing more and having a schedule but when i try i just get scared of the amount of shit i have to master or i just practice something and then think that its enough studying for today (most of the time such "practice" just gets left in the past). 

i have a large passion on playing electric guitar and customizing clothing  and these things really bring me happiness. i have a couple of good friends i like to hang out with as well. The problem is i always choose to entertain myself instead of trying to focus on exams and picking between universities.my  focus is always on some art or entertainment BS like youtube, music bands, custom clothing, movies etc. i know a lot of info on such things but this just wont make any sense to me if i want to safely continue life without having to worry about finding a job or having no place of accomodation. my other problem is that many times id love to write a song or to design a clothing piece but every time i try to put my artistic thoughts into something i start thinking about exams being right behind my back and i just lose myself in figuring out what i should do first.

 right now my knowledge of computer science and english is waaay not enough to have a life where i wont bother too much and would have enough free time to really put all of  my artistic thoughts into music or clothing. i can master my skills of creating music or i can invest my moms money into making clothes and try to sell them but imo at the end of the day its only luck when it comes to making money on such things. i really want to start improving my knowledge but most of the time i just sit on my ass wanting to do shit and at the end of the  day i have nothing but controversies in my head.

i dont want to be all that successful and wealthy. i think my most cherished and desired wish is not bother too much about job and spend most of my free time hanging out with friends, play guitar and all that stuff. but when it comes to buying essentials, paying rent, having enough money to buy new equipment and enough time to master my art, i think that only a well-paid job with high entry threshold can provide me all of these things at the same time. but even if i start studying and having schedules i will probably get lost in it, spend all my time studying or working and have no time for life and it just sucks

 most of the time im happy with myself and free in things i do but it is only possible because its my parents  who pay the rent. what should i do reddit?  sry for bad punctuation, poor english and tautology