Suicide is on my mind 24/7 but I know all that I really want is to feel like I’m loved.
Hi everyone, my name is Everett. I’m turning 15 soon and I’ve grown up in an abusive religious family. I switched schools last year because I had to take care of my grandparents because they can’t support themselves anymore. My last school I got bullied a lot and people didn’t take me seriously when I talked. I don’t get bullied at my new school but it’s because of other reasons. People started making rumors of me at my new school that I was gonna kill everyone and “shoot up” the school.i don’t know who my real friends are and which ones just don’t want to be the “target” for “when I shoot up the school” because I have Asperger syndrome. I’ve been rejected my whole life to the point where I have no self confidence. My longest relationship ever was 1 month. I want something that’s longer but I feel like no one trusts me. My mother hates me because I constantly fuck up, and I turned out to be a male at birth instead of female. She wanted a girl. My real dad is a drunk bastard and I disconnected ties with him 2 years ago. My step dad is a religiously abusive person who thinks I have to follow his religious rules but he doesn’t. He constantly emotionally abuses me when I do things “not holy”. I’ve wanted to run away since I can remember up till about 6th grade when I realized with my state’s laws that I can’t and it would be easier to end myself. So I’ve attempted suicide 5 times since then and I’m such a failure I can’t even kill myself properly. Again, you might say that “I don’t need a girlfriend at my age” but i feel as if that is the only thing I want anymore. I recently got a job and I bought a few things that I thought might help but of course it didn’t. I just want to feel as if I’m loved and I want to turn my sadness into love for them. But of course I can’t have it. I’m doubting what I believe in right now. The only things that can remotely make me happy is my cats. I also think I’m a psychopath. Ive pointed a loaded .22 at my step dad before and if anything I should’ve pulled the fucking trigger. But of course, I’m such a fucking pussy I couldnt even do that properly . People keep telling me it’ll get better ever since i remember but it just keeps getting worse and worse. Parents legal rights are stupidly high compared to other states so emotional and physical abuse is usually permitted. I constantly build everything up because I don’t want to hurt anyone and I don’t know when it’ll come out. Everyone that I think I might have a chance with pushes me away after I express my feelings to them.it just has gotten to the point I can remember the last time I’ve smiled. I have to wear a mask in front of my parents (emotional mask) because if they found out I wanted to kill myself they would take one of the few things that is keeping me here today because they think video games and texting is all of my problems. I have to wear a mask everywhere I go because someone could report it and my parents would find out. It doesn’t help either that every adult I know doesn’t take me seriously because I’m not an adult. Anyways if you’ve read up to this point, thank you. (No formatting because I’m on my phone rn)