I've been with my wife for 9 years today.
Me and my wife have been together 9 years today. Married for a little over 2 years.

I'm moving out in 2 weeks.

She has agreed to go to marriage counseling with me after 8 months of me wanting her to go.

At this point I don't know what is left to save. She has prioritized her job and her friends over our marriage.

She hasn't spent more than a few nights in a row at home in the last 4 months. When I ask her if there is someone else she makes me feel like I am dick for not trusting her. The truth is I don't think she is cheating on me but I do believe she is having an affair with one of her girl friends. You don't spend this much time with someone if they don't mean something to you. She certainly hasn't spent as much time with me for the last couple years as she is spending with this friend. She went on 4 or 5 trips out of town. Went a lot of places I have wanted to take my wife for the last year but there was always to much work to go.

She cancelled the trip I had planned for my birthday in February to a city I really wanted to go to be aide of work. Then up and went there with her friend for 5 days on whim this summer. Only letting me know a couple days before they left. Then stayed for 3 days longer than she told me they were staying for. I just fucking swallowed it and didn't say anything.

Now that I'm speaking up and telling her how hurt and betrayed I'm feeling you think I'm just trying be a wet blanket.

Your able to go out and have fun and forget about me. I can't do that. This pain is killing me.

I don't know what magic fairy dust you think a marriage counselor is going to sprinkle on us.

I never thought I'd say this but I can't wait to move out. It wasn't my idea and I told you what a mistake it was. Now I just want to get the fuck away from you. You hate everything about me and not being around can only help my self-esteem and creativity.

It fucking hurts more than anything I've ever felt before. Anything has to be better than this though.