Professor made me cry and I feel so discouraged.
Hello everyone. I'm a 21 year old female about halfway through a vet tech program. It's really, really hard. I had a tough time last semester taking anatomy, chemistry, microbiology, large animal care, and medical math. 

I got a C in anatomy, failed chemistry (technically I got a D), got a B in micro, dropped large animal, and got a B in med math. It was a terrible semester. I absolutely hate being here and it stresses me out more than I can put into words. I don't even like this program anymore. I'm just doing it because I need to graduate college. 

So this semester sucks. I'm taking Parasitology, RATS lab (research animal stuff), clinical physiology, large animal care, small animal care, and a preceptorship prep class. It's a lot. There's a ton of parasites to memorize, I have a TON of essential skills (stuff the AVMA says I have to know and I am checked off on--if I get a Not Approaching (failing grade) and ANY essential skill in ANY class then I automatically fail the class. 

I'm constantly a ball of stress. I did good on my first round of essential skills but I'm falling behind. I missed handing in a few assignments, I have to start a paper for clin phys, I have to practice my technical standards, and I'm not doing so hot on tests. I feel completely overwhelmed.

Today I had my small animal lab. We did some check offs and I decided to put off a few until the end of the semester. My professor says, "Too bad, you're doing them now" and I end up with two Not Approaching. I can retry them at the end of the semester but it's like I wasted a chance. 

I don't know any of the dog restraints well so I was going to do them after our week break. I asked the professor to review them with me and when I hesitated she got huffy and said "Well you clearly didn't watch the videos" which I DID. She kept berating me and I started tearing up because it was in front of other people. I almost walked out. But I stuck it out and wiped my tears away and practiced. I left and was totally humiliated. 

She made another girl cry too but I don't think I can go back. It was mortifying. It made me hate being here even more. I'm sick of being broke, sick of all this extra bullshit, and sick of being dirt broke. It's killing me. I just want to go home.