I don't want to let our relationship go (X-post r/offmychest)
Yes, I posted this on another sub, but I just want to get this out there.

I know I said I wanted to give you your space. I know I implied that if you thought we should break up, I would support your decision. But I don't.
I want to be with you. I want to do anything I possibly can to keep this relationship going. You said that I was your best friend. You said that we would see each other just as much as we did before you went to college.

Now you say you're not happy anymore, that you're not in a place where you think you should be in a relationship. You said you think you're "cheating me" by not being available. Every time we talk, you're with your friends! "That's just because they're here and easily accessible." I can be, too! I'll take the nearly three hour bus ride to get to you! I'll sit quietly while you and your friends study! Just the thought of your face while you study makes me wish I could see you one more time. You get the most beautiful look on your face when you're really zeroed in on something. I want to see it again.

I just want to try one last time. I know you don't think it'll fix anything, but maybe you've just lost touch with what it's like to be in this relationship. We haven't seen each other in weeks, and I just want to give it one last shot. You don't even want to try. You've given up. After all (I thought) we've been through, I thought it'd be harder for you to let go. I thought you'd be willing to fight alongside me to make this work. But you think it's over. What am I supposed to say to that? Am I supposed to show up to your dorm on my hands and knees and beg you to stay? Am I supposed to trap you in a relationship you don't think you can be happy in? I don't get how this fell apart so quickly.

The worse part is that you think the last time I saw you was a bad experience. You don't get that being with you is all I want. I'll admit that it maybe wasn't the most eventful time I've had with you, but just the fact that I saw you was good enough for me.

Now I'm going to ask if we can still be friends. Not just to clean both of our consciences, but because I really do think you're a crazy cool person. If we didn't become romantically involved with one another and met under different circumstances, we probably would've become pretty good friends. Plus, I may end up going to the same school you go to, and at least knowing one person will really help me get over my anxiety of not making friends. But I wish I didn't know you as "just friends". I wish I could get there, and it'd be like we were reunited. But that's probably not going to happen.

I honestly wish I could be mad, too. I wish I could hate you and leave you behind, but honestly, you were the best thing that's ever happened to me. If it weren't for you, I'd still be content working in a fucking Starbucks kiosk. I would never have even applied for college, let alone THREE. You made me feel like I was worth something, and now that you're willing to just let me fall by the wayside, that feeling is wavering. I know it's unfair to both of us to base my sense of worth on you, but I can't help it.
This happened. This was a really big chapter in my life. I'll remember it years down the road. I'll always be thankful to have you in my life, and I wish you all the luck in the world. I'm sure you will excel at whatever you pursue. I hope we'll see each other again, even if it is as friends. And even if you think we can't be friends, I'm not changing my college plans, because if I'm going to fall flat on my face, I'm going to do it on my own terms. I once told you that as an excuse to not go to college and stay a loser. Now I'm saying as an excuse to work as hard as I can to become a success.