The only thing keeping me from killing myself is my wife and daughter. I am beginning to resent them for it.
I've talked to two therapist. They both encourage me to get a divorce (after a LOT of therapy). The issue is, I really think I can't handle the stress of a divorce. 

I love my daughter very much, and I want to see her grow up. However, I feel like a fucking robot that can't make anyone happy. I work harder and people ask for more of me.

Both my parents have died in the past year and my last words to both were "fuck you" (one deservedly, one not so much). I came from very humble beginnings and worked myself into management and after my dad died my work went to shit and I am getting canned. 

I just don't want to do any of this anymore, but I do becauee I have to. Not sure what I need or if I need anything from here, but it feels better to type it. 8 times I have had serious thoughts about suicide this year, everytime I think of my daughter and realize I can't.

The only thingnthatbreally help is smoking shittons of weed which, of course, leaves my wife dissappointed in me (I have been approved by a physician and live in an legal state. 

My younger brother is in jail and the whole system isndesigned tontake money from families and with me losing my job, it is expenaive to even talk to him.

Our world is cruel and I don't want to live in it.

I spent 10 years in the Army and did 3 tours in a Combat Arms job. I've earned real medals (bronze star with a V, ARCOM with a V) for actions in combat. No one gives a shit. No one cutsbyou any slack for killing for college money. For digging up IEDs for a poverty wage. For losing friends. 

And all I am is a disposable piece in this machine, school, work, the government, family. It's all just people in a line waiting for their piece of me.All this world and the people in it want is to take. I have nothing left to give. I am dead inside. 

I'll wake up and do it again tomorrow. I will wake up, get the babybready while my wife takes a shower. Drop off the baby. And gontrain my replacement and apply for jobs that will reject my resume. I'll home and work on my MBA homework so I can go hate my life for hopefully more money down the road. Fuck this all.