What do I do when I have way more experience than my very bossy boss?
So, recently my wife and I moved to my hometown - in part to help out my family, and my parents offered us their house for peanuts (they're building a new one). I've been cleaning for myself for about 25 years. I have a job lined up starting next summer. In the meantime I've taken work cleaning with a guy I've known for years. He started a company a couple years ago. I'm a pretty quiet person, and I don't mind doing things a different way if my employer wants me to. But he.....well, doesn't have a clue what he's doing. He's got huge contracts with a bunch of employees. He's not mean at all, but just says things like 'no, no, no, do it this way'. I should add there is a bit of a language/cultural barrier too. And when I say he's doing things wrong, it's not just a different way - he's putting chemicals that take wax off the floor over time - things like that. If I bring it up, he just sort of interrupts and tells me his experience with it.

 This came to a bit of a head the other night when he asked me how much I'd charge to strip a certain floor. He proceeded to tell me 'no, you charge far too much - market value is half of that at the most'. No discussion, even when I said I've been doing this for a long time and never had trouble with work. 

In addition to all of this, he works like he's in a panic. And he's usually hovering right by me, watching everything I do while he works too. I'll be mopping a floor, and he will come up, tell me to go start the next section and take the mop  instead of letting me finish up. It's all incredibly frustrating for me. 

I can't help but wonder if this is all because I'm used to working on my own or if he's truly hard to work with. I know some other people avoid working with/for him because he drives them crazy. The guy would give you the shirt off his back, but he's just a bit too manic for me. And he has a bunch of jobs. Probably works about 12 or more hours a day, 7 days a week. 

Since I start another job next summer, I can't very well go out and get my own contracts. I'm seriously thinking about taking a full time job somewhere around town, even if it doesn't pay that well, just to get away from working for him. I should add I'm not exactly making much with him. Although I have a suspicion I get paid more than his other employees (some are from his home country, and he tries to give them work usually). Anyway, looking for any advice or thoughts on this stressful situation 

TL;DR - boss works like he's in a panic; has very little experience compared to me. He's a friend of the family, which complicates things. I'm finding him super stressful to work for