Quit job and want to change career. What steps should I take?
Hi all

Firstly, thank you so much for taking the time to read my post. I'm 25, and after much deliberation, I quit my job a few days ago. As a brief background, I studied economics at university for 4 years, then upon graduation spent 2 years in investment banking. I quit that job in March to pursue an opportunity at a renewable energy company in an attempt to align my job more with my values, albeit the role was still working within mergers and acquisitions and exhibited the same stressors as my investment banking job. I quit this job a few days ago without much of a plan, although I am in a fortunate enough position to be able to sustain myself for the next year or so.

Reasons I quit: - Work/life balance. Upon graduating, I was full of energy and was not daunted by the long hours that characterise the finance industry. This energy, however, soon disappated. With little personal time, I miss greatly the things I used to do for enjoyment, such as reading, drawing, rock climbing and spending time with friends and family. I also am not motivated by money or status, so I found it difficult to justify continuing my career path. - Changing personality type. Before picking my university degree subject, I took several Myers-Briggs tests and was coming out as a strong INTJ, which to my knowledge would make me suited to finance/analytical type jobs. I took the test several times again recently and I'm now coming out as a strong INFP! Of course, I try not to define myself by four letters, but I think the change in my personality type can go some way to explaining my low mood. Numbers no longer interest me like they used to. I am good at analysing and manipulating data, but I don't see it as the means to an end. Rather, I see analysis as a supplementary tool to further my understanding of how I perceive the world. Spending endless hours in front of a computer screen has really worn me down. I miss having frequent interactions with people and nature and have a preference for honesty/integrity rather than doing all I can to get a deal/project approved. - Mental health. My mental health has taken a huge dent over the past few years and I was approaching breaking point. I began to freeze at work and could not function properly. I believe I have high levels of anxiety and a low mood currently, primarily driven by the career I have pursued up until now. I don't perform well in a high pressure environment.

My high level plan for the future: 1. Take a few weeks out to relax, catch up with friends and begin to try and enjoy life again by doing things I enjoy. I also plan to start seeing a counsellor to discuss the difficulties I am experiencing in relation to my anxiety and low mood 2. Find a low stress, guaranteed 9-5 job that I can coast on until I figure out where I'd like to take my career next. 3. Once I know what I want to do next, take time to go back to school (if necessary) and pursue my ideal career.

What I ask from you: I am quite certain that I want to turn my back on finance, however I am struggling to generate alternative career ideas. I have not developed my skill set outside of finance, so nothing really stands out. I have a preference for a career in which people are the main focus and where there is an element of being outdoors. I'm not overly bothered about utilising my economics degree in some way, as I fear that most jobs that an economics degree lead to do not match my values or personality. Furthermore, I view my degree as a sunk cost so I am not concerned about "putting it to waste". I kindly ask you how I should go about determining what career I'd like to pursue, and equally if you have any career suggestions that you think I may like based on this post I would love to hear. I am to retrain for a year / on the job, but taking another 3/4 is probably a stretch too far.

Thanks again for taking the time to read my post!