how should I deal with this
I've been struggling with this for quite some time for now and I've been having a lot of suicidal thoughts recently. I'm always saying I'm fine and that I'm okay. but I'm not. I'm very much not okay. every day my parents yell and bash me because I haven't been doing so well in school lately. I come from a very religious family and I've always been forced to go to church and pray, so basically it been shoved down my throat for years by my parents despite me telling them I didn't want to go. Many reasons stem from why I don't believe in the religion they want me to follow and basically its because I don't follow and I don't agree with their ideas and their way of treating each other. now I know this sounds off topic but let me get there. I am currently and have been for a while, struggling to find out who I am. sexuality wise and identity wise. What I've concluded is that I am a Bi-sexual male. though I can't openly express this to my parents because their beliefs think its "wrong" to be anything else but heterosexual. I feel like I'm going to be judged so much for just being...me. And being a male growing up to a father who some would call the typical man, held expectations on me as a male to me well...manly. and I've never been the super manly type and I can see and feel the disappointment in my dad's tone and attitude towards me. There's so much pressure on me being a male and coming from a family that is so judgmental towards "different" people. I feel like I'm being crushed by these expectations and pressure. My father never cared about me and only gets mad at my flaws and failures because it hurts his own self-image. he's admitted this many times. I would be crying and no one would bat an eye. I was crying in front of my father yelling at him "I just want to be happy" and he told me to suck it up and stop whining. I felt so pointless and hopeless. So unimportant to my dad.

All of this piled and piled on me and I would never show my feelings because again, it wasn't "manly" to show your feelings. I feel so trapped and crushed under these things. It would get to the point that I would cut myself just to feel something. I felt so numb and dead both inside and outside. I've made dates to kill myself but never followed through. I tried reaching out for help before but no one listened. My parents don't understand that someone could hate themselves or be this depressed. Whenever someone asks me if I'm okay or how I'm doing I always respond with I'm fine. I'm really not. At this point, I just want to be happy. nothing interests me anymore and nothing seems interesting. I can't do anything without thinking "what's the point, why am I doing this. there's nothing that will pay off from doing this". I feel so empty and alone. I push away friends and people I care about because I don't want them to see me and judge me for who I am. I feel hopeless. I feel like I'm drowning in this horror. I need to get help but I'm too scared...

I just wanted to share this because I needed to get it off my chest. This was the first place I thought of because I feel like I won't be judged here.