It's the year 1767
The College of Harvard and Stanford sent out their decisions four months ago so that the letters get delivered by carrier pigeons to the applicants' houses next week.

You open your letter and see "we regret to inform you but there was an influx of qualified students who applied this year. Our acceptance rate had to drop from 96% to 94% because we only have enough space for 30 students and over 40 applied. Unfortunately, your dumb ass did not qualify". It's unfair because you ran a successful business selling your family's eggs, helped draft the constitution, and even received an academic scholarship of $8.

You find that your neighbor George got into UPenn, where the acceptance rate dropped from 110% to 36%. His daddy owns a bomb ass hat factory and happens to make $1,000 a year while your fam makes $200 ($10 after taxes) a year. A scandal breaks out. Apparently, George's dad paid UPenn $500 and had a portrait painted of George posing on a buggy for the amish horse buggy UPenn racing team. George can't even tell the difference between a horse and a cow. Unfortunately, your dad being a legacy to harvard and donating $2 a year did not help you while George gets a whole straw hut named after him at UPenn.

Not to mention, George updated his facebook status to  "UPenn class of 1772" on the town news board and his dad bought him an apple islate x and you get the oldest version passed down to you by your 8th older sister.

You receive a letter a week after your rejection from the collegeboard that was mailed out last year apologizing for their failure to submit your SAT score because the mail guy's horse died halfway traveling from their HQ in texas to harvard in Boston. They refuse to refund you and you are out of $0.10

You have no choice but to attend your community college, where the teacher is 2 years older than you and there are kids ranging from 4-23 in your class, all learning the same things. You show up for the first day and see that they're just learning their abc's. The 22 year old dude in the class doesn't know the difference between the numbers 3 and 6. The teacher spends the rest of the first week of college teaching up to the letter "q" and the number 14. Meanwhile, george becomes a fuckin president and you end up being a goat farmer.             



\-u/gobananaboating