How can I manage-up a raging micromanager who lacks manners? Specifically, how can I address a 4-hr drive with him?
Here are the facts:

I have been with this new company for about 2 months. 

I've witnessed my manager have a rage fit (akin to a temper tantrum) directed at my colleague over something my manager misunderstood. 

My manager is a hyper micromanager that has embarrassed me "in front of" (typically through email) individuals both in and outside of our company.

He has a tendency towards rude behavior such as cutting you off mid sentence once he's decided he doesn't have time to listen. Also for example... He has told me to "be silent" in conference calls, then when I quietly try to assist him with a misspoken word or a note he's searching for he throws his hand up in the air to mime "Silence!!". 

The issue I have currently that I need help with is:
We have a project kick off meeting to attend 4 hours from our office. Long story short, he has told me that I am going no matter what. If I drive my car, I will be driving him back from the meeting, he will be taking a train to get to the meeting. 

He did not ask if I would give him a ride. He told me. He's done this once before regarding an hour-long drive to a meeting. (He asked: Are you driving to the meeting or taking a train? I told him: I'm going to drive. He said: Okay, then I'm going with you.) The meeting was first thing in the morning, I'd have to drive to pick him up then drive to the meeting.  Incidentally this didn't happen, because I was pulled to cover other work.

I am physically sick with anxiety, despite some honest efforts to accept it and process it. I'm even detailing my car this weekend, as I think that will set me slightly more at ease.

 In part I know it will be "fine", I don't believe he'll treat me poorly in the car. I am incredibly uncomfortable though, his behavior is inappropriate at best. I am also a young woman and uncomfortable with his apparent subconscious need to intimidate me and my female colleague.

Does anyone have any advice? Tips on how to get out of this? Anything that will set me at ease, and ease my nausea?

I know I could look at it as an opportunity to boost my relationship, but he's universally resented at my company and by our subcontractors.