Annoyed after 90 Days!!!
Background :
My position is new to the company,  the duties were handled by consultants.   Small Company, very old school approach towards manufacturing. 

I have 10 years in my Niche (QC) manufacturing experience and 5 of those as management. Along with an additional 5 years of Military (QC) experience and a few QMS Auditor certificates.

Here it goes:
So I was recruited for my current position, diners, drinks etc. for almost four months.  Which during this time caused me to mentally checkout at my last company.  When I was finally presented the offer it didn’t thrill me, but I reluctantly accepted.  

First 90 Days have come and gone, and I am still not impressed.  

I started as a team player, introduced myself,  gave my background etc.  Asked other members of management to let me know how I can add value to them and the team (where would they like me to insert myself not to step on their toes) Everything went really well for the first two weeks.

About the mid of my third week we had an issue appear and they asked for my opinion. So I gave my opinion (systematic failure) got dirty looks and quickly ended with “its real easy for me to say this because I wasn’t here when this happened and don’t know any of the specific details.. it’s a completely unbiased view of the situation.”  After this majority have given me the cold shoulder. 

After 30 days I had a 1:1 with my boss (VP) typical review until I asked strategic planning question, which appeared to offend him. I haven’t actually communicated with him in 60 days. Not by my choice, I’ve emailed, I’ve left voicemails, I’ve texted and seen that he has red the text (thank you read receipts) and  I’ve  physically attempted (multiple occasions) to talk but am still “ghosted”..

The president belittles my experience and certifications. Things have gotten better after a few discussions but still annoying.  

In general I feel majority of the staff is just lazy, the type that complain about being busy but take long breaks and lunches and then surf the internet in between those breaks and lunches.  

3 of 4 payroll deposits have been incorrect (under paid)... corrected when I question.

I am trying to remain positive that this is just a “initiation” test,  but I seriously dread going to the office.

What do I do?