People need to take a step back and look at the reality of things.
People overthink dating way to much, especially in regards to texting and online dating, often they will subconsciously assume that dating life is like what it is on some tv show or in movies or how they see everyone elses lives. 
That dosent reflect reality. 

A lot of people have insecurities or are insecure because of either how they were treated from past relationships or because of how they were brought up in family dynamics. 
And this can cause major trust issues. 

Unfortunately the way we see the world as kids will often shape how we see it as adults and can lead to unrealistic expectations of ourselves and others. 
Especially in unstable or manipulative family dynamics. 

(edit):  Alot of people do not know what they actually want or need and how to communicate that in a healthy way. 
We go by what we “think” we should have or do in a relationship, not what is actually best for us, because there is so much stigma from society and other people in general. 
Therefore some may find themselves in relationships or situations that they never actually wanted wether they know it or not, making them confused and miserable. 

Every relationship is different and has its own dynamics depending on the people in it. 
You go with what feels right, depending on the situation. 

Just because someone wants to take things slow or dosent text you back frequently dosent mean they are not into you. Or that they disappeared suddenly or left for a while. Things happen in peoples lives. 
And if they do ghost you, then they are not worth your time. 
You move on and try again or work on yourself if you think you have to. 

Often more then not people that take the time to get to know eachother will have better relationships then those who rush into them simply because they feel they have to be in one to be validated or valued as a person. 

People have thier own lives outside of dating and to have a healthy relationship you will need that. 

And everyone has that need to feel loved and cared for, its natural, but just because you are alone dosent mean you are worthless. 
Find something else that makes you happy and someone may come your way.