Why UCF has (so far) been the best decision of my life
Hey, guys.  Some of you may remember me from last year, when I, like you, was losing my mind over essays and test scores.  I was even sent to therapy over it. Good times. 

Well, I'm at UCF now, and I feel like a different person.  I'm so incredibly happy here.  I'm 100x healthier.  I now love school, and my anxiety has decreased dramatically.  And since I feel like state schools like UCF get overlooked/looked down upon by this sub, I feel obligated to express why it was the best decision I've ever made. 

For some background, I was a Class of 2018 National Merit Scholar.  I got a 1590 SAT and a 4.0 UW / 4.8 W GPA.  Multiple low-level awards, decent ECs.  I'm a math major / CS minor. 

1) Money. I went to UCF on a full-ride National Merit scholarship.  I absolutely do not have the words to express how much better this makes the experience.  I never, ever have to worry about student loans.  Hell, I don't even have to think about paying tuition.  I live in a 4-bedroom fully furnished apartment with 3 other people at arguably the best location on campus.  My scholarship guarantees me free on campus housing for all 4 years.  And everything, from tuition to books to housing to food, is free.  I even get a ~$2500 refund each semester which goes directly into my bank account. 

3) Quality of Education.  Yeah, I know, surprising that I'm saying this about Florida's biggest party school.  But let me tell you...UCF's honors college is LEGIT.  They give us the best professors and the smallest class sizes.  School doesn't even feel like school anymore.  The classes are very challenging and work intensive, but I'm enjoying myself so much that I barely notice.  I went from someone who hated every minute of school last year to someone who jumps out of bed every morning psyched to go to class. 

3) Opportunities.  I'm in an Honors Calc class with this amazing professor.  There's only like 17 of us, so he knows all of us really well and what we're capable of.  One day, he asks me to stay behind after class.  He says he thinks I'm really talented and he wants to work on an research project with me, which will culminate in me publishing an original thesis my senior year.  (At UCF, this is called doing an "Honors in the Major" thesis).  I'm not telling this story to be like "yay me" but more to stress that I hear about this happening almost every day in the honors college.  A similar thing happened to me in my CS class, which interestingly enough is NOT an honors class but rather a 200 person lecture (which is awesome, btw, it's actually my favorite class this semester).  

Aside from this, UCF and the honors college host internship fairs, advising sessions, and the like on a weekly basis.  I currently have three different advisors assigned to me.  I don't think I'll ever feel at a loss for opportunities--I already have a research position, as well as a software engineering internship lined up for this summer. 

4) The people.  This is already super long, so I'll just quickly mention that I've gotten the chance to make friends with so many brilliant, successful students both in and out of the honors college.  If I was under any sort of delusion that the "best students" would be at the ivy leagues, that was gone within the first week.  I am daily astounded and challenged by the intelligence and diligence of the students that surround me.  

So...yeah.  I'm the happiest I've ever been.  I barely remember the application process from last year.  I love UCF with all my heart and soul.  I wanna encourage you guys to stay strong, and please don't overlook "lesser" schools.  At first, I thought that because I was this "amazing student" who everyone thought was going to go to Harvard, I'd be ashamed to say I was going to UCF. Fuck that.  I'm proud as hell to be a UCF Knight.  

Go Knights, Charge on!