My friend isn't being safe online
I don't know if anyone will read this but I have no clue what to do My friend and I are 15. Everytime she comes over to chill she ends up facetiming a bunch of dudes. She is talking to a bunch of older guys online.

2 weeks ago she was calling a children's help line asking them what to do because this guy pretended to like her. he convinced her to send nudes then blackmailed her into sending more by sending them to others if she didn't listen. He even found her address.

I thought she had learned her lesson but on Friday she tells me about her boyfriend she met on facebook 3 weeks ago . She tells me he is 17. She's on FaceTime with him when he texts her asking us to make out on camera for him. I called him a perv and then went on with my makeup. I over heard her saying she will send a picture when she disappeared into my bathroom. I told her she shouldn't be sending nudes after what just happened. She says they where not fully naked so its okay. 

Yesterday I decide to stalk his facebook and it turns out he is 22. I tell her to call me asap. She ended up telling me she knew his age and that he was the love of her life. I tell her how sick he is for being Involved with a child. He can get in so much trouble for even having her pictures. I convince her to end it. 

She explains to me she loves the attention from these guys but it's unhealthy and dangerous.

Now today we FaceTime and she was talking about this 18 hear old that is going to wait 3 years till she turns 18 and they are gonna live together and he loves in the states (we are in Canada). Her mom is my art teacher and I'm debating ruining our friendship by telling her mom because I am worried about her.

Idk if anyone is familar with grooming but this guy she talks to gives her free smokes in exchange for someone to talk to but what happens when she gets desperate for smokes and he asks for more than just a conversation. 

She is constantly putting herself in danger and I can't stand to sit and watch anymore these are sick fucks taking advantage of my young, naive, insecure, and vulnerable friend.

If you have made it this far and have any opinions please leave them here.