What should I do about this situation at my current job?
Sorry it’s long but I need some advice!!!

So I got hired about two months ago at a hair salon to be the only esthetician and to do facials waxing and lashes. I didn’t have a clients but the owner said do a lot of Facebook and Instagram advertising and things and give out flyers to local businesses and “supposedly” she had a lot of people asking about services saying there was no one in town who does facials or lashes so I would get a lot of people (haven’t gotten that many yet). So now two months later I’m slowly building a clientele I have now 5 clients it’s not much but I’m getting there slowly and I just got one yesterday who wants to book next week for thanksgiving. Also one of the hairstylist who also was an instructor in the past says it takes time to build clients. So today I come in early I have an appointment for someone to get a facial with me. I walk in I was the first one there today and I see a massage table out in the salon area thinking did they get a new table in the spa room or something? Then I get in my room the same table was there so I was like ok whatever maybe it’s the massage lady’s (she’s finishing up soon to retire in January) then I get out of the facial room and then see a girl there doing lashes. Then the owner was like this is so and so (so mad I forgot her name) and I was like oh hi blah blah blah and then I had to leave the salon for the day. Do you think that was rude of the salon owner to do me like that? She never did say in the beginning there were going to be two people doing lashes or two Esthetician’s she said it would just be me only by myself. I just show up today and there she is doing lashes. I wasn’t even told heads up she was going to be working with us or her asking if it’s ok with me or anything for all I know she could be looking for new clients too. This girl could be getting all my lash clients when people call the salon and what if they forget and don’t mention my name and they just want to book for lashes thinking umm the only one there and she gets the appointments instead and I’ll be the one getting no business again. Do you think that was wrong/rude of the salon owner? Should I probably be looking for somewhere else to work where I won’t have to compete doing lashes if that girl also needs new clients? I’m so upset/mad about this! What would you do in this situation?