Overthinking In Dating
This is simply one perspective on an all too common issue that both men and women face in the search for love and connection. When we are looking for love, or someone to love us, our ego often sticks its head out and creates false realities that override what is actually going on around you, in my experience at least and maybe yours too. For instance, at one point I would overthink things so badly that I had simply sent a cute baby animal picture to a girl I had been dating for some time and the result that my overthinking mind came to was that she would either break up with me when she replied or that she would simply stop talking to me. In reality, she was having a terrible day as it just so happened to be the anniversary of her father's death and seeing her favorite baby animal made her day. That text also made us closer as she shared her emotions and about the intimate issues that she suffered from with the loss of her father.

Then again later with this same women, she canceled on one date after never having canceled before and my overthinking mind concluded that she no longer loved me. We spoke for a bit and apparently she had a small procedure and she had some extra swelling. Again, my overthinking mind concluded that this must not be the real issue and the real issue is that she no longer loves me and that I am unlovable although I never let this show. She went on to tell me she really wanted to see me and wanted to see me as soon as she could which didn't settle my mind until I had a two simple realizations.

1. The first realization is that our universe is complete and utter chaos but it only feels chaotic when we fight the true chaos of reality. Take a monk for instance. To truly be a Buhdist monk is to simply be and accept the world as it is and they are at peace. Take for instance the other end of the spectrum the Wall Street stock trader constantly racing to change their life, earn more money and get that next sale constantly filled with stress and anxiety which is the simple truth of not accepting the current state of life and the chaos of life. When you embrace and give in to the chaos and the fact that you really cannot control the world, peace and serenity will come to you and overthinking is nullified.
2. The second is that in order to build a healthy relationship, the basis should be trust and honesty which is not what I was doing. I was not trusting fully when she told me that the reason she wanted to cancel was that she had massive swelling and was too uncomfortable to go on a date. She has never lied to me or be honest up until now and so I have no reason to not believe her but my mind would race to look for the reason behind the reason which was my subconscious trying to find a reason to back up a limiting belief that I have had for some time that "I am unlovable" which is false as she very obviously loves me but that limiting belief wanted me to not trust her as it did not match that limiting, false, belief.

I hope this helps you and finds you well. [https://www.tacomabehavioralhealth.com/](https://www.tacomabehavioralhealth.com/)