Is it okay to quit a job if its causes high anxiety? I cant deal with rejecting sick animals.
I had recently (1 month) started a job at an animal hospital and I thought it would be great. I love animals. I mean LOVE. I figured I could just try a part time job to see if I would maybe want to be a Vet in the future. Except from this job it was mostly just dealing with difficult clients. Like ones that belittle you and insult you. I could deal with mean clients. I've worked customer service in the food industry, but what got to me was the sick pets.

We would often get calls from owners asking if we can see their sick pets. Throwing up, seizing, itching, diarrhea, etc. It had a wide range. But the common thing was the pet was sick and the owner wanted them seen ASAP i.e. same day. Obviously I get why the owners would freak out and cause trouble but what really was causing me the emotional stress was having to refuse seeing their pets. This could happened several times a day and nearly every day I worked. We had to refuse to see the pet because there was only 1 doctor working at that hospital and we were constantly over booked and under staffed. 

When ever I had to refuse to schedule to see the sick pet that day I would try to make a future appointment for them but we were always booked out 2-3weeks out. The only other options was to direct the pet owner to another hospital or emergency hospital. This was often met with things like "You're heartless to animals!" or "you guys really dont care huh?" Like I said I've been cussed out by customers in the food industry before but it really hurts to be called heartless to animals when I really love them a lot. It just hit deep in my core. I dont know. I'm weak I guess. But this just ruined the work for me. 

I dreaded going into work each day. I fear clients calling about a sick pet. The work itself was already hard, requiring 4+ weeks of computer trainning and ~2 months of shadow trainning. I could have eventually adjusted to the hardships of the job, but the emotional anxiety just makes me want to give up. I wanted to quit week 1 but I tried to stick it out till now 1 month later. 

I know jobs can take a while to learn. I've have my hand in several other jobs in the past ranging 6 months to 2 years long. This just hurts and it's only been 1 month. 

I've written a letter of resignation and I plan to email it to my manager. I will text him to check his email. In my letter I said I want to quit immediately as I am still being shadow trained so I'm not covering any actually shifts and figured I might as well stop wasting the time of who is trainning me. I did offer to stay for 2 weeks if they wanted me to. 

I just want to know if this is the right way to do this? Is there a better way I should deliver my resignation? Can I quit without 2 weeks notice?

Should I even be quitting just because its emotionally destroying me? It has actually caused me to be getting sick recently and I cant focus in class. 

What do I do?

TLDR: Job causes me high anxiety because it deals with turning away sick pets and I love animals and just want to help them. I get yelled at by the concerned pet owners regularly. How do I quit in a professional way? Can I quit same day if they dont actually need me?

Edit: Maybe this will help some people. I am still living at home so rent isnt my concerned yet. Also some have been saying I need to suck it up bc I want to work as a Vet but I took this job to see if I was interested, not that this is my future career goal. I am actually studying Molecular Biology to work in the Biotech Industry currently. This job has solidified that I dont want to be a Vet. Also some have said this is the reality of the work force, so suck it up. Like I've said I have worked customer service before. I can deal with some crazy yelling at me about coffee being too hot or whatever. Just not this side of denying a sick pet. I'll respond to ppl directly after work....