I am depressed and I lost all of my friends. I feel so alone.
For my entire life, I have dealt with severe persistent depression (dysthymia as the diagnosis) and anxiety. I have gone through a lot of stuff, especially toxic friendships throughout life. These past few months have been especially tough for me. I got involved in a "relationship" that didn't end up in a relationship due to his and my own mental instability. He refused to work together on it and trying to work on some things we both had issues with. This made me feel as if he didn't really care about me. Tonight he told me he definitely did not have romantic feelings for me anymore. After that, my best friend (Let's call her Katie) contacted me for help involving her struggling with suicidal thoughts (not necessarily wanting to kill herself, more so that the thought of suicide made her anxious). Anyways, after I helped her to the best of my ability, I felt great. (I want to be a therapist so this is rewarding to me if I can help anyone.) But then, she told me something. I have had this other friend for a long long time. (Let's call her Amy) Throughout high school, Amy and I had issues because her mother absolutely despised me and created issues for our friendship. I am pretty sure she blamed a lot of stuff on me to her mom so she wouldn't get in trouble for it. As a result, I began getting left out of our friend group a lot and was treated like an outcast. She has been a pretty shitty friend to me. Last year, Amy moved away to go to a different college, which made things so much easier for me, life was going great. But this summer she moved back to town and is transferring to our hometown college. Immediately life started going back to how it used to be. Katie hangs out with them a ton and I am just alone and don't really get invited. I ended up saying something to Katie and asked her if she thinks everyone is going to start excluding me again and I said something like, "Since Amy moved back, everyone flocks to her like she is crack". This is not a great thing to say but I was frustrated and panicking at the time. Katie was with Amy and another girl at the time, and I thought Katie wouldn't show anyone and this was a private convo (my mistake for thinking that would be true). Tonight, after feeling the gratification of helping her, Katie decided to tell me that the other girl she was with and Amy read what I said. I genuinely didn't say anything super mean, just that I was frustrated that as soon as she moves back, I get dropped. Katie told me the other girl she was with said: "that is just disrespectful and out of line". and Amy said, "I'm glad I know how she really feels about me". Sorry for the long story but now, I just feel like nothing. I feel that I mess up every friendship. But at the same time, I am frustrated with the fact that if they do anything to hurt me, it means nothing, but if I do anything I am automatically this horrible human being. They act as if they have done nothing to me. I left my group message with all my friends, which was my main source of support and I stopped talking to the boy who finally told me he has lost all romantic feelings for me. (He talked to me every day for about a month after he "ended things" and said he still had feelings for me for the longest time). I feel so alone and like I have hit rock bottom once again. I feel suicidal but I know myself enough to know I won't do anything. I don't want to die; I want the pain and hurt to stop. I just wish people would care for me the amount I care for them. I wish people actually understand that they hurt me and, not to be self-centered, but put themselves in my shoes for just a second.