Still in love with my ex, and seeing her so happy with her new boyfriend is absolutely destroying me.
She broke up with me 3 months ago, became "official" 2 weeks later with her new boyfriend (who she met a month and a half prior to breaking up with me... while she was on vacation in the US Virgin Islands).

It absolutely destroys me to see the pictures she posts on facebook, especially the accompanying comments of "he's perfect" and how she "finally found the right fit" etc.
I still love her way too much, even after realizing that she was basically cheating on me (emotionally) with this guy for the last 1 1/2 months of our relationship. Even knowing that, I can't seem to let her go or move on from it. I haven't had any contact with her for 2 months now, and have deleted her #, texts, pictures, etc. I even deleted her off facebook almost immediately, but curiosity still gets the best of me every few weeks and I check out her page which has some stuff open to public view - that's how I'm seeing these pictures of the two of them together.

Anyway, there's a TON more to go along with all of that, but basically it has led me into a horrible spiral of depression that I can't claw my way out of no matter how hard I try. Some days are good, some bad, but it seems like there are WAYYYY more bad/"blah" days than there are mediocre or ok days.

The worst part about it is that he lives halfway across the country (about 600 miles) from her (us), and she is somehow finding tons of time to go visit him (2 week trip this last time from what I heard), whereas she could hardly ever spend time with me when we were together. She was still in school when I was with her, so was extremely busy with homework and her numerous jobs... it just kills me to see her setting aside so much time for him (even though she's out of school now) when it was difficult to even find a day for me each week.


I wish I could talk to her and tell her how I feel - tell HIM how I feel, and that if he ever lays a finger on her I WILL make him regret it.

I know I should probably be mad at her for going behind my back and causing all this pain, but really, I care way too much about her and still love her, so can't force myself to be angry at her. Him, on the other hand........ he knew she was with me when they met, yet he still stayed in contact with her. I'm 99% sure he's the reason she broke up with me, but whatever.

Anyway, nobody wants to read it and nobody cares. I just needed to vent a little bit. There's too much fucking pain bottled up in me to want to deal with it anymore, so figured if I typed it out it might help. Guess I was wrong. Whatever.