Help me decide if I should spend money on a new tooth or not!
Ok the title is pretty funny ngl but I actually need your guy’s opinion on this serious matter.

Background: i am a senior in high school and i just got my braces taken off a few months ago after having them for like 6 years. I also do not have my upper left incisor tooth (the one right next to your front tooth) because my mouth was too small and it had to get pulled. 

So when I got my braces off, I had to get a retainer with a bar across the front of my teeth with a tooth attached (so It looked like I still have all my teeth).  I didn’t mind the retainer too much bc I figured i could live with the bar across my teeth for a month for so. Then, my doctor just told me that I will have to wait until the end of April to get my actual implant so I will have to keep the retainer with the bar across the front until then.

I hate to smile with my teeth and I am very self conscious about having my retainer in all the time. I realize this sounds stupid but I just feel like the only person in the world that has to wear a retainer and that doesn’t have a perfect, metal free mouth. And again, I know it might sound dumb but this retainer really impacts my self confidence. I thought that when I got my braces off, my hatred for my smile would stop, but now that I am supposed to wear this for longer makes me want to cry.

Although, my doctor gave me the option of keeping the retainer with the bar across the  front of the teeth for the next 3 months OR getting a retainer without a bear across the front with a tooth still attached but for $250

I do have the money (my parents aren’t paying for it) but I worry that I’m spending a lot of money on something that I will use for 3 months only. BUT I am going to a trip to London and Paris in the beginning of April and I really really do not want to go there looking and feeling like this.

So, I need to decide if I should keep my retainer with the bar across the teeth OR buy the $250 one without the bar?

Pls tell me what you would do!!!!