I'm a depressed $30 a day worker that needs advice.
This is gonna be a long one so if youre not interested in hearing a Millenial whine and ask dumb questions please move on. 

I'm 23 years old, i work a minimum wage job for 30ish dollars a day. I'm miserable. Ive been blaming the system but I realize that will just end with me hanging from the ceiling fan sooner than later.

First things first, I like hard work. When im at work I work. No talking, no chit chatting, just me and my work. Im the fastest production line worker in the company right now. But my boss sees my quietness as a bad thing, and I have been passed up for raises twice because of it. And my coworkers dislike me, or rather "are made to feel unwelcome and uncomfortable by my attitude".

I'm antisocial and anxious, speaking to my coworkers about anything but the task at hand drains me and irritates me. Is it so wrong to devote my shift entirely to my work? Will it really get me nowhere if I can't communicate mindless dribble to my coworkers? This is my main issue, this is what has actually led to me losing jobs in the past.

Second, I want an 8 hour shift. I dont want to work 16 hour days with a trade. I know people see this as whiney and entitled, but I have a family I like to spend time with every day. They make me happy and are the only reason i havent offed myself already. Is it so wrong to show up when your shift starts and leave when it ends? Will i really get nowhere if i dont dedicate my entire day to my job? Is that really what it takes? Is being the best damn worker in the business for exactly 8 hours a day not enough to be successful?

Last, I am bipolar. I get sick a lot. Sometimes i cant even force myself to stand up. And sometimes I call in because if i dont i will be less than useless at work and i know the only thing keeping me employed is how fast I can turn over products and i know if i show up and screw everything up im as good as fired. My boss knows of my condition and "tolerates" it. But usually i get snide remarks and unhelpful "advice" on how to be less worthless. Calling in hurts the company, i know. But even with medicine it's the only choice I have sometimes. It makes my coworkers hate me even more and hurts my chances of ever moving to full time again. Entitled again, I know. But if anyone has advice in this area, please let me know.

Im lost. I cant get my mind around these things and I'm so close to giving up. If staying at work for 10-16 hours a day is required, and so is being a social butterfly, to be a successful part of society than I think I'm just not cut out for it. If what i do makes me a lazy piece of garbage like my brother tells me, than I'm better off not being here anymore.