My boss tried to pressure me to come into work, at a restaurant, while I have the flu.
This flu epidemic is scary. Last I saw over 70 people have died of it. I work in a franchise diner, as a server, and many of our customers are elderly people. I think it could be extremely irresponsible to put people at risk of getting sick, not to mention putting myself at risk by working night shifts on my feet for 8-10 hours while I'm really sick.

I told her initially that I was afraid I might have caught the flu, and I missed one shift. I had the following three days scheduled off, so I told her that if I wasn't feeling better by my next scheduled shift, I would get a doctor's note. 

I called the afternoon before my next overnight shift, and told them that I was definitely sick, it definitely felt like the flu, and that I'd be going to the doctor ASAP. I asked if I could bring the note in tomorrow, and she immediately got irritated with me, and said that if I didn't bring in my doctor's note before my shift that night, I'd be fired. I told her I'd try to get one today, but either way I didn't think it would be reasonable for me to come in coughing and sneezing, and serve people food and prepare their desserts, etc. She said that's not a good enough excuse, and that I should just come in because "that's what everyone has to do even if they don't feel good." She said unless I have a fever, it just sounds like a lot of excuses. 

So I spent 5 hours in the ER on Friday, while they were insanely busy specifically because of the flu. Got a flu test (positive), and they wrote me a note saying that I'd been seen, and had the flu. I immediately drove to work, gave them the note and they said, "Okay, so you'll be back tomorrow?" I said no, guys, I have the flu. You are absolutely not supposed to work in food service if you have the flu, especially during an epidemic. 

I spoke to my boss again and she said that if I'm going to miss any more work, I need another note from a doctor saying when I'm cleared to come back to work. My boyfriend had our only vehicle and was working, so I took a bus to the ER, waited a few hours, explained my situation, and they wrote my a note clearly stating that I have been diagnosed with the flu and will not be cleared to work until after the 15th, and if get worse or get a fever, add another 24 hours to that. 

I understand that it's hard for her because I'm fairly new, and she has to have someone fill in for me, but I think it's entirely unethical for her to guilt and pressure me to work when I could infect other people or worsen my own condition. What if I infect my other coworkers and then we all miss work? We do not have any kind of sick leave, so she would be screwed and so would we (I'm surviving right now because I made my serving tips last, and my boyfriend just got his tax return. But I have not earned money this week.) 

She seems to just generally have a bad attitude with me now, and while the assistant managers still like me, she's the general manager so her word is it. I have the experience, should I be looking at other jobs? I feel like there's just going to be a bad environment there now, and my other co-workers all seem to be intimidated by her also. She also only writes schedules one week at a time, and writes each schedule the day before it starts, so it's really stressful trying to plan anything unless I know about it in enough time to put in for the days off. 

TLDR : My boss is kind of unprofessional and rude, and pressured me to serve people food while I have the flu. She seemingly does this a lot, and people don't ever stand up to her because it's just a franchise diner and they probably know they can be replaced. 

Has anyone had experience with this? It seems unprofessional, and maybe even against company policy (though she didn't give me an employee handbook so I'm not sure). What would I tell my next employer about why I quit this job? Would it come off like I was just whining and had bad attendance? 

UPDATE: My boss now says that the 2nd note I brought her, stating that I was cleared to work again the 15th, does not have the proper letterhead from the hospital (it was written by a nurse) and I'd need to get another note before I can come back. I told her I don't have my car right now, and I think it's pretty unreasonable of her to ask me to take a bus, in the cold, while I'm sick, back to the ER for a non-emergency, just to ask them for a better note when she could just call the number they provided on the note if she has any questions. 

Jesus.