Cant be bothered talking?, I cant be bothered paying.
In my early to mid 20s (basically around 1999 to about 2006) I never seemed to have a problem getting dates and picking up women  (unlike now where I regularly have to blow the dust off my cock), but this one really stands out.  


Met this girl one night, we hit it off, exchanged numbers, exchanged texts etc etc (this was the era when smartphones were just becoming a thing). We ended up arranging to meet for a meal, "great!" thinks I, but no.  


Turned up at the restaurant  we had arranged to meet up at about half an hour early, there was no need to book tables etc as it was one of those places where you just turn up and wait for a table. 45 minutes later im still stood there, so I texted her to see if there as a problem, she replied with an apology as she was running late, ok, no problem. She turned up about half an hour later and we finally sat down, ordered and got drinks in etc.  
All sounds ok so far doesnt it?, well, the alarm bells started to ring when I tried a few times to start a conversation, but got only monosyllable answers in response, or just plain old grunts,due to her sat playing with her phone.   
Starter had been consumed and main course had just been plonked down, and by that point i was beginning to think she had forgotten how to string a sentance together, well, until she shouted a waiter over and ordered another bottleof wine for herself, this time picking a bottle which was a fair bit more expensive than the type she had been drinking at the start, and all the time she NEVER put her phone down, and to add insult to injury, as the waiter brought the wine over, he said something like "good choice" to which she replied "hes paying so I hope it is".  


At this point i was somewhat pissed off and getting tired just from watching her thumbs wiggle about over the keypad, so I finished my main course and excused myself to go to the gents, dunno if she actually heard me, as i didnt even hear a grunt in response.  


Took me less than 3 minutes to have a piss, pay for my part of the bill and nope the fuck out of there.  
Got a text from her about 2 hours later containing various names and expletives for "leaving her to pay", i replied back advising that she should ask her mobile provider for the money back, being as she was on a date with them more than she was me. Never heard from her again, cant say i was terribly disappointed.  


TL:DR, i met a golddigga in the early 2000s and made her pay her own way.