toxic friend???
so i have this friend and i think our friendship is toxic but i’m not 100% sure. Here’s our history: 
we went to elementary school together but we weren’t really friends because she was very quiet. However she was best friends with one of my good friends so we were friendly with eachother. We went to different middle schools and I had a huge group of friends and i was very social. I found out that she was transferring to my middle school for seventh grade and i decided to be nice and show her the ropes of the school and walk her to her classes and introduce her to people and let her eat lunch with my friends and i. I remember telling my friends that she would eventually get comfortable and make her own friends. but that never happened, she followed me around for weeks and slowly overtime because a part of our friend group. She wasn’t really friends with any of the other girl’s though, she was just always with me. we got really close and i really liked her, we were very alike and i was glad that i finally got to know her. Near the end of seventh grade however i realized something. She didn’t have 1 single friend that i hadn’t introduced her to, she never disagreed with me, and i never hung out with anyone without her anymore. Even my friends that didn’t go to our school she would follow me to hang out with them and eventually it just became expected that we came as a pair. Skip 4 years later to sophomore year of high school. My social circle has shrunk immensely and i’ve lost the vast majority of my friends. I have about 5 friends but every one of them is friends with this girl too. We are still very very close friends, and she still follows me everywhere, texts me all the time (a bit obsessively) and inserts herself into any relationship i make. Most people at our school will only hang out with both of us not just one of us because we are always together. One of my friends won’t talk to me anymore because we used to be really close but after this girl convinced our guidance counselor to switch her into all my classes my whole life was consumed by her and i didn’t talk to that friend as much. I don’t get lunch with other people because once i did and she texted me long paragraphs about how she felt like i didn’t want to have lunch with her and like i was excluding her. She didn’t have any friends that she had made on her own until this year. Now she has a few friends that she did make on her own and that i’m not super good friends with and i’m grateful for that but now i’m stuck because i don’t have a life outside of her and when i think about my life before she came to my school compared to my life now i am so isolated. She encourages all of my bad descions and still has never once disagreed with anything i have said. she invited herself to everytbing i do and follows me and it’s like i can’t have a conversation with someone without her barging in or just standing there listening. I am scared that i will eventually not even have shared friends with her and i will have 0 friends except for her. What do i do? How do i make real friendships with people that aren’t a three way friendship including her? how do i become less close with her so my whole life isn’t consumed by her