I fucked up my body and my life thinking I was transgender.
Go into my post history for the full story. I'm too exhausted to type all of it back up.

TL;DR: I thought I was transgender, took testosterone injections for over a year, realized I was just a masculine/androgynous woman, dealing with the fallout.

I am now a woman with a deep-ish voice, horrible acne scars all over my back, thinning hair, an enlarged downstairs, profuse body hair, deformed breasts, and facial hair.

I feel like a fucking freak. It was a long, horrible road realizing I made a mistake and was not trans, but a road I drove down much too late. I can deal with most of it alright. Body hair can be shaved if I so desire to, I can raise my voice pitch through voice training, there are creams or whatever for the acne scarring. My thinning hair is actually regrowing since I stopped injections a few months ago.

But my genitals and breasts will never be the same. I can't remove my facial hair permanently without spending several hundred dollars (I am very broke.) I have permanently mutilated myself with these injections. Ironically, they were supposed to make me feel "more aligned" with who "I truly am" but for me, it was really just a desperate attempt to slap a bandaid on the gaping wound which is my body dysmorphia and deep rooted self image problems.

And to make matters even more delightful, there exist certain individuals who take my suffering and twist it to fit whatever political agenda suits them. Trans people hate me because they think I give them a bad name and discredit medical transition. Evangelicals and TERFs love me because they want to use me to discredit medical transition.

I don't want my pain to be misappropriated for someone else's vindicative internet posts. I don't want my story used to harm real trans people. 

I hate my stupid fucking deformed body and I just want to go back in time and kill my past self so that she never ever takes that first testosterone shot. Never has to feel this pain. It's abysmal staring myself down in the mirror every day. To see the effects this powerful drug has had on my poor body.

I have been suicidal for many years but lately I just feel something evil growing inside me, something which will give me the power to end my own life before my rational brain can talk me down. I have no job, I'm actually on the comedown of a terrible LSD trip, I'm a budding alcoholic and binge eater. No one will ever love me like this. Its not like I've got a great personality to make up for my physical flaws. I'm depressing and condescending without realizing it. 

The world would just be better off without people like me in it. I'm a fucking joke. To the kids out there questioning your gender: TALK TO A FUCKING THERAPIST FIRST. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD. DON'T BE ME.