Being Someone Else's Rock
It's hard to say where to start here. I'd like to cover all my bases and get it out there before I explode without this post becoming a novel.

Suffice to say, I'm my boyfriend's rock. We've been together for seven years, going on eight, and I feel an immense amount of pressure because I'm his go-to when he feels bad or needs support, which is fine - it's part of being in a relationship - but it's increasingly becoming the focus of our interactions. 

He's having a hard time. He's been diagnosed with depression and was on medication for a while which helped, but since we both are working minimum wage, we can't afford the treatment any more. The doctor he was seeing suggested light therapy, but we can't afford to spend $300 on a full spectrum lamp. Our relationship has gone from long distance to living together to long distance again when my stepfather chased him out of the house. He's never had a family to speak of or help support him, and that bothers him too.

When my boyfriend moved out of my house, he had to drop out of school. He moved in with friends. After finding that living situation disagreeable, he found his own apartment. He kept saying "I know if I can get a place of my own, I'll feel better." I sort of knew going into it that he wouldn't - it was a "grass is greener" type thing, and that his depression would latch onto something else. It has. His problems now revolve around not having a car and having to ride his bike an hour and a half one way to a minimum wage job that he hates while dealing with frequent flat tires, spending his entire day at work or getting to and from it, and constantly having hints dropped by the manager about how expendable everyone who works there is. He feels stuck. He had goals for his life - things he wanted to do - but now he sometimes says he's not even sure what he wants any more. "I'm not in control of my life." has become something of his mantra.

We live paycheck to paycheck. I live with my mom and stepdad while I go to school, and I don't have many bills, so I don't mind giving him money, but it was incredibly intimidating for me to go from almost three grand in my savings account to $200 in about a month. I've never held more cash in my hand than I did when I gave him the money for his deposit, and his apartment is one of the cheapest we found. Since then, I've given him money on a regular basis. He probably gets about 3/4 of my paycheck any given week. Working two full time minimum wage jobs between us, we're managing to pay his rent on time and make sure he has fresh tires and tubes for his bike. I keep enough money to put gas in my car to get to school and work.

I haven't been able to see him in a few weeks, which is hard. I almost never have the time off, and a trip to see him costs me a full tank of gas. However, every time I do go see him, all we do is chores and errands because I have a car with which to do them and we can't afford to do anything else. 

I really do love him, but it seems like all that we do together is talk about how bad he feels, how worried he is about money, I send him money, and when I do get to see him I spend the day taking him to the thrift store and the grocery store and to pay bills and apply for assistance (thus far he's been eligible for a small amount of food stamps and nothing else). I've started to dread taking his phone calls because it's hard for me to listen to so much of his depression and be supportive without feeling pressure myself to help him feel better - though doing so seems something beyond my realm of capabilities. I worry constantly about money and about if he's going to hurt himself and about how bad he feels to the point that I've started having anxiety attacks at the drop of a hat, and my family is pushing me to see a doctor about anti-anxiety medication. On top of that, I feel bad that I think about how _I_ feel and the pressure _I'm_ under because he's the one in the bad situation.

I haven't been able to talk to anyone about these things. If I tell him, he'll only feel worse and panic that I'm going to break up with him (he already feels awful that I give him all my money, even though I don't care so much about that). I can't tell my family because they don't like that I send him money in the first place even though they don't know the scope of how much I support him financially. I thought it would be good to get it out _somewhere_. Hopefully the release helps.