26. Depressed, socially anxious, lost and suicidal.
Since i was a little boy I have always been shy. The problem is I never really grew out of it. I have always sheltered myself from doing normal things that probably would have helped me break out of my shell. Now i am 26 and I cant stop dwelling on all of the experiences and fun I have missed out on because of my depression and social anxiety that i had and still have. Even as a little kid I had this problem. For example almost every first day of school I had I cried and wanted to go home. Even at a few of my birthday parties i cried. My parents tried to get me to play football and i even was told i was going to be the quarterback but I stopped going before the season even started because I was afraid and embarrassed to say "hike" in front of my parents. Looking back I just wish i could be happy like everyone else. I also feel like I lived in the shadow of my 3 older siblings and a lot the energy and focus of my parents was on them, my oldest brother especially. One of the happiest times of my life was the 6th grade, I was in the cool "clique" at school. I had a lot of friends, one of them being a girl I had a crush on for a couple years before that and I had a lot of confidence and finally began slowly coming out of my shell. After that school year my parents sold our house and we moved to a different town. I knew my parents wanted to move for a while and honestly it was my biggest fear. This devestated me. I literally was in fetal position crying for at least 2 weeks after we moved into the new house. I went from a happy kid to a suicidal 12 year old within a short amoumt of time. Like i said always dealt with shyness and depression but I feel like this put me way back into a hole I could not get myself out of and has turned me into the man i am today. I spent the next 2 year's in middle school wanting to end my life. A big part of my brain focuses on high school and that fact that I pretty much did nothing during it besides smoke weed and drink. I had freinds but I feel like they werent genuine freinds, just other people who enjoyed partying like i did. Most of the summers I spent alone sitting at home. It was like that in middle school too. I remember joking to a kid on the bus in middle school, telling him "I go home and stare at my wall for hours then i go to school". I never had a girlfriend in high school ( just a few hook ups). I regret not joining the track team (multiple people said i shouldve, I was really fast). I wish I had an intimate relationship in highschool. I was always pretty smart but I really just stopped caring about my grades at the start of freshman year. I had a lot of angst and spite against my parents and I attribute that to why I stopped giving a shit. Pretty much all i thought and cared about in high school was smoking weed. I shouldve been focused more on joining a club and my grades. Although marijuana was a huge escape that I initially loved I feel like it was one of the worst choices I made because it only made me more introverted. It also made okay with the fact that i was doing nothing with my life and not thinking about my future. I had one job as a bus boy which i quit after about 2 months. I graduated high school as a below average student wirh absolutely no clue what I wanted to do in college. I went to a community college for a month before dropping out. While there I felt extremely out of my element, only talked to fellow freinds from high school who also went there, and made zero new friends because of my social anxiety. After dropping out my life as an extreme recluse began. I worked but it was with my dad doing roofing and home improvement type work. I only hung out with one friend from high school and going to his house and getting drunk with his family at their house parties was the extent of my social life during this time. I spent most of the money I made with my dad on weed. This is how life was for about 8 years. Around 2013 i began taking lexapro and took it until Feb 2019 but it didn't really help. My oldest brother ended up overdosing form heroin 4 years after I graduated high school. I had a moment where i said to myself "enough is enough, stop smoking, get your shit together and do something with your life" but that was short lived. A year after that we moved to Florida. This move didn't really fuck me up as much as the first one but it did affect me a little as I do not like change in general. My drinking increased since I moved down here and I smoked just as much. Fast forward to November 2019. I turned 26 and holy shit it hit me like a ton of bricks. I had a huge quarter life crisis and realized that the past decade of my life flew by so fast and I spent it doing absolutely nothing. I stopped smoking and stopped drinking after doing both habitually for at least a decade. I told myself I could not live like that anymore and if I didn't make a change sooner of later I would look back a decade from now and have the same regrets. I began considering joining the service but honestly had no clue what I wanted to do for a career and I still dont. I just felt like doing anything has to be better than doing nothing and it might help me out of my socially anxious depressed bubble that I am in. Unfortunately around mid November I began suffering from severe dry eye which i am still dealing with as i type this. It has cost me an insane amount of money in doctors visits and i still havent gotten better. I had lasik 4 years ago and it might be the cause (dont get lasik). This only has made me more depressed and suicidal. I also went to a cheap therapist for about a month during this time. I also went to a psychiatrist and took Zoloft for about a month and a half without any improvement and stopped because of fear that it would make my dry eye worse. One of the only positive things that has happened recently is I began talking to a girl i met on a dating site. We talk for at least 3 hours over the phone everyday. This is the most social activity ive had in a long time (even though she does 70 percent of the talking. She likes talking about herself). Hearing her talk about her life only makes me more depressed because she has done so much and made the most out of her life. I honestly have no clue what she sees in me. I shared these feelings with her and to my surprise she is still talking to me, although she doesn't really understand how it feels to have depression and pretty much told me my life is not that bad. So here I am, a 26 year old socially inept man child who has no idea what he wants to do with his life. This dry eye problem is also stressing me out and i really want to get it taken care of so i can move on and do something productive with my life. I really think the military would be a good thing for,mw but I don't want to enlist until my eyes feel better but i also feel like time is running out because i can't join once I get past a certain age. I dwell on the past everyday and i wish I could go back in time. When I think about the past I get depressed and when I think about the future i get anxious. I get so anxious even thinking about being around New people because they will judge me and think i am too quiet. I also am afraid if someone asks about my past and my highschool/college life what do I tell them? I dont want to tell people I was a pothead who did nothing in Highschool. I also feel like im playing catch up in learning social skills when everyone else my age just has those skills naturally. I don't know what to do from here.