My department restructured and I lost all higher level responsibilities, what should I feel?
How do I interpret the following situation professionally?

Situation:
I work as an engineer in a small development department, up until recently my manager has placed me in a leadership position with talk of increased responsibilities.  I have been running customer teleconferences, driving the largest and most complex project open and have rewritten and redesigned a vast majority of our internal documentation, and trained most of the other employees all within my own drive.

Recently an internal  position for a sub manager was opened.  I applied and didnt get it, which is fine.  Instead  the position was split into two positions, and all of my higher level responsibilities were given to one of the sub managers, including the project I have been driving for two years.  Both hires were from our own small department and had the same title I do. 

My manager has done nothing to create a transition period, given me any feedback of my efforts up to this point, or any reassurance that this isnt a titleless demotion. I just showed up to work and all my usual responsibilities were no longer mine. 

I'm pretty crestfallen.  Leading up to this event has felt like a steady push out of any responsibilities I try for.  I have had meeting requests get denied only to be invited by another employee to the same meeting at the call of my manager, ideas vehemently rejected only to be later dictated out by my manager as his own.  He has a favorite employee with substantially less experience than me that he spends every day talking to about everything in the department.  Even while I was running projects he would never check up on them or talk to me about them.  

TLDR:  
An internal restructure leaves me feeling shafted. How do I interpret these events? Am I just jealous? Am I being a baby about this? Or am I just a victim of shitty management.  I feel like I deserve at least the courtesy of some kind of reassurance from management. Am I right in this? Unless this is a covert slap in the face.