The hardest part about dating as a man is that women are attracted to you for being confident. But your confidence is constantly tested.
There was an interesting exchange I saw earlier this week on facebook. In a group I am in. One of the leaders. A really confident guy that is always happy go lucky, made a post about how girls always want him as a bf. Someone responded about how hard it is really to achieve that, and everyone piled on and made fun of him, calling him cringy and creepy. this sort of exchange happens in all the circles i am in. It would probably happen to me too if I didn't hide my feelings.

The fact of the matter is that we men can't show our feelings. We can't show weakness. We can't show vulnerability. That is cringy, creepy and draws women away. Everyone piles up and boots us in the face if we do.

I don't know how to explain it. Its like the confident guys get propped up and the unconfident guys get torn down. And that is why so few men get women.

And I think. Thats just how human beings are wired to be. It makes sense. We evolved such that strong men are rewarded. There is no escape from it.

I'm sorry. I'm not angry. I don't hate anyone (except myself really). Its just like. I understand more and more why I don't deserve love and I'm trying to process it a lot better.

&#x200B;

**EDIT:** Damn this thread got big.

OK so everything I have heard hear I actually have heard before. There is a lot of:

\- Just believe in yourself it will happen eventually

\- Don't fall for toxic masculinity. Women love vulnerable men

\- Just take a break.

\- Get therapy

\- Workout

\- Fuck you. Your too negative.

\- You wouldn't want the attention anyway. If you actually try you'll get a quality relationship

\- You are better than you think you are

\- Get hobbies and make friends. It will make you happier

&#x200B;

Don't know what to say guys. I have been sadposting on reddit for years. I appreciate your responess though .

&#x200B;

I do find that there are general patterns of what people say. And I wonder if it reflects more on you guys and your situations vs me. Dunno really. I am not saying anyone is wrong. Its just . I guess it feels I am alone in this one way or another.

Also those of you that have sent you encouraging dms thank you very much. I know others experience this as well. Honestly. when I see someone else facing loneliness i want to encourage them more than me. I am weird. It is easy for me to love others and not myself. I am fated to guide people to a treasure i can not possess myself.

&#x200B;

Guys ;\_; sniff. Ty for posting. I don't deserve this. So I am going to be warmer a bit. I'm actually startging to cry now.