Trying to find a significant other in 2019 is like trying to discover antibiotics during the bubonic plague
I'm telling you man.

It's like this balancing act. Well, before the balancing act it's trying to find someone you share some kind of interest in, be it physical or emotional attraction. If you're lucky, both.

Then you gotta be in the right PLACE at the right TIME...

K, then you like each other. You hang out. Then you suppress emotions so you don't scare the other off, so you overthink. "They haven't responded yet, fuck are they ghosting me?" "They're probably just sleeping" "If you don't stop thinking about them you're gonna jinx it" "Did I jinx it" "Oh wait, everything's chill" "I just hung out with them it's fine" "I like them but I can't tell them because it'll freak 'em out" "The sex was AMAZING" 

Or maybe you don't like them. Then it's... shit, maybe I just don't like them because they're not my "type" so, I should consider them. Broaden my horizons. I like their flaws, I can do this. Then you end up leading them on. You never liked them. Wasted time. Maybe you soft ghost 'em, maybe you ghost 'em, maybe you just tell them and break their heart. \*(Edit based off replies- I shoulda included it anyway:) Maybe you're honest and they're fine with it- best option. I've got the other side of that though, I'm honest and they retaliate and keep trying thinking they can sway me. Or on the other side of the coin, they're honest with me and then change their mind, then it's a whole head fuck.\*

It's insanity. I just want to skip that whole annoying "getting to know each other through texting because it's 2019" and the whole "balancing act" and the whole wasting each other's time by not being up front... to that comfortable stage. I mean sure, I love the honeymoon stage too when you're fuckin' every day on the kitchen counter, the floor, the couch, sittin' on the same side of the booth when you eat Thai food and making everyone around you absolutely nauseous... But the comfortable stage... I wanna leave you little notes for when you wake up saying have a good day without it being weird, I wanna surprise you when you come home, completely naked, and not have it weird I snuck into your house. I wanna be able to cook together and when we digest a little bit we can still bang. I wanna not text all day and just talk to you when we're off work. I wanna give you a gift when I think of you, I wanna be able to vent to you and you to me without feeling like I'm dropping too much on you. I just wanna love you, man.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Refer to title, and we should ban texting after you first meet for at least a month. Talk to each other in person or on the phone so shit don't get misconstrued and you ain't waitin' for a fucking response or not responding, whatever.