I just found out that my niece has been doing heroin.
Some backstory. I have four older sisters and my niece is the daughter of my oldest sister Julia. My niece Amanda is 20 years old and I just found out that she has been doing heroin. A few months ago my family had suspicions that she had been abusing pain pills. She had been asking one of other sisters "Tara" for pain pills to help with the pain for her knee, she had injured her knee in basketball and needs to have surgery. Tara was beginning to get worried because it was happening more frequently and she asked Amanda what was going on and Amanda just got upset. She denied that she had a problem, so Tara told her that is going to talk to Julia. Amanda then told her mother that Tara is lying and assured her that she only asked for pills a couple times because of her knee. Julia just doesn't want to believe that her baby girl needs help. So fast forward a few weeks and Amanda's boyfriend talks to Tara that he worried about Amanda because now she is crushing her pils and snorting them. Tara tells him that needs to talk to Julia but he was afraid that she wouldn't believe him and he would lose Amanda. That was the last I heard anything until this past Thursday morning. My sister Sarah called me to tell me that Amanda had admitted to Julia that she has been doing herion the past couple of months. I guess Tara and Julia had heart to heart conversation after Amanda's boyfriend talked to Julia. After they talked and Tara just stressed how worried she is about the path Amanda is going down. Julia then started watching Amanda more closely, Amanda was acting differently and was asking people for money multiples times a day for a couple days so Julia asked her what is going and Amanda confessed about her heroin addiction. She has agreed to go to rehab. 

I just can't believe that my niece has gone down this path. I am more disappointed than anything because she is a smart kid who made a really bad choice. Now this choice has made her an addict at the age of 20 and that is something that will have to fight for the rest of her life. I fee l like she has ruined her life and she has a long and hard battle ahead of her. I just wish that someone had said something sooner or forced Julia to see the truth, maybe this could have then avoided but then again if Amanda was hanging out with druggie friends before she starting popping pills then she might have made the decision either way. 

Sorry for the long and probably jumbled story, I had a lot to say.