I've permanently ruined my life. What jobs can actually pay for cheap rent?
I need more than 15 dollars an hour to pay rent off a 70 hour work week. Grubhub just cut our pay by 25%... again, bringing their pay in line with others like Uber. so im making 10 an hour. Honestly, 100 hours a week is unsustainable. 

Ok, information you need: I have a low IQ, the time i got a driving job at Jimmy johns it took me weeks to learn the menu which is supposed to be memorized before the first day; 

I worked two days outdoor manual labor but had severe cramps from dehydration and almost legit died. I actually enjoyed carrying around 100+ lb boxes in a warehouse freezer but that was 7.50 an hour. Not afraid of manual labor, just can't be outside in the heat;

 I have aspergers, so i REALLY suck at sales, passing interviews, customer service and such like; 

I have 130 college hours, but this does not include any third and fourth year courses because i failed them all. On paper im two years away from graduating, the reality is it's not going to happen;

 I have a cdl, this may be misleading to you. So i drove a truck for a year on a team, which is two drivers per truck, truck runs 24/7. On a team they pay both drivers the rate of the most experienced. So at the top of their pay scale i made 32 thousand that year typically working 6 hours more per week than is legal. Home daily trucking jobs are 12 to 14 per hour 2 years experience, no exceptions. The 32k job was listed as up to 75k on indeed just for context. Yes i can get paid 100k as a trucker if i buy a truck from them, but after payments and maintenance it works out to 50k per year for ten years! The super awesome part of this deal is that you can't drive a 3 year old truck for most trucking companies, so you have to give the truck back and lose all the payments you made. "Welcome to American! Right this way, please spread your ass cheeks for your convenience sir!" And im constantly seeing titles like "Trucking companies can't understand why MilLeNialS refuse to work for them". Well... it's because the pay is worse than cleaning toilets for McDonald's; 



and finally because ive been working as an independent contractor for the last three years most companies consider me to have been jobless for three years, even though ive been working 70 hours a week.



 STOP READING HERE! IM JUST ADDING CONTEXT. 



So my McDonalds interview is typical of how an interview works. They only hire "Positive" individuals, i don't understand what that means, but i came in with a big smile on my face and was yes sir yes maam the entire time. And of course i didn't get the job even with my one year Jimmy johns experience. Aspergers is like having a tattoo on your face, it doesn't matter how hard you try everyone knows their not supposed to hire you. 

The worst part about all of this is my parents disappointment. They cut all the job adds out if the news paper and ask me why im not applying anywhere. I used to say that i couldn't get an interview, but then my parents tell me to just go there in person. Every time ive gone somewhere in person ive been told they only do online applications. Now days i don't tell my parents how my job hunt is going. Real talk, ive counted the businesses in my (one of the top ten largest citys in the US) for different industries, and im legit running out of places to be rejected by. If i could get a job with even a glimmer of hope that i would be able to live a decent life. I would work 120 hours a week at literal running speed. I can make an assembly robot look lazy.  

 Hard work means nothing in America, this is purely an IQ economy and social IQ is the only IQ that matters. TLDR: Nobody is hiring aspergers, nobody, no exceptions, period.



EDIT: thanks for all the good suggestions, I'm applying for manufacturing jobs today, and if it doesn't work out i need to swallow my fears of moving and move to Alaska for a construction job in a climate where i can actually survive outdoors.