Feels like I'm drowning and I don't know what to do
Okay... I've posted here before, it was last semester, and basically I talked about whether or not I wanted to stay in grad school. Well, I'm still here, but having to deal with online school in pandemic has just about obliterated any energy I had for what I'm doing and I'm really at a loss for what to do right now. I'm halfway through my finals week and I'm ashamed to admit I've barely done a single thing in preparation for said finals. I don't even have "as much" to do, it seems, in comparison to past years, but I'm still struggling. 

I don't know what to do. The minute I entered grad school I started second guessing my quality of work and the quality of my writing, and it got so bad I felt that I couldn't finish a lot of the coursework simply out of fear. I already have an incomplete from last semester over a paper I felt really passionate about, but for some reason couldn't finish. I thought that new topics this semester would help whip me into shape and get me remotivated, but that hasn't happened. I used to love reading but I feel like my love for reading has died down and I'm struggling to read the texts for my papers. I was doing okay before pandemic, but with all the changes happening and with what's going on, I feel like what I do is not really needed.

I should probably mention that I've still been able to stay in contact with my therapist during isolation. We've worked together for a few years now and they have recently suspected I have CPTSD (not official diagnosis since pandemic and can't see a specialist but still, suspected). I think some of my behaviors / habits around school are stemming from that. Honestly, I've just been prioritizing my mental health throughout all of this but it's come at the cost of my academic career and performance. And now the fact I'm doing so poorly in school is becoming avoidable and I'm mentally about to lose it. I'm not proud of how my first year of grad school went. I honestly want to quit or maybe even defer my next year (which would be my last year of school unless I continued down PhD track, which I feel I don't even deserve anymore).  

I feel like I do need to reconsider why I want(ed) to be in grad school. I also need to get better. But we're in middle of a pandemic and of finals week and I can't help but feel this is a really bad time to bring it up to any of my supervisors or professors. 

I feel like I'm the student who at the end of every semester is like, please give me an extension, I'm so behind, and I feel like a fake. I feel like I always disappoint and I don't know how to discuss this with my department heads without feeling totally pathetic.