Gap Year (pre-grad school) Employment
First post, I hope this is allowed as I am not in grad school yet.

I have just completed my Bachelor's in Political Science in June, which I did really well in. I am hoping to pursue my Master's in polisci in September 2020. I'm currently taking a year in between, and I'm essentially wondering how important the work that I do in between that time is - for future employment as well as for grad school? In terms of title, job description, etc.? Or is this the period where I can just say screw it and take a job solely based on pay, not content?

I have been working at a tiny research-based NGO since July as a researcher. The NGO's mission is definitely interesting, but the pay, environment, and my manager is bad. I do nothing 95% of the time, it is extremely mismanaged. My title is great, job description is great, and it 100% looks good on my CV for the career I want (especially because prior to this, my experience has been mostly admin). It is also only a 30 minute commute (although I don't like working in the suburbs, it's convenient).

I was just offered a different position downtown, where the commute would be 1h30 each way (very long... but I'm also excited by the idea of working downtown). The company is what gets me though - fantastic environment and office, great perks and vacation, and it pays 10k more (which isn't a lot, but it's the difference in me being able to afford buying a car vs. not, for example). Right now I'm paid next to nothing.

Problem is, it's writing-based  which is sort of connected to my field, but has absolutely nothing to do with research. If anything, it's more on the comms and marketing side of things. It's definitely a step away from what my current job looks like on my CV (even if I don't *actually* do much - the description sounds like a really good first step for someone who does want to go into academia and research). The new position, although it has to do with writing, can't really be BS-ed into being connected to my field at all.

I appreciate any advice!