Universities with bad reputations for Student Affairs Professional career development?
Hi all,

This is a rather general and perhaps weird question. 

I am a student at a university that is highly ranked (think top 10 in the US News rankings) for undergraduate studies.

Students here have a long, historically fraught relationship with the Student Affairs Professionals that run the student-facing parts of the administration. 

Talking to friends at other universities, things just seem *so unusually bad* here relative to other similar universities. The vast majority of our administrators seem to actively detest our students. The few good people who are hired to our division of student affairs mysteriously seem to rage quit after six months at most (sometimes in a matter of weeks!). There is just a deep, persistent lack of mutual understanding and engagement between students and the student affairs professionals. As someone who has tried to get involved and participate in student opportunities to be involved in university governance (committees etc.), the expectations on students by administrators (but not by faculty!) are baffling and very contrary to the university's overall academic culture. For example, being honest and forthright while still polite in discussing issues upon which two people disagree (one being in power and the other being a student) is seen as being insubordinate and rude. Basically, it's like a repeated clash of cultures that never seems to heal. Going back years in the student newspaper, and speaking with alumni, confirms that this is not a new problem. Further, we have persistent problems with the *actual administrative* side of our student affairs division. Systems are broken, important emails go unanswered by relevant administrators such that student groups cannot meet deadlines, residential buildings have actually been condemned due to neglect in performing maintenance, etc.

Someone who used to work here in student affairs (but ended up transferring to a completely unrelated department) mentioned to me that our university has a really bad reputation as a place to work for Student Affairs Professionals, and thus we tend to get the bottom of the barrel. Basically, we have a problem attracting and maintaining talent. She argued that this was a huge part of the reason for our persistent problems. This caught me totally by surprise.

Is it true that some top universities are not considered 'top' in terms of career development for a student affairs person? Asking the question, it seems totally obvious now that the answer is probably 'yes' - you guys have career development concerns and are going to select places to work like any other human beings seeking employment. Is it possible for a top school to have a persistent problem attracting top administrative talent?