Did I make a mistake in moving for a new job?
TL;DR- New job has same job title as old job but they aren’t the same job at all!

A bit of a back story as to why I took the new job is because I needed a change for my mental health. For the past 3 years, I’ve been living in Austin. About 10 months ago, I had a pretty bad sports accident that led to an amputation (think Alex Smith injury if he didn’t recover). Anywell, I wasn’t really trying for a new job, but I got an interview with this company in Tampa Bay for the same position title and pay.


I was a planner with high stress, was frustrated a lot, and ran into more problems that I was more likely to be yelled at for screwing up than being recognized for all the solutions I had for highly escalated problems. But I still loved it as the people there were awesome and I did like that it challenged me. All my coworkers were my friends in and out of work, I had more of a mother/son relationship more than an employer/employee relationship with my boss, and half the group was my age (26M) which might’ve made things there more tolerable.


Even during the interview, I kinda got the sense this wouldn’t be the same position after some of the questions I asked, but I figured it might’ve been because my former company is pretty backwards in terms of their processes. And I wanted to give them a shot.


I just started my new position this week and it’s not the same position despite the title. My old position had me making semiconductors and having to coordinate between finance, PM’s, engineers, logistics, manufacturing and purchasing, having to review BOM’s, look for parts and just find solutions to weird problems. I felt like I was playing human chess coordinating 30 different moving pieces to get my tools built on time, or an armchair QB. At my new position, I’m doing none of that. I’m basically stocking up line side/bulk parts to the manufacturing floor and ordering new parts like AA batteries and smocks and gloves and power tools. While I get that this stuff has to be ordered, it just seems weird that someone (me) has to manage that whereas my old place was just ordered.


And a lot of the stuff I’m supposed to be doing are things we had logistics people, Material Coordinators and purchasing departments for. Mind you both are fortune 100 companies and this current company is in aerospace and defense... And I wouldn’t mind it so much except for my disability. I’m not close to the MFG floor or some of the stock rooms or even the parking lot so I have to constantly move. And being an above knee amputee take 2x more energy to walk 2mph... I don’t mind walking every once in a while, but I’m usually physically drained and can barely get to my car by the time I leave. Like, I took the job thinking I’d be a planner for like a tank or building the next line of space shuttles/rockets for NASA; not a glorified stockroom gatekeeper.


At least in my old company, I learned a bunch of things from all the different departments which helped me be better and could see myself trying many different jobs, and I could see myself becoming an engineer or a project manager (Which is my goal by the time I’m 30). I don’t think I’m giving my new company a fair shot as I literally just started. There’s nothing bad to say about any of my new coworkers so far and my supervisor seems really nice, but I don’t see near the same growth opportunity, if there is any, in my current position.

Do you think it was a bad move for me to quit a job I loved and was good at? And how long should I give this job a shot before finding a new position?