Being forced to have a baby and close to offing myself
I'm 19 and i dislike children. DISLIKE. I get annoyed by the easily, I don't like interacting with them, I prefer to read quietly even as a child. I married my husband after I got kicked out by my parents at 18 for having a condom from a bachlerotte party they took me to.

I was so so so careful. I was starting my nuclear engineering degree, I had a 4.0 and I had an amazing boyfriend. When we got married, of course sex came with it. But we used both birth control pills and condoms. 

Apparently i got pregnant about a month after our wedding in March. I wanted to abort and my husband was supportive. He's an illegal immigrant and so is his entire family, but he has deferred action. So we live with his parents. It would have cost $400 dollars and a 400 mile round trip to do it, but i was willing. Then his parent's found out and cried and yelled and forbid it. All of the usual bullshit arguments of it's a baby and God bs.

So we decided to give it up for adoption. BUT NOPE! They won't let us do that either. More yelling, screaming, calling the idea heartless, selfish and heartless. My sister in law is pregnant and it's a girl. I'm 18 weeks in and it's a boy. They insisted on rubbing my belly and making stuff for it.

All I do is cry. I cringe when i fell it move. I cry when i think about my ruined future. I know my husband would do what he offered to make this right but they'd hate him. They act like a baby is a great thing. But i don't want to live in poverty like they do. I'm not religious like they are. I can't handle being a mom, i hate children and I already hate this unborn fetus. I don't smile when i see the sonograms, I pray for miscarriage. I think about all the different ways i can kill myself and It's taking a toll on my husband. 

He sees i'm upset and he feels like a failure. We were going to get an apartment but my job which paid 15.00/hr for working from home just told me there isn't work for a month or two. We have college to pay for and rent for a run down apartment is about $700 not including deposit. All the jobs here are minimum wage. My city has no mental health resources. I swear if they touch my belly or talk about how blessed I am, I will jump in front of a car.

I don't want this child, I don't want to live here anymore. Everyday I wake up in agony from knowing I will have to fake-smile my way through another day. This isn't even an easy pregnancy: I've been hospitalized twice. My blood work is awful. It's literally taking everything I have and no one cares. I feel so alone and ashamed. I was always taught to never have a child before 21. My friends are all going of to university and i'm stuck with my mom in law and her bible. I don't even speak their language. It hurts knowing I got into Embry-Riddle, Yale, Texas A&M and UT. It hurts knowing i'll be stuck in community college instead. I want to find an illegal abortion but with my job loss i don't have the money to do so. I've considered overdosing, hanging myself, drowning, ect. The only thing that stops me is my 6 week old kitten that meows and purrs when I cry.
I'm so miserable. My husband and I live in a tiny room with only a dresser and twin sized bed. His mother is nosy, she insists on going through the groceries I buy, the clothes i buy, and the medication I take. She won't let me do our laundry. I feel like a child. I'm starting to hate her. She was even against us moving out unless it was with her extended family. Her entire world is church and being a stay at home mom. All they talk about this baby and I'm so done. I can't be a mother.  I've written my suicide note out on MS Word. My husband is asleep next to me along with my kitten. Right now those are the only two things keeping me from grabbing the bottles of pills they prescribed me and overdosing. 

i'm afraid to talk to someone. I'm afraid my in-laws won't let me. I'm afraid they'll lock me up. I'm not crazy, Reddit. I'm just out of options. my future job needs a security clearance and no one is going to trust the therapist girl with nuclear reactors. I'm so done. I'm tired. All my energy is gone and I don't have the will to live. There are days where I spend hours looking up at nothing and silently crying. We don't have a proper bed: we sleep on foam and wood. We don't have a fan and it's 110. We don't have a car. I'm worried about even having enough to eat. This family already has 5 people, with my sister in laws kid next month it'll be 6. there's only 3 rooms. we can't add a 7th. I already pay the tv, water and cell phones for everyone. I just can't handle this anymore. I had everything planned, and it's all gone. I have nothing and my parents were right: I am a failure and a disgrace.