Update #2
I’m the girl in Las Vegas for the holiday.

On the night of Christmas Eve I slept on a deflating air mattress. We forgot the cap for it at home. I now share a twin bed with my sister. It’s great. So on Christmas Day we went to church. Then we came straight back to the hotel. We cooked and ate and the older adults talked. I wrote articles for work and everyone was on their phones. My little cousin just played on his grandmas(my aunt) phone the entire time. I felt bad because my little 7 year old cousin didn’t get any gifts, unwrap anything, leave cookies for Santa, or have a Christmas tree. He doesn’t have any toys with him to play with. His mom is not here and I think he misses her. I know she is working and couldn’t afford to come so last minute. I don’t know why my aunt took him away from her and brought him here without any Christmas plans for him. She told him his presents are at home. I think that is the most fucked up thing that has happened. I didn’t know he was going to be here. I wish I had made him something. I’m mad at myself and my family. My mom did bring him an old ass book of my brothers, but it’s not wrapped and I can tell he’s not going to want it since it’s not really his age. I don’t count it as a Christmas present. It was thoughtless. 

It has been 4 days and we have not spent money on anything until today: my parents, sisters and aunt and cousin went to go see an MJ concert tonight. My sister is leaving tomorrow. She flew all the way here to only see a fucking Michael Jackson imitation. My brother and I are in the hotel now because we stayed behind because we both can’t afford/don’t want to spend money on the concert because we aren’t into Michael Jackson. My brother is applying to summer internships and I’m writing articles for work. We have spent every day in the hotel, except yesterday when we went to church for an hour and walked down the strip. 


If you’re wondering, everything about this vacation bothers the fuck out of me.

Edit: I forgot one more thing, before leaving for the MJ show my mom was freaking out about a crack in the hotel door. (The resort seems to be a bit old, old appliances and shit, there’s a CD player boom box!!) She kept asking if someone had forced their way in while they were away (they went for a walk down the strip, not buying anything or doing anything). She said like three times “it looks like someone has forced their way in!!” asking my brother if anything had happened. I felt slightly attacked by this, being the only adult home with my brother. Why the fuck would I not tell her that first if it happened. She called management like the Karen she is to come fix it. (They did come, with tools and everything).