How do I gain confidence when almost every person I've talked to has put me down for my appearance?
I feel so fucking hopeless, even though  I've been working out, trying to gain some healthy weight and muscle, naturally a quiet but nice person who genuinely cares what people think and how they feel. Been adding protein and healthier food options, and attempting to add more daily calories to my diet as to help me look less skinny and more healthier and fit. But at the same time it's honestly for nothing, I'm worthless and people make sure to remind me of that. I don't know how I was placed on this earth for basically every single person I've spoken to, to make me feel like a worthless piece of shit. I'm only 19 and I feel so fucking ugly, I've been told by the nicest prettiest girls that I, "Look like an old man." on multiple different occasions. Do you realize how fucking painful that is? Imagine if I told that same girl, "You look like a 50 year old lady." I fucking guarantee you she'd have been heartbroken from hearing that. How the fuck am I the only person in the world who thinks about how my words can possibly hurt someones feelings? Am I the only person who thinks before they speak? My own family has teased my appearance including high school teachers. I've heard friends of mine overhearing teachers making fun of me behind my back. My OWN friends make fun of my appearance straight in my face. It's impossible to have self confidence when you've literally been proven to be fucking hideous, people don't tease me to share a good laugh. They do it because I'm genuinely ugly and nobody cares about how depressed I am and how I have literally not a single person to talk to. I can't get suicide out of my head I don't wanna live with other humans if they're just gonna make me feel shunned and worthless. I really don't know what to do. I've tried to make myself the best person I can be but nobody gives me a crumb of appreciation. All my hard work literally doesn't mean anything to anyone and nobody cares. 

Sure I'm doing all this self care for myself, but I need to feel  accepted by someone. I've never had a girlfriend, never had a best friend, never had someone I spiritually resonate with. I've never had anyone. I was physically abused by my father and I've been completely alone ever since. My entire existence has only been suffering and I don't understand why I'd be put here just to feel pain and suffering all while completely alone. I just bottle up all my emotions and pretend it doesn't bother me but of course it's eating away at my sanity. I don't have to be gorgeous or the prettiest man but I'm just tired of hearing how ugly I am. It breaks my heart so much I can literally feel pressure on my heart just thinking about how wrong I've been done over the course of my entire life. 

I guess the main reason I typed this all out is really to ask, how do I keep going even though I'm completely alone? How do I keep living knowing that I'm all I've ever had and nobody is there for me? How do I find the motivation to keep being a kind person when all I've been shown is repulsion for just trying to be myself. How can I find a friend or girlfriend that cares about my opinions and point of view on life without making me feel ugly and worthless. How do I find any reason not to end my life with the gun that's in the room right next to me?