On the verge of giving up
I am being harassed and the legal system is set up to protect the people harassing me more than me. I keep begging the police for help and  they seem sympathetic but tell me that they can't do anything since I am not being threatened. I just lost one of my jobs over this and have no idea what I am going to do. There is no justice in the justice system.

I am going broke from legal fees, bills, and unexpected expenses. The job I lost was only part-time but that $400 a month matters. My ex destroyed my credit so I can't even rely on that. My electric is going to get shut off because the equal pay plan ended and I don't have the money to pay the rest of the bill.

I have a vet bill that needs to be paid because my cumstain of an ex never paid it and I moved so I didn't get the bill. My cat is epileptic and takes medication. She has to get bloodwork every year and I don't know how I am going to afford both the old bill and the new one. I'm so fucking useless that I can't even properly take care of my cat.

I have a new boyfriend but I'm having trouble enjoying it. He reached out to play with my hair yesterday and I flinched so obviously that he pulled back. He told me it's okay, he understands, and even apologized to me for scaring me. *He* apologized to *me* like he did something wrong. I'm the one that's so broken that I pull away from kindness. He deserves so much better than what I can offer.

I am exhausted to the bone. I'm averaging 3 hours of sleep a night and it's interrupted by nightmares. Every noise sends me into a panic and I feel too vulnerable to sleep with headphones on.

My anxiety is so high that it has  reached the stratosphere. I can't leave my apartment alone without feeling like the ground is going to give way. I can only go out when I am with someone and I just feel so goddamn pathetic asking people to come with me to the store. The panic attacks are brutal and I find myself hoping one will just give me a heart attack and be done with it.

I'm just so fucking tired of fighting and getting nowhere. Every time I think things are getting better, something happens and they get worse.