I just don't see the point in continuing to put a Fuckton of effort into remaining alive in a world not made for me, in a society not made for me, with no possibility of things ever being any better than they are now, and plenty of opportunity to get worse.
I'm very severely autistic. I have very severe sensory issues, and a number of other physical impairments and difficulties. My neuropsychologist and doctors are somewhat shocked that I can speak at all, I am lucky in that I am extremely gifted, I have an IQ of 167, and I use my excess intellectual ability to compensate enough to speak, and process sensory information manually. I am in constant pain. Everything necessary for life is extraordinarily painful to me, food and water especially. 

I am in a gray area as far as competency, intellectually I am, but emotionally/mentally/socially I'm essentially a toddler. 

I am totally disabled, and on SSI. I get ~$700 a month. I will never get more in terms of monetary value, as cost of living increases never keep up with actual price increases. The poverty I live in now can only ever get worse.

I am a child abuse survivor, with PTSD. I can't speak at all in front of doctors, or agents of any bureaucracy/the gov/other authority. It would be incredibly easy to have me ruled incompetent, and my parents want me back. I can't use hud or section 8 or other things that might help, because I can't have a place in my name or any listed address. I have to be legally homeless, and rent rooms from unstable people on craigslist because that's the only way they can't find me. 

Psychiatrists and mental health professionals at my income level can't differentiate autism from serious mental illnesses that absolutely require medications that are literally worse than death for me. I went through that as a kid, it was terrible, and it takes a lot of effort and assistance of someone I can't count on being able to help forever to keep getting my SSI and regular health care while avoiding being forcibly misdiagnosed and forced on such medications. It's terrifying to know that all it takes is one doctor visit gone wrong and an official recommendation to lose everything for refusal of medical treatment. I'd love it If I could take medications and have it help with what it's supposed to, but autism is a brain wiring difference, not a chemical difference, and even where I have potential chemical issues, medication doesn't affect me in a predictable way. I've been on enough different kinds for enough years (30+ kinds and over a decade) to know it's not a viable way to deal with my issues without some serious medical advancements and better educated doctors. I'm limited to coping skills and the usual sensory processing disorder items: weighted blankets, hearing protection, fidget toys, etc.

My life is constant crisis, trying to find a place to stay, trying to afford enough food, trying to leap through the hoops necessary to keep my SSI and medical care. No security, no hope for anything better or any improvement at all, only to survive this next emergency and wait for the next one.

I have enjoyable moments, but I fail to see how they are worth continuing through all this, waiting for the emergency I can't escape, to be trapped by my parents or the mental health system in a hell worse than death. Objectively, I can't see any use, purpose, or reason why I should continue to exist through this if this is the best it can get, especially considering just how easy and likely it is to get so much worse. 

I'm not suicidal, it's one of those things that accompanies my lack of ability to process time, and future consequences in a typical way, I've never been able to bring myself to trade current discomfort for future relief. I've no plan, I'm Not a danger to myself or others. It's obvious, however, that this isn't a healthy way to think, and my self care is suffering considerably. I can't seek professional help for the reasons listed above. Reddits taught me 90% of the coping skills and mental tricks that get me through a day, so It just seemed logical to try and talk here.  I only have WiFi on Saturdays and Mondays, so if I don't respond right away, I will.