Being the boyfriend.
My Girlfriend and I have been dating for almost 6 years. She has suicidal thoughts occasionally. She tells me I am very supportive and a great bf but sometimes I don’t think I’m giving the best support. 

(Sorry for the long post. I don’t know if there’s any other SOs in this thread or if there is another sub I should be posting in) 

I don’t have anyone I can talk to about this. After about a year into dating, while we were cleaning dishes in her apartment, she let on how serious her depression was when she told me that she had once held a gun to her head. After a long silence we both cried and I told her how much I loved her. She told me that she had only ever told her best friend and didn’t want anyone to know, so I’ve never told anyone, not even my closest friend of 15+ years whom I share anything and everything with. So thank you to whomever shares any words of wisdom you’re all I got. 

Over the the last year our relationship has dwindled, we still tell each other we love each other constantly and talk about getting engaged/married. But we don’t have conversations like we used to, she always falls asleep on the couch so we don’t sleep together hardly, we don’t have sex at all, I think 6 times total last year, that has been a big point of frustration at least for me - I’ve tried to initiate sex and been shot down so many times that I’ve all but given up at this point, even when it’s your lover, your best friend, it still feels like crap when you get rejected. I’ve tried to talk to her about it many times the day after or some time that is away from sex so we can have a calm conversation about it but everyone so far, every time we have talked she’s gotten worked up and basically says she doesn’t feel like it. We both have HPV so sometimes that gets in the way but whenever we’ve talked it’s always that she’s not in the mood. I feel like she’s not telling me something. 

I feel as if we’ve stopped growing and are maybe even starting to resent each other, which is scary to me. I get paranoid that she’s cheating on me sometimes, which I highly doubt she is, I think it’s just me trying to rationalize the lack of sex. Most of all I feel like this entire relationship is about her, and it’s frustrating me lately. I honestly don’t mean to sound like a jerk here; I’m certainly not entitled to anything and while I know her story better than anyone I have no idea what it was really like to experience those traumas growing up and how it effects her today. 

I don’t even know how to explain how I’m feeling. I’m constantly having the internal debate: “Well what about me?”- “Fuck about you! What about her!?” And so on. While writing this post I kind of caught myself switching between my 2 head-spaces.

Headspace A: 
“That being said.. why can’t it be about me sometimes? Shouldn’t a relationship be 50/50? I’ve really never been an attention seeker so I’m fine with 30/70 or 20/80? Anything at this point. It’s not though, everything we do is dictated by her depression.”

Headspace B:
“A few weeks ago while I was alone doing laundry I just started hysterically crying I couldn’t breathe, it really freaked me out. Nothing like that has ever happened to me before. Earlier that day she had called me crying and saying “she just wants it to be over. She just wants to give up. She wants to die” I love her so much and i’m scared for her and for us.”

Am I just a shitty person for wanting it to be about me sometimes? I feel like a prick even saying that. Of course I’ve never told her about this, she has enough to worry about and I want to be her rock, not another burden, a toddler, whining about not getting enough attention. So I don’t say anything, instead I just get distant, which I recognize and I hate that I do that. I’m just angry at this situation and don’t know how else to react. 

I want our relationship to be what it once was; fun and exciting. How can I help this relationship? How do I bring up my inner man-child who needs her attention or do I bring it up at all? 

Thanks so much for any help.

Edit: I meant to include this in the post and a lot of you have asked. She is currently taking medication to help with the anxiety and so far it has been working pretty well I think but she still definitely has sad days. Her doctor said if the meds don’t help then she could put her in touch with a therapist. Also taking any suggestions on the best way to find a therapist. Gf is hoping to get one recommended by the primary dr so it is covered by insurance.