HR issued then rescinded a disciplinary notice to me bc they failed to read the dr note I submitted months ago; how protected am I? should I be looking for another job?
I really thought this company was going to be a long term company for me. I'm working an entry level position but just started classes to move up in the company (a promotion requires more education). I even applied for tuition reimbursement for the classes I'm taking.


I have multiple health issues and checked 'yes' on the "Do you have a disability?" question when I was applying for this job. I've been working there for over a year. I was sick for two weeks last year due to smoke inhalation because our area had severe wildfires. I was then placed on a PIP for attendance and told that if my absences were due to medical reasons, I could submit a doctor's note for intermittent medical leave and my attendance would no longer be considered a performance issue. However, I didn't have health insurance until January, so I did not get a doctor's note until a few months ago. I submitted the doctor's note at the same time that I took 4 days of continuous medical leave and the doctor signed one note for both leaves.


Important to note that my manager who was handling the PIP transferred to a different location after I submitted the doctor's note. My supervisor was then promoted to take my manager's place. I had an annual performance review with my supervisor after she got promoted to manager. It was a positive review and I was given a raise. I mentioned the doctor's note at this time and my new manager said she had not yet been made aware of it. I thought that was odd but assumed they were going to fill her in since she had only just been promoted. 

Then in July, a friend of mine died very unexpectedly. Stress exacerbates my health conditions and I missed 1.5 days, then another day for her wake. The lead manager at my office was aware of my friend's passing as well as a few other people I had to tell when I called out. 

The next week, I had a meeting with my manager, my brand new supervisor, and a woman from HR who was running the meeting. They placed a disciplinary notice in front of me which I barely had time to read but it had 3 dates listed on it, dating back to my first attendance warning. 

I said I had a doctor's note on file for intermittent absences and that I was under the impression that was all that was necessary to satisfy the PIP I had been on. HR said I only had the note for the continuous leave I took, and I told her it was on the same note. When she found it, she confirmed that it was on there and swiftly yanked the disciplinary notice away from me. She then chastised me for "not keeping my managers in the loop" and also stated that she didn't know if they could accommodate me based on the leave my doctor recommended. She said she would follow up on the issue.

Since this has happened, my motivation to work has substantially dropped. I was putting in extra hours, volunteering to work shifts that needed coverage, and working on my school work to move up in this company. Now I feel that my head is on the chopping block and they are looking for any excuse to fire me, even the death of a friend. I'm stressed all the time, it's affecting my sleep and my health, it's affecting my job performance, and I'm terrified of calling out. I have one more month before I finish my class and am eligible for the tuition reimbursement that I applied for from the company. I'm trying to stick it out until then at least, but I'm wondering if my intuition is correct and I need to give up on this company and look for a job someplace else. And what happens if they say they can't accommodate my medical needs?

Thanks for listening!