Who knew glandular fever could ruin my life?
Last year I went through a major upheaval in my life. I dropped out of year 12 (senior year?), moved 3 hours away from everyone and everything I knew, was homeless, and was honestly ready to just give up.

I got myself out, finished high school, completed a few different courses, found somewhere to live, got enrolled in university to study justice and confirmed what I wanted to do career-wise, which was to join the police force in my state. I was so determined to do this, I've never had any goals I've been willing to work so hard towards.

Then I got sick. I had glandular fever (mono). Got the usual illness, was sick for a few weeks and then got over it. I was well for about a week when I went to visit my grandparents. A few days in, my back started to ache, though I thought that was just because I was driving grandma all over the place and wasn't used to that. Over the next few days, I couldn't eat, was feverish and shaky, was starting to get sick again. We thought maybe I just wasn't over the sickness and went to the doctor. She gave me pain and nausea medication and a shot to make the nausea go away, none of which helped. 

It was time for me to go home. The morning after I got back, I woke my boyfriend and begged him to take me to hospital. He took me to the smallish hospital near our place, they did test after test and decided it was best to send me to one of the biggest hospitals in our city, as whatever it was, they weren't equipped to handle it. It took a week, a bone marrow aspiration (using six needles instead of the usual two, on the bright side I have very hard bones), a platelet transfusion, and a PICC line (a line travelling down a vein towards the heart, used to take blood, administer meds etc.) to discover what was wrong. I had a rare blood infection, one that can be fatal, which can either be genetic or from infections like glandular fever, in my case. I had an enlarged liver, spleen and very low iron and platelets. They treat it with steroids and 40 weeks of chemotherapy. I was terrified.

Fortunately for me, by the time they figured out what it was, I had started getting better on my own and only needed steroids as treatment. Alas, I was weak for months, I still get exhausted very easily and sometimes my back still hurts where they took the bone marrow. Regardless of this, I bounced back, started my uni course, and was so bloody excited about my future. 

Last month, my heart started racing as I was washing dishes at work. I thought nothing of it and continued pottering about. The next day it happened again during a driving lesson. My instructor took me to the hospital. Test after test on my heart, couldn't find anything so they let me go. The next week I had an ambulance called for me as my heart rate was 130 while I was just sitting in class (average heart rate is 70). They let me go, pending further appointments with a cardiologist. I went and saw him on Thursday and he said it's one of two heart conditions, there are to be further tests but one of them is conveniently caused by 'having had a viral or bacterial infection, like glandular fever'. Wasn't too worried, they're both easily manageable and generally wouldn't cause issues in my day-to-day life. The next day I had to tell my teachers about it (if my heart rate increases I need to leave class and lie down). One of them is a former police officer and was on the interview board for the academy, so I asked her how having this would affect my chances of being successful. She said she'd ask her friend who is a medical officer, but it's very unlikely I'd be accepted. 

I am absolutely gutted, I got home and cried for the rest of the night. This was my dream and it's been completely torn from me by some stupid illness. I was so proud of myself, I've worked so hard and was so excited for my future and now my chance at that is gone. I don't know what to do.