Am i a loser if i am not invited to parties? (possibly NSFW)
im a 15 year old boy.

I go to a small private high school so we dont have all of the "staple" events that the average high school has.  For example, we dont have homecoming dances because we dont have a football team.  We also lack a few other major events, but i cant think of them at the moment.  So anyways, because of the lack of events at our school, a lot of students at my school go to the events at other schools.  And once they make a connection with someone from that school, they get invited to their personal house parties too.  But i just get so frustrated by that, because no matter how many friends i have at this school, i never get invited to the big parties.  And at my own school i actually am very well-liked, and i do have a few friends at other schools, but they arent the ones that throw the parties.  I used to not care, but now i just feel so alienated.  But then some people actually threw a BIG community-wide, teen-only party that i was actually invited to!  But i kept getting so anxious about it, and everyone was going just to grind and hook-up with girls, and i was really afraid.  So i didnt go.  And whats worse is that i punished myself for my bad decision and kept reliving it like a nightmare in my head.  But then i realized that the real reason that i was turned off by the hooking up and grinding was because i think im gay and i hate it.  Ive always had a kind of attraction towards guys, but i never paid any attention to it.  But now ever since ive been introduced to masturbation and pornography, my same-sex attraction has been more pronounced.  Im only ever attracted to gay porn and i fantasize about sexual encounters with my guy friends.  So now im even more anxious and scared because i dont know anyone who is gay and im worried that it will alienate me even more by the friends i have.  There's really a lot more to this story, and the problems im having now, but ive never been able to get advice about this topic, and i want to keep this post focused on it.  And ive already typed out so much!  So please, i really need some advice in any form, or if you can recommend a better subreddit to post this to.  And if you have a question or need more info, instead of downvoting, you can just ask and ill answer.  thank you!

EDIT: and one more point is that i can't help thinking that what social things that my friends do is the "right" thing to do.  I wish that parties wasn't what kids are "supposed" to do.  I wish i could tell my friends how i feel, because then they probably would invite me to things and be supportive (at least some of them).  I wish i could grow up and have good experiences and be proud of them.  And most of all, i wish i could accept the fact that im gay, and that there would be people that i would fit in with, and truly feel like a strong part of something good.

Im sorry for being a downer, i just need to get this off my chest because ive held it in for soo long!