Stood Up On First Date (Ever)
I (25M) have never been on a date. I'm overweight by a lot and although I'm working to change my life for the better I'm still nowhere what you'd call attractive because of my weight. I've been like that my whole life and because of this and a lifetime of bullying I have next to no self-esteem/confidence. As a result, I've never been on a date in my life. I've never had the confidence to put myself out there as I hated myself so much, I couldn't imagine someone liking me. 

Like I said I'm working on myself a lot and that includes mental health as well. I've recently started putting myself out there and exploring the dating world, online anyway. For the last 3 months I've been on all the apps, Tinder, Bumble, Hinge, PoF, etc., but haven't had any biters that weren't malicious scammers. Until this week. 

On Bumble I found a girl who, as far as I could tell, incredible. Cute, works in my industry, same taste in comedy, sports, just a ton of stuff in common. And unbelievably, we matched! We messaged back and forth all week, first on Bumble then via text. Things were great. Because of the pandemic, we couldn't exactly go out to dinner, so I asked her if if shed be interested in having dinner over video chat. Again, she said yes! I couldn't believe it. I spent the night/next day prepping the space where I'd sit, setting up lights to make things look better and testing microphones and cameras. I even found a playlist of ambiance music you might hear in a nice restaurant to have slightly playing in the background. I had everything set. And when the time came.... nothing. 

I texted and asked if the time still worked for her. Nothing. I called to see if everything was okay. Nothing. I waited for an hour to go by before I finally gave up and ate my meal alone in my sad setup. Still haven't heard anything from her. 

I don't know if there's much of a point to this post, if not just a way for me to get my feelings out. I just don't know what could have changed in 24 hours to change her mind. I feel like such an idiot. I'm around family right now and all I can do is put on a smile and pretend like nothing happened even though I'm on the constant brink of tears. It feels like a huge smack in the face, a reminder that all the progress I've made ultimately means nothing. I hate myself as much as ever. I don't know why I put myself through this.

EDIT: I just want to sincerely thank everyone for their kind words and support. When I posted this, I had no idea it would get this kind of response, and honestly I just wrote it as a way of getting my feelings out. You have no idea the difference it’s made in my perspective. Thank you all so much.