Attending Graduate School at your undergraduate institution
Hi everyone! I am beginning graduate school this fall at my alma mater to earn my M.Ed in Counseling Psychology with a Concentration in College Student Personnel Administration. Making the decision to attend my alma mater was NOT an easy one and I need some input on attending your alma mater for grad school and your expereince doing so and why. For the longest time, I had felt remorse for the decision I made but now I feel more confident in the decision I made. At times though, the feelings of my decision do come back. Let me break it down:

I applied to four graduate schools for student affairs administration in higher education (For purposes of anonymity I am going to call the schools by colors: purple U [my alma mater], U of orange, U of blue, and brown U [Not the actual university].)

I went through the motions of admissions and I received invites to interview from acceptances from all schools and an acceptance from U of Orange. Fast-forward, I did all my program interviews and/or assistantship interviews.

Here's what went down with acceptances:

Purple U- I received an offer of admission with my first choice assistantship I selected. From the interview day since I was an alumnus, since most everyone knows the campus, the process was pretty expedited and we wasted no time. I would have liked to chat with the current students a little bit which I did not have the opportunity to. Purple U was last on my list as a safety in case none of the other schools worked out; but it is a very strong and competitive program to get into (only taking 12 people per cohort so I was very fortunate to have received an *offer of admission*). Plus, they paid for all tuition and fees for each semester and I would get two practicums and two assistantships, guaranteed. I really loved the counseling emphasis of the program. My offer was time sensitive since it is an offer of admission and I only had a week to decide because they moved very quickly. Overall in my decision, I felt I needed to go somewhere different since I had been at the institution for 5.5 years as an undergrad. I felt that I would be reliving undergrad again, so I initially turned the offer down betting on other schools to give me an offer.

U of Orange- Even though I interviewed for 5 assistantships, they are technically not required to be a part of the program, but I knew I wanted one anyway. I waited for the longest time even after their spring break. No assistantship offers came in and it seemed like everyone else around me was getting offers left and right. I waited a LONG time, followed up, and nothing. (Even though I was admitted academically, an assistantship would waive the cost of tuition). I still waited on U of Orange for an offer even though I was accepted. They offered 12 month assistantships with health insurance that waived tuition but did not cover fees and the program was primarily administrative.

U of Blue- I was rejected from this school completely so it was a no-go there. It was not a right fit for me even during the assistantship interviews.

brown U [NOT the actual university]- This was probably the day I enjoyed the most. I had visited the school before hand because I had heard so many positive things about it and I was very impressed.  Everyone was most authentic there and there was a big emphasis on social justice. On the interview day, I had 8 interviews TPE style. Out of the 8,  I had gotten three 2nd round interviews. Followed up with them and I would hear back.  I was informed that the assistantships I interviewed with for 2nd rounds matched with other candidates. Hope was not lost because I found out weeks after I interviewed that I could interview with another site by phone that I did not interview with originally. I personally thought that this was a lot more work that I had to do especially going through the interviews. I still followed through any way. What I like about their program was its emphasis on social justice, student development theory, globalism (study abroad tours), and had a large alumni base. Their assistantships were 10 months but the catch was since my assistantships were off-campus, I would still have to pay tuition for a certain amount of credits and fees. In addition the cohort is much larger! 30+ per cohort. 

Here's the catch: Before I found out there was an opportunity to interview for another assistantship with brown U, I felt I had made a big mistake. I was in a bad spot with nothing to lean back on. U of Orange had not contacted me.  I felt bad rejecting Purple U so I called the coordinator and I told her my situation of not having any offers from any of the other institutions. She told me that if any other candidate declined that I would receive a second offer. Meanwhile, I set up my new assistantship phone interview with brown U. On the same day that I phone interviewed with brown, I received an offer from their assistantship site; but to make things tougher, I found out that someone from Purple U rejected an offer of admissions, so I received a second offer from my alma mater, purple U with my second choice assistantship preference. This time, I only had 24 hours to decide. To make things tougher, the offers I received for assistantships were all in the same area: Assistantship.

See the big decision?? brown with an offer from a "wildcard" assistantship site vs. purple with a second admissions offer and my second choice assistantship (which was my best interview). I was up all night trying to decide whether I would stay or go.

24 hours later, I had made the decision to stay at my alma mater purple and accept the offer; on the other side, I felt a bit of remorse because I had really connected with the people at brown and it felt genuine there. Purple on the other hand has a strong interview process and I have connections already. The interview day was different since it had purple alumni and current students interviewing only. I personally felt remorse with the decision of not choosing brown and it would take some time for me to know that I made the right decision with purple and staying at my alma mater.

So back to the question: Why did you decide to stay at your alma mater for graduate school? Did it give you advantages in the long run? I feel that staying where you went for undergrad can be stigmatized but I am learning that it's not always the case. Also, how did you handle being a graduate student and how did you differentiate yourself from your former undergraduate self? Is there something I am overthinking and overanalyzing with my decision? For those who have a spiritual life, how do you all view this? I am just really trying to come to peace and terms with my decision. I would really appreciate it! If you need names of schools just inbox me!