I just got fired on my first day and I don't know what to do
I have an anxiety disorder and often get panic attacks. I just got fired from my new job as a cashier in a supermarket. Sitting in the toilet room of a big shopping centre crying as I am typing this. This was my first real job since I finished school in may last year. So today was my first day and it all started really bad. Every bread and vegetable has its own number which I have to type into the cash register. I don't know any of them so I have to look everything up on a piece of paper. That takes a while and I'm not really comfortable with that cash register as I never used something like that before. It took me quite some time to get through each customer and I often had to call another worker to come help me. The line at my register got bigger and bigger. We have 3 cashiers but for some reason all the customers were in my line and my coworkers didn't really care. Then there was that older gentleman, I accidentaly typed in the wrong number for his bread, I apologized and called for a coworker. The man got really annoyed and started to yell at me, I didn't know what to do. The other customers just stared angrily at me and started to express how slow I am. At that point I was close to crying and I got a panic attack. Finally my boss came and explained he doesn't want me here and that I need to pack my stuff and leave. So yea, I don't know what to do, my parents are going to kill me. I'm lost, I can't even have a normal job for a day. 

I hope this is readable as english isn't my first language and I'm still pretty nervous about everything.

Edit: Thank you for your kind words, I really appreciate it. I called some people and have a job interview this friday at a place I like

Edit 2: Wow this really blew up huh, again, thank you so much for your nice comments. I've read all of them and I am speechless. Also a big thanks to the person who gave this post platinum, I appreciate it very much. I don't really know what to say, this community is so kind. Thank you