Want a way to get in the door to your dream job?
Hi guys. Just want to share my story. I recently got into Reddit and saw this community. 
I just want to share my story here. I had a one hour interview with two managers. She said will let me know by next week. I walked out feeling not too great but then got a phone call only two hours later with an offer. Keep in mind, it’s a position that I wanted to get into since graduation so you can say is a dream position. I am nervous but excited too! It is in a field that is highly competitive and in a big city with lots of competition. 

After I calm down more, I reflect on what I have done to prepare for this. One of the managers know me just once a few months ago. She remembered my name and face and smiled when seeing me in the interview. 

Let me take you back with my strategy. I would say, if you want something badly, you need to find an alternative way to let the corresponding HR see your face or know your name at some way. 

I was so interested in this field of medicine, but the problem I had was I know nobody that works in this field at the time. My first strategy was to figure out how I can get into this community. 
Tip #1: find the job’s relevant association/club/society. For example, if you are interested in a psychology position, find the non-profit organization that support psychologists for education/network etc. I found a general request for more info box on he organization web page, and I wrote down something along the lines of: I am very interested in the field, can you connect me which someone that is in the field at XXX city area? I didn’t expect a reply honestly but I did and the secretary had found somebody in their organization that works in the field at my city that is interested in helping me. 

Tip #2: this person is a coordinator for the local part of the organization and willing to connect with me for some shadow days (after I requested it after some friendly and professional emails back-forth). I shadowed her for few days, on my last day (after strategically asking around where the managers’ office is), I went in person to talk to her (manager A) and hands a copy of my resume. I introduced myself to the manager and told her how I got in contact with the person I shadowed. She was very nice and accepted the resume but did say she has to go through the fair system of picking online process over paper. 

I didn’t hear back anything for about half a year. Honestly, mindset is so important. I didn’t focus too much on it but just have a mindset that it’s not in my control but I tried! I was able to make a connection at least! So I was happy and doing my other job in the meantime. I keep applying to the place I hand the resume to but didn’t really hear back. 

Last month, I decided it’s time to add spice to my “game”. I emailed the manager this time stating who I was and that I am still interested. I told her in the email that I have applied to the positions your department posted so please look out for that. 
I didn’t receive a reply. 

One week later, I got a phone call from the other manager B (to my very surprise since I didn’t know there were two!) and wanted to see me for an interview. 

Story goes back to now, I met the two managers. Manager A stated nice to see me again and remembered who I was. She said she forwarded my email to manager B. Manager B said that was very nice. 

At the end, the interview was challenging. But what I have learnt in this process that lasts almost half a year is so important. I also don’t think I was the most qualified candidate with the most matched experience and physical skills the job required. I believe my persistence helped them to make the decision to hire me. They know I am interested. They know I really wanted the job. They know I shadowed somebody under the team to know a little bit about the job. They know I put in real time and effort to make them know I want the job. 

I guess what I want to say is, don’t get frustrated with the process. Find a way to let them see you; find a way to let them know your name and intention. Best of luck!