Girlfriend of 3.5 years broke up with me, we live together still
My girlfriend broke up with me a week ago. We had been a long distance all throughout highschool and she moved in with me while we went to college. I thought I was going to spend my life with this girl. But apparently she needed independence, and to grow, and to hang out(and fool around) with a guy who has a car. 

I don't know what to do. I helped her through so much. I saved her life. We were going to grow old together. I had my problems, I'm a bit of an introvert, and I spent most of high school at home, talking with her(lest she get upset) and didn't really learn how to fun outside easily. She had her problems, such as huge jealousy issues(which I overlooked) and anxiety

she still treats me the same(except in public, which I'm not allowed to show her any sort of romantic affection, but that fucking ass hat is), seems to be hurt that i'm hurting so much,
but that doesn't really change her plans much(aka hang out
with this fuckwit as much as she can)

i'm so broken, i don't know what to do, she was everything to me, she tells me I need a "life" outside her but I did have one, how is that supposed to change how crippling this is to me? i live with her
so i can't avoid her, when i'm away from her i break down, i've missed class because I can't get myself out of bed in the morning,
i've broken down at least once a day, i'm still a total sucker for her
and baby her when she's at home because I'm a fucking dope, right?

i'm so lost. i've tried to start improving myself(finally getting my license, which is due to insurance issues more than lack of want; and starting to diet and work out), do more things with her, but I
thought she'd understand that with my full time schooling(i'm at school 75% of the week) it's hard for me, especially with our conflicting schedules

I'm just, so so lost, i can't enjoy anything, i enjoyed breaking bad,
but i'm all caught up and there's nothing to see until sunday, I'm an absolute wreck, i can't even tell my mom, because I made promises to my ex that when she moved in with me that i'd make sure if we broke up her housing wouldn't be compromised because of it, and i know if my mom knew her rent would be jacked up, and the whole house would be tense, etc.

i'm just stuck. and it's impossible. i don't think i'd ever find
a girl i felt so perfect with, and i'm stuck like this in a nightmare
that I never wake up from, just resume the next day

edit: thank you so much guys. I really appreciate all that's been said. Those sayings she's abusive, maybe she is, but I don't think I've painted the full picture regardless, but it doesn't really matter--the advice is still valid nonetheless, and I'm taking it all to heart. Thank you again for helping me when I was really at the end of my ropes