Want to go back to uni and do a Masters to open up the possibility of a research assistant or scholar of some sort. Haven't got much support from my family.
I graduated several years ago with a liberal arts (English and History) BA degree and have struggled to find full-time work since then. I think I need to upskill and most recently I did a TEFL before realising that I needed a CELTA or TESOL to teach IN this country. To be a teaching assistant I need CACHE.

When I was younger I hoped to follow a standard BA-> MA and maybe PhD route, but since I was ill during and after my undergraduate studies I lost my confidence in being able to do more than BA. 

I've seen some interesting research assistant roles but they pretty much all require a Masters (MRes in particular). I went on open days for the unis to learn more about the MA programs and was quite interested. I brought them up with my parents afterwards and my mum in particular wasn't really interested while Dad was ambivalent. Mum practically handled my Student Finance claims when I was an undergraduate since I wasn't very well throughout my studies (e.g. I gave her permission to speak with the call centre on my behalf); despite this I got a scholarship/bursary two years in a row and avoided accommodation by staying at home (a decision I partially regret but it's done) so paid off most of my debt back then. Of course now it doesn't matter since my friends who were once saddled in debt now have MAs, some PhD and have established a career path.  

There is one route which they back, that's me completing a PGCE to obtain Qualified Teacher Status so I can be a state school teacher. Everything else is just "but the debt Xemnas" and I...frankly don't have a very strong sense of self to oppose them. If they treat me as if I can't handle the loan then, maybe I can't :/   

I'd be less pissed about this if they didn't let my brother see his own degree to the end (PhD). My sister also just completed her nursing degree; granted she's now paying off debt working crazy hours in the hospital. I understand that they are trying to stop me getting into debt, it's not malicious, but I get the feeling my BA isn't got enough, I need SOMETHING more to get off the ground so...I don't really have much choice.