I'm not going to tell my husband about the money I just got.
Kind of long, TL;DR at the end. 

For some background, we're poor. Until both of our kids are in school next year and I can go back to work, we're a family of 4 living on just my husband's income. He makes better than minimum wage and we're in an area where cost of living is dirt cheap, but we're still working with less than $30,000/yr. We live very frugally, we only have the necessities and basically every cent we have goes towards bills or caring for our children. 


Because I'm currently a SAHM, I try to help my little sister by babysitting for her so she doesn't have to quit her job. She doesn't make much, but it's better than nothing. She usually pays me by just picking up whatever small stuff I need for the house. A pack of diapers here, a jug of laundry detergent there, you get the idea. 


So, yesterday we celebrated a late Easter with all the kids and they had a blast. Well, my sister surprised me with a basket even though I didn't expect anything. It was so sweet of her, she got my favorite candy and a few skeins of yarn, just really thoughtful, you know? She also gave me $600, which I did NOT expect. I was pretty floored, because that's a pretty big amount of money for all of us. It's not  exactly something we're pulling out of the couch cushions. It's literally our rent and electric bill this month. It is a significant gift that my sister gave me. 


I know I should spend that money on bills. There's always something that needs to be paid, or the car fixed, the kids have birthdays coming up... there's just always much that I could use that money for. And I decided to not tell my husband about it. He's not the best with money. I mean, he's not out blowing rent on dumb shit, but if we have a spare $20, he can't not spend it so I'm usually in charge of the money. 


I have decided to not tell him about this gift, and surprise him by buying us a new bed with that money. We've needed a new bed for years, we've talked about it so many times but it's always at the bottom of our priorities list because we won't die without it and the kids are always outgrowing clothes. I want to do something for us for once. I don't even remember the last time we had something new, just because. And I want a new bed. I'm tired of us working our asses off and waking up sore and not fully rested. We deserve something nice for ourselves for once. And I'm gonna do it. I'm not telling him because he'll remind me that there's other, more important things. But those other things are always there. The opportunity for a new bed, however, is not one I'm willing to pass up. 


TL;DR my sister gifted me a substantial amount of money and I'm not telling my husband about it so I can buy us a new bed instead of spending it on something "more important".