so hard to be alive
just like my name suggests... throwaway for obvious reasons

every now and then i always think about how hard it is for a human being to stay alive. like, there's all these standards you have to live up to, there's all these people judging you all the time, so many factors.

i have a partner that always tells me off every day for very random reasons. today it was because of a girl that added me on social media and i pressed accept, but i haven't talked to her; we just met during a trip that we all went on recently.

i quit my 6 year job recently to pursue an entrepreneurship, now swimming in debt because my product isn't ready to launch yet and i have zero income (actually i have negative income because i still need to pay employees)

my partner wanted to get a dog so now we have a puppy that i have to deal with during the day whilst still working on my useless startup that's not going anywhere. i lack motivation every day because i already feel exhausted dealing with this puppy...

i have no friends, well actually maybe i do have friends but firstly i'm afraid of talking to them because i don't want to get judged, and also because if i do, i have no idea how my partner's going to react (as most of them are female).

ehhh.. i'm just ranting now, i don't expect anyone here to even give any shits about me really -- you don't know me, i don't know you, why would anyone care?

how does a human stay alive?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

you know what i always think -- there's so much stress in my life that it's actually so much easier to just kill myself and be done with it

think about it this way right, if you're dead there's nothing to worry about because you're dead.. how good is that? there's absolutely nothing for you to even care about

it's like the easiest and fastest way out of every single problem

you know what also, i look at my puppy and i feel that even her life is better than mine. she has nothing to worry about, all she need to do is to complain and she'll get pats, cuddles and food. when she's bored she can just fuck around without any care in the world.

&#x200B;

i wish i was dead. but i'm afraid of pain

maybe someone can tell me the fastest way out of this mess?

&#x200B;

this post is such a waste of time, if anyone actually read this far, i'm sorry for wasting your time. i probably shouldn't have even posted this.

&#x200B;

oh i didn't read the rules... given that this is a new throwaway, i'm guessing this post will get deleted anyways. thanks for letting me rant into the trash section