If he or she doesn't call or text you back, then do not pursue because you'll only make yourself look like you're chasing after them. He or she has already shown their lack of interest, so show him or her your pride! You are TOO GOOD to kiss someone's ass just to be with them or for sex.
People have access to many other people these days, and many of them tend to be rather fickle, arrogant, overly selective and full of games. There is no such thing as "playing hard to get" anymore. People simply don't give a shit, and the more genuine and real you are; the nicer you try to be and the more interest you display, you run the actual risk of encountering people who believe it's OK to take you for granted; leave your ass hanging... and some of them even have the nerve to call you weeks or months later as if nothing ever happened as if you're going to be standing by with the same crush or desperation and waiting on their ass. This is not to say or imply that you should become ONE of these people. NO! Don't do that... because if you let this happen, then all you will do is decrease or diminish the quality of your OWN character. All I'm saying is you must REFUSE to chase after people who mislead, play games, never call/text or return calls and texts or disrespect you no matter HOW good they look or WHAT they can do in bed! These kind of people will use their looks, sexual abilities and the size of whatever is in their underwear or bra to use, take advantage or hurt others... and none of these things are worth you pride and self-respect. Ya feel me? If a person is ugly on the inside... then they are ugly as hell on the inside. What's even more crazy is the fact that the games have gotten so bad that even the not-so-good-looking people think they can treat people this way. LMAO

So let's run through this one more time... if he or she doesn't call or text you back, then do not pursue because you'll only make yourself look like you're chasing after them. He or she has already shown their lack of interest, so show him or her your pride! You are TOO GOOD to kiss someone's ass just to be with them or for sex.