I was in a relationship with and I did not realize what I had until I lost it.
8-10 months ago, I made someone quite lovely, gorgeous even, fall head over heels for me while they were still in a relationship with someone else. They were in a relationship with someone extremely jealous and controlling. They needed someone to listen to their problems, they needed someone that understood. I made sure to completely make them feel special, I made them feel like their problems were being heard and understood. I even sent them sweet poems and letters. I made sure to completely woo them over. I made them feel like they were on top of the world. Eventually, they did break up with their SO just to be with me-the understanding one, the one that listens, the one that they thought was the good guy. 

And to my surprise they were the type of person most people would kill for to have a relationship with. They were the sweetest of the sweetest. They would always be there for me whenever I asked. They made other people jealous of me. They bought me expensive things, they took me anywhere I wanted, they even took me to a concert that was pretty costly.

It doesn't sound like much of a problem to be in a 5-star relationship with someone as excellent as the person that I was dating. Except, I am not a person to get attached to someone, nor a person that opens up easily. I am a person that has flings and short relationships that last for about a month, not committed relationships. I am afraid to fall in love. I am manipulative, a sweet talker, you would call me a 'player'.

After a couple of weeks, I abused the privilege of being in a relationship with someone who would do anything for me. It started out with me refusing to kiss them or hold their hand, I imagine it felt like being a bit rejected. I made them jealous and I liked the fact that they were afraid to lose me to someone else. I stopped calling, or answering any of their calls. I stopped texting. I ignored them on purpose. I made excuses to why I didn't want to see them. I lied to them about quite a lot. I don't know what was my goal, I don't know if I wanted them to feel bad about themselves or if I grew bored of them.

Eventually, I broke up with them. It broke their heart completely. Although they refused to give up on me. They were still there somehow. They were constantly looking for ways in, trying to figure me out for about a month more. I didn't realize that they were the only person in my life that actually cared for me. And my biggest mistake was that I told them to move on, that I never wanted a partner and I've never loved them, that they are free to leave. They stopped trying, and they stopped talking to me.

2-3 months later, they popped up in my mind and stayed there. They refused to leave my thoughts. And the strange part, whenever I saw someone that looked like them, it completely hurt me on the inside. I wanted them again. It was a weird feeling but, I NEEDED to talk to them. 

Prepping and preparing what I'd say to them, I went on their twitter to what seemed like forever (I deleted their number a long time ago) and found out they're back together with their last SO. Strangely, I don't want to ruin what they have with their last SO. They seem happy together. I've been ignoring my feelings until now but it's gotten to the point where I want nothing but my ex. 

I feel awful for the things I did, and I want to start over with them. I don't think talking to them is a good idea, and I don't know what to do. I don't think I'm in love. I don't know why I'm feeling like this. It may be because I want someone to care for me again? I'm lost.

Edit: I was in a relationship with SOMEONE. I can't really change the title.