pregnant ex gf
Sorry it's long.  

Moved to a city with a girl about a year ago. Before moving, in the early stages of our relationship, I got her pregnant.  We were using, minimally and incorrectly, various forms of contraceptive...it was stupid and bound to happen. We talked about options and went with abortion.  It was a hard decision that neither of took lightly, on the contrary, it is a very heavy decision to make.   
So fast forward a few more months, we decide that we are the real deal and that our early tribulations are only a testament to our devotion, yada yada yada...moved across the country for a change of scenery and to kill time (i'm working on getting into professional school in the mean time).   
A few months in, our relationship heads south- the details do not really mean anything to this story, only that it's turned south for me meaning I am the one falling out of love, not her. I end up breaking up with her, but we still have a lease together and still really only ave each other in this new city. So to avoid breaking lease, which we couldn't afford, we just rode the lease out. Me sleeping on the couch a lot (we had a 600sq ft apt).  Now, there was no animosity or real contempt or anything. I just fell out of love with her and made it clear that once the lease is over, I'll be gone. She said she would rather spend this time with me doing fun things together than just to lose me now and possibly never see me again (i had plans to move back across country having gotten into my professional school) Under this pre-condition, we still spent lots of time together. We slept together once every couple of weeks, sometimes more sometimes less.  This went on for the months of february and march, I left in april.   
We haven't talked much since I've been home.  I've gotten over the relationship. It's harder for her.  We have mostly stopped talking. Until yesterday. She texts and calls. It was my birthday yesterday. I didn't want drama. I didn't respond. She sends a text this morning.  She is pregnant. She didn't want to tell me like that, but I didn't answer my phone when she called.  She sounded angry. Then she told me she is just angry at herself.  She had lied to me about taking her birth control for the month of march (even though I made a point to ask every time- sorry but she really sucked at taking the pill when she first started on it was necessary).  
I just can't even... why? It's so silly and so irresponsible.  She has told me not to worry about it. She is having another abortion in a couple days. She doesn't want my help, she says. She can do it on her own, she says.   It's all arranged.  I don't know what to do. I've made myself available to her (i told her this). If she needs anything I told her to let me know. Is this enough?  I know I share responsibility, but I'm angry that she lied to me about the birth control... i just don't, like why the fuck... it doesn't matter though. What's done is done. Happy birthday to me and my unborn children. fuck.  
thanks for reading.