Struggling with abusive parents.
Struggling with abusive parents.

Very long post ahead. 

This is my first post in here, but I honestly feel like I’m going crazy in this quarantine with my parents. I mean I feel like they’re abusive but what if I’m just the issue here? I don’t know. My mother threw my meds on the table, her dogs got them off the table and chewed up the bottle, so she in turn threw the bottle into a fucking cup of diet coke and I was unable to salvage any pills, and now after tomorrow I have no meds for a month and I am stressing. I dunno what I’m gonna do. I cant do any of my school work because my parents forced me to give my laptop to my sister and I have asked her for it back four times and shes ignoring me. I tried to talk to my mom about something really important today and she decided to be an asshole and act like a four year old and wouldn’t let me talk and then, got on tiktok and acted like I wasn’t there. I haven’t eaten anything but a candy bar today because I cant cook at all and I have nothing that doesn’t require cooking and they refused to help me out. So I tried to look up some recipes with what we had and it was all too complicated. I told her I got myself a therapist and she belittled me for it. This was a big deal because it required a lot of phone calls to several people and I have horrible anxiety. I’m so frustrated and so tired of living in this house. 

This happened a few days ago. 

Long story short dad asked me to change the trash. We have three bins in the kitchen, one was shoved under the counter and I didn’t even realize it was there. I went to go do the other thing he asked me after stopping in my room for like five mins to tell a friend I’d be back, and as I leave my room he comes stomping down to my room 

Conversation:

Him: whatd I ask you to do
Me: im going to finish right now
Him: Why didn’t you change the trash?
Me: what are you talking about? I did?
Him: Not all of them why dont you do what I fucking ask of you
Me: I literally am doing it right now

He walks away and I say to my mom when i get in the kitchen

“He can get out of bed to come yell at me about not changing the trash but cant get out of bed to change the trash”

He must’ve been eavesdropping because theres no way he heard me say that otherwise. From his bedroom to the kitchen, I live in a rather large house. 

Anyway. 
He comes busting through the sliding glass door in our kitchen and this convo ensues. 

Him: you got something to say?!
Me: I dont wanna fight with you
Him: then do what the fuck I ask of you
(Keep in mind im literally changing the last bin as hes screaming at me)
Me: i am literally doing it right now jesus christ!

He walks away after slamming the glass door so hard it shakes. 

I sit down at the table with mom and he comes down the hall, I look at him and he literally makes a face at me like a fucking five yo.

A min later I say to mom as dad is still in the hall.

Me: alright give me a hug 
Ma: are you going to bed?
Me: No but im not gonna come out of my room for a bit
Ma: Okay I love you

I go back to my room and realize I forgot my phone so I go back to get it. He calls me into his room as im walking back down the hall. 

Me: what do you want 
Him: Thought you weren’t gonna come out of your room
Me: Leave. Me. Alone.

I go to my room. My mom calls me out again to help her with something 

He calls me into his room again

Him: Just wanted to say I love you
Me: Oh so now you wanna be nice?
Him: I’m always nice 
Me: yeah ok
Him: except when you dont do what i ask
Me: Can you stop acting like a five year old? Youre 51 not 5 
Him: Im not you are, and if you’d do what I ask I wouldn’t be mean 
Me screaming because I am so frustrated and on the verge of tears: do you get off on being a douchebag to people? 
Him: no I just wanted to tell you I loved you
Him as im walking out of his room: and I know you love me too 

Sounds less dramatic than it was, but he does this constantly and i’m fucking over it. Excuse my language but I seriously am so angry and so upset. 

My dad had told me he’d kill me if he found out I was gay, because my sister outed my then boyfriend and I to my mother, and in turn she was calling me names and hitting me for a two weeks and in front of boyfriend. As he was there when I was confronted. 

I don’t know what to do anymore. I work at Taco Bell like four hours for four days a week and am refused more hours. So I cant get out. They refuse to help me out with anything. I needed physical therapy and my insurance covers it but I cannot drive yet so I didn’t get to go. Six years ago I broke my ankle and needed surgery but he wouldn’t take me, so I broke my ankle again about two years ago or so, and now its even worse and I need it fixed but again he won’t take me. But he refuses and I mean REFUSES to teach me how to drive or to just let me take the test and try to wing it. (I can drive there are just still things I am not confident doing) I don’t have a bank account because I cannot get there to set up the account so I have some weird Taco Bell supplied debit card. I dunno. What am I supposed to do? I am at a loss. Am I crazy? Am I the problem here? I do everything they ask, I take the trash out every week for them, I clean the house, I clean up after my mothers five dogs including my own. (My mother is a SERIOUS hoarder) I dunno what my purpose even is making this post, I guess I just needed to get it out to someone, or people I feel like won’t be mean to me. So thank you to anyone who reads this.