Pls help I’ve liked her for years
K so a bit about me: female, 17, going into senior year. 
I’ve liked this girl since we were in freshman year. We were really close friends in middle school. We went to different high schools and kept in touch over the phone. I started liking her slowly in freshman year and eventually it kept getting worse as we kept talking and meeting up. (She is also gay btw). At first I thought I could ignore it and it would pass but it’s been nearly 3 years and I like her more ughhhh. Im pretty sure she sees my as a little sister type friend. For next year (senior year) we are going to the same school and we have been talking a lot more and seeing each other more often. This is definitely me over analyzing but recently she’s been a bit more touchy and even kinda asked to give me a hickey when we got drunk at a party lol. But she did tell me about a girl she said she might like. So I don’t really think she likes me that way. Ok I don’t want to sound all “dramatic teenage girl” but I do have a couple mental health issues I guess, and she kind of knows about them? But like not in depth. I always tell her not to worry and nothing is wrong because I feel bad putting a burden like me on her but I’m pretty sure she knows I’m lying so I’m pretty pissed at myself for letting her know that much because now she probably pities me and I really don’t want that. It’s a really complicated thing and I just don’t want to like her that way. Even in the nonexistent chance she felt the same, I’d feel guilty dating her because I’d kind of drag her down because she’s just such an amazing person and I’m not. (Wow sorry this sounds so dramatic lol). Hell I even feel guilty being friends with her because I don’t like making her worry or pity me. But the worst part is that if I had any chance to date her, my selfish, dumb self would go for it in an instant. If I asked her out it would just look so pathetic on my part since she already probably sees me as impulsive, damaged, and childlike. Ugh sorry I’m dumping a 3 year long complex onto the person reading this. 

Ok so now that I unloaded my cringeworthy girl issues and other personal issues on the poor reader, what the hell am I supposed to do?? I’m still trying to get over her and she has no idea I like her. Do I tell her?? Should I ask her out? Should I wait it out? Am I overanalyzing?? I just kind of feel like shit and really need some advice on how to deal with this situation.