Quarter-Life Crisis
I don't know what else to title this so I thought sticking to the status quo of life was a good start. First some background.

I'm 28. I have a full-time job and a girlfriend who loves me very much. Life *seems* okay at first glance, but here's my problem.

I hate my job. I feel as though I've been pigeonholed into a dead-end career. I work for technical support for a major cable company (I'm the guy you talk to when you call for internet support). I absolutely hate working this job. Half the people that call in should never own a computer or tablet, a quarter the scum of the earth, and then there's the occasional 5% that are okay people.

 That's just the customers, the management is terrible as well. They pride themselves on getting you to 'do your best' and 'better your position' or 'move up in the company', but there literally is nothing I would rather not do. I feel like a slave bee.

I guess I'm probably just complaining, but I had bigger plans for my life. I told myself over and over I would never enter into the call center job atmosphere, yet here I am. A slave to the kinds of companies I loathe, becoming more and more cynical day in and day out. 

This weekend I called out three times, forfeiting my vacation pay because I just couldn't take it. One of those days my truck stalled and now I just found out I have a 500$ repair bill coming. Top that with 350$ a month in student loan payment, and 500$ in rent. I'm at the end of my rope. I make about 1500$ a month, which is substantial, but I have to sell my soul to do it. I have an associates degree in general science, but was put on academic suspension because of grades. That was 3 years ago. 

Truthfully, I just want to know what I'm good at. There's been hundreds of things I've 'tried', but I never stuck with them long, and every time I just feel more like a failure. I want out of this job but I can't sacrifice my pay due to my loans. I can't defer anymore because I've done so too many times. About the only thing I'm good at doing is playing video games and even that is mediocre. I have too much ambition to be only a laborer or worker bee my whole life, I want more. 

I want to do what I want to do but I don't know what I want to do. Ultimately I suppose that's the TL:DR version. I just feel like I'm not good at anything that can actually make me a living, and I'm so sick of my current employer but have no other decent prospects open.