What do we know about the treatment of Hezbollah by the Obama administration near the time of the Iran deal?
Politico reports that the DEA launched an investigation into Hezbollah in 2008, called Project Cassandra, and has evidence that Hezbollah is now a international crime syndicate that "collects $1 billion a year from drug and weapons trafficking, money laundering and other criminal activities."

[Politico reports that](https://www.politico.com/interactives/2017/obama-hezbollah-drug-trafficking-investigation/):

>When Project Cassandra leaders sought approval for some significant investigations, prosecutions, arrests and financial sanctions, officials at the Justice and Treasury departments delayed, hindered or rejected their requests.

>The Justice Department declined requests by Project Cassandra and other authorities to file criminal charges against major players such as Hezbollah’s high-profile envoy to Iran, a Lebanese bank that allegedly laundered billions in alleged drug profits, and a central player in a U.S.-based cell of the Iranian paramilitary Quds force. And the State Department rejected requests to lure high-value targets to countries where they could be arrested.

David Asher, a Defense Department illicit finance expert who worked on Project Cassandra, said about the decisions which hindered the project: 

>"This was a policy decision, it was a systematic decision. They serially ripped apart this entire effort that was very well supported and resourced, and it was done from the top down."

John Brennan, Obama's top counterterrorism adviser and then CIA director wrote that:

>“the next president has the opportunity to set a new course for relations between the two countries” through not only a direct dialogue, but “greater assimilation of Hezbollah into Lebanon’s political system.”

Why would Brennan want Hezbollah to have more political power?

In 2010, Reuters reported that at a conference in Washington, Brennan said:

>“Hezbollah is a very interesting organization,” Brennan told a Washington conference, citing its evolution from “purely a terrorist organization” to a militia to an organization that now has members within the parliament and the cabinet.

>“There is certainly the elements of Hezbollah that are truly a concern to us what they’re doing. And what we need to do is to find ways to diminish their influence within the organization and to try to build up the more moderate elements,” Brennan said.

Ali Fayad, A Lebanese arms dealer "who had been indicted in U.S. courts on charges of planning the murders of U.S. government employees, attempting to provide material support to a terrorist organization and attempting to acquire, transfer and use anti-aircraft missiles" was arrested in Prague in 2014. He was in custody for 2 years, but

>top Obama administration officials declined to apply serious pressure on the Czech government to extradite him to the United States, even as Putin was lobbying aggressively against it.

>He is now believed by U.S. officials to be back in business, and helping to arm militants in Syria and elsewhere with Russian heavy weapons.

Katherine Bauer, a Treasury official under Obama, [testified in February 2017](https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/4329058-Katherine-Bauer-testimony-to-the-House-Committee.html) that

>“under the Obama administration … these [Hezbollah-related] investigations were tamped down for fear of rocking the boat with Iran and jeopardizing the nuclear deal.”

Politico adds to this by reporting:

>As a result, some Hezbollah operatives were not pursued via arrests, indictments, or Treasury designations that would have blocked their access to U.S. financial markets, according to Bauer, a career Treasury official, who served briefly in its Office of Terrorist Financing as a senior policy adviser for Iran before leaving in late 2015. And other “Hezbollah facilitators” arrested in France, Colombia, Lithuania have not been extradited — or indicted — in the U.S., she wrote.

David Asher said that

>“The closer we got to the [Iran deal], the more these activities went away. So much of the capability, whether it was special operations, whether it was law enforcement, whether it was [Treasury] designations — even the capacity, the personnel assigned to this mission — it was assiduously drained, almost to the last drop, by the end of the Obama administration.”

After the Iran deal was put into place,

>within months, task force officials said, Project Cassandra was all but dead. Some of its most senior officials, including Jack Kelly, the veteran DEA supervisory agent who created and led the task force, were transferred to other assignments. And Asher himself left the task force long before that, after the Defense Department said his contract would not be renewed.

>As a result, the U.S. government lost insight into not only drug trafficking and other criminal activity worldwide, but also into Hezbollah’s illicit conspiracies with top officials in the Iranian, Syrian, Venezuelan and Russian governments — all the way up to presidents Nicolas Maduro, Assad and Putin, according to former task force members and other current and former U.S. officials.

Derek Maltz, who oversaw Project Cassandra as the head of the DEA’s Special Operations Division for nine years, said:

>“Certainly there are targets that people feel that could have been indicted and weren’t. There is certainly an argument to be made that if tomorrow all the agencies were ordered to come together and sit in a room and put all the evidence on the table against all these bad guys, that there could be a hell of a lot of indictments.”

>“There’s no doubt in my mind now that the focus was this Iran deal and our initiative was kind of like a fly in the soup,”

[Politico article](https://www.politico.com/interactives/2017/obama-hezbollah-drug-trafficking-investigation/)