I have a crush on someone, and I'm sick of it. (Somewhat long.)
Last year, I had been mostly uninterested in girls. Then, I seemed to develop a crush on a friend of mine. She was in my choir, and she was delightful to be around. Her smile is usually infectious, and it is tough for me to be upset around her. However, that same year, her mother had developed some kind of cancer. I felt really bad, and I decided to really support her. I tried hard to cheer her up, but she became depressed on some days, and I don't blame her. I was only able to really talk to her after choir most days, because she was usually surrounded by friends. I'm too shy to actually talk to her in front of people, because I get worried, what if they find out? Enter a guy, let's call him A. He and her seem made for each other, and soon after, they actually start dating. This made me really upset, because a few weeks earlier, she said she wasn't interested in going out with me. I sulked for about a day, but then, I thought I grew out of it. The Choir went for a trip to a Milwaukee Brewer game to sing the National Anthem, and that day, it was official that they were together. I didn't react at all, I grew out of it, right?

Enter this year. At our first choir concert, one of her friends told me that the girl I liked and A have stopped dating. I was like, "What?" and I was actually surprised that they stopped. Earlier, I have been saying her after every first hour on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, and every day after fifth hour. Hearing these news and seeing her every day rekindled my crush for her. I was barely able to see her, but when I did, I got really excited. I was happy when I saw her, and she usually stopped to say hi and exchange pleasantries.

This last semester, I found out she was in the same study hall with me, and also in the same gym class as me. However, in the same gym class is A. I started sitting closer to the girl I liked, she talked to me more and more. I noticed her being on a social networking site that I didn't have, so she told me to get signed up on there. On that same day, I got her phone number (although she thought I already had it.), and we carried on like that. In gym, I noticed that she and A were still spending a lot of time together, even though they weren't together. She missed a few days of school a few days, and when I asked her why, she told me she was feeling depressed. Of course, this makes me feels sad as well, so I told her that I would be there for her, if she needed someone to talk to. She told me, "Thanks. :)" and I started our normal humorous conversation that we usually have. She seemed to be doing better, and she was better the next day. However, aside from this instance, she usually doesn't respond to my texts. I ask her why sometimes, and she usually tells me that her phone died and she didn't feel like charging it. I know the feeling, so I decided to let that be. However, this happens again and again, and I don't honestly think that her phone always dies.

I usually ask my friends for advice about all this, and two of my friends told me that they asked A if he and the girl that I liked were still together, and A said no, they broke up mutually, and were to stay friends. I was excited about this.

A few days ago, I decided to ask her to hang out with me over spring break, which started today for me. She told me that she would ask her dad, and she told me that she probably wouldn't be able to, that she has a lot of plans already, and that her dad is probably planning a surprise for her. I was upset, but I carried on about it, and I kept on talking to her. Today, she told me that she's feeling depressed again, so right again, I was in a bad mood. She's really good at hiding her feelings. So, in gym today, I was talking with the girl I like, and then A decides to randomly come up and join the conversation. I got really anxious about this, and I decided to just walk away and talk to other friends. Throughout the whole hour, she just walked and talked to A while I walked alone listening to music. I've been trying to find a good thing about all this, but I was only able to come up with small things, like, "Oh, she gave me her oreos today, doesn't that mean something?" or, "On a trip last year, she told me she lives close enough to me that she could probably bike over to my house, that sounds like something." But other than the small things, I have nothing.

What do I do to salvage this situation? Would I be able to? Do I have any chance?