Sports are becoming too mandatory and time-consuming to the point that it's not fun anymore.
I like sports.  Some of the ones I've always wanted to do (football, archery, kickboxing, etc) have been closed because my parents wouldn't let me as a child because I am a girl.  But that aside, now that I'm at the high school level, I've been having problems and disappointments with the school sports.  So first, I can do track, volleyball, soft ball, soccer, crew, cheerleading, swimming, basketball, hockey, lacrosse, field hockey, and maybe one or two smaller ones I forgot.  But, people in these teams (except for some not at the middle school level like volleyball or track) have been doing this since 5th grade or less.  This first discourages me because I'm not the best athlete from the start, and I've had no experience in these (and for some like lacrosse, I've tried but hated when I was younger).  

So the problem of picking aside, if I do choose (lets say volleyball) it's so time-consuming I just don't think it's worth it some times.  Practice (minimally for a sport) is everyday after school for 2 hours during the season.  That, I can barely accept, because I'm in academically hard classes and other academic teams/clubs.  If you look at my swimming schedule, it's everyday after school and on weekends for 3 hours, and on Mon, Wed, Fri, Sat mornings at 5 for an hour.  That is crazy, especially when its year round.  Crew, same thing but also you're required to go to races frequently (one was in Florida during one of our spring breaks).  I just find this cruel.  I know, it's a high school level and they're trying to find the "college" worthy ones, but for the rest of the people who want to have fun, enjoy a sport they like, or get a good exercise (but not too much) are being put down and discouraged.

Sorry for this being more rant-like than a question.  I just don't know what to do.  I used to hate working out outside of sports, but recently I've almost gone a 180 on the idea.  

Since I was overwhelmed and didn't do any sports last year (except for track but then I was pole vaulting, kind of good at it, but I fell and sprained my ankle, my coach blatantly looked at my ankle and me, and made me do it again despite the fact I could barely step on it...I actually fainted and he didn't help, so that's why I dropped out of track for the lack of help and the fact they refused to acknowledge it.) I decided to try volleyball, basketball, and maybe softball for the seasonal sports.  

I don't know what I'm really trying to get at.  I just am frustrated with the school's sport system.  My school is athletic-oriented, and most people do a sport.  I want to do one, and it looks good for college, but it's just so consuming, not worth it if you aren't the best, and discouraging me.  

Thanks for listening.