I would like to dedicate this to the memory of all the people /r/SuicideWatch and /r/Depression have lost over the years.
Many nights, as I am laying in bed, I think about you lot and all those we have lost. I think about the posts I have read on here, of those I have replied to and those who came here to say goodbye. I remember and I wonder, did she walk off into the woods that night to overdose in peace, did he hang himself in his basement, did he jump from the top of those offices and did she walk away into the cold to never be seen again? Did these people go through with it or where they persuaded otherwise, did they succeed and did they find the peace and release they wanted?

For the most part, we rarely learn your names, we are usually only left to remember your reddit username and even then, this is one of the only things we know about you. I will be honest, I do not actually remember your usernames for I see so many everyday but I do remember you guys. I think about you often and I just hope that you did find the peace you went to seek. I hope that you found what you were looking for, or something better. If you are still with us, I hope you found that epiphany instead, the one so many of us are fortunate enough to have, and I hope you learned what you have to live for.

But for those of you who came here to say goodbye, I do respect you all so much. In reading your words, I am pleased to know that you had thought it through and though you were wanting to end the pain, you did it for the happiness that peace would bring - you knew what you were doing and truly wanted it and were not just doing it out of desperation on the instance of of a thought.

I just want you guys to know that, though we may not know, or remember, your names, we do think of you often. You are remembered by those that did not know you and truly missed by those who did. You were remembered and all of you always will be. Good luck to everyone reading this and to the memories of those who no longer can. See you in another life, brother.

This is for those who helped to save others. This is for those who could not be saved. This is for those who may need saving. This is for those who are reading this. This is for those who are not. This is for those who no longer can. This is for you. See you in another life, brother.