I got cheated on by my now ex-boyfriend of six years and I feel worthless
First time poster here. On mobile.

I've known this guy since we were in middle school, we started talking during high school, and after a failed attempt at my life I dropped out of college moved back home and we ended up dating.

This guy had been my rock for all those years. He experienced with me the pain of having my dad get a stroke, my only uncle on my dad's side pass away, being diagnosed with ovarian cancer, having my dad's mom pass away, my dad have a second stroke, and finding out my mom had breast cancer and going through chemo.
Things weren't always perfect.

I nagged a lot on things he did because he tend to me reckless and not have a plan. Overall I just wanted things to be better for him. To be prepared and essentially have a backup plan.
This year he started going through a rough phase at work, being in a call center and having upset customers he would take it to heart when they would tell him to kill himself. For a very long time I told him to find someone to talk to, to go look for a counselor. He never did and I saw him get worse and worse.

I tried being the best support I could for him. It was only fair and obviously I did it because I loved him.
On the November 7th he finally spoke to a counselor. I asked how it went and he said it went well.
Then on November 9th he asked to speak to me once I arrived home from being out of town. He arrived at my house after work. He begins explaining to me that when he was talking to his counselor he was asked what made him happy and responded with photography. He mentioned that he never thought of us. Which is fair because it had been rocky.
He said he didn't love me anymore.
He finished what he said and waited for me to reply. I was in shock. I didn't realize just how bad it was. It was like a curve ball was thrown at me. I didn't know because he never opened up to me even when I asked.
He then proceeded to ask if I wanted to join him on trip which just took place this Monday through Wednesday. 
In that moment I got angry. How could you tell me to go on this trip when you just told me you didn't love me? It wasn't logical.
We argued and towards the end he said he was done. I asked him to clarify and he needed some space from me.
Fine.

I let him be until he contact me on Sunday the 10th wanting to meet up the following day.
We didn't end up meeting up on Monday and did a follow up instead on Tuesday.
We talked. I was worried for him. I told him that people were concerned for his safety and he just laughed it off with the laugh of a maniac. He said that why did people care. He was so distant.

Before I left I asked again where we stood. And he told me to give some time. I asked for how long and he told me he would let me know.
Fast forward to this Monday. He told me to have any false hope of getting together.
We went on our trip and I noticed he was texting a lot while trying to angle himself to hide his phone. It was something I noticed right away. We moved on through the day. We got to our destination.  While laying down on my bed he came laid down next to me. It was odd because he didn't want to be close to me previously. We went about our day. Came back to our Airbnb and as I was laying down again he came into my room again and fell asleep next to me.
After our naps we went out to explore the town. Had a couple drinks went back to our Airbnb and ended up sleeping together.

The day of the concert having woken up from a hangover we just stayed in had some breakfast and watched the hearing. We eventually got ready for the event we were in town for.
We ended up getting to the venue early enough where the line was already forming. We decided to stay and just wait it out.

During this time I noticed he was texting someone a lot. I read the name and realized it wasn't someone I was familiar with. I clicked on me what might be happening, with being on the verge of a panic attack I asked him if he was talking to someone else and he could just as nswr honestly. He told me no, that it was just a girl that was a friend. I wasn't buying it. We went through the concert. Went to the local bars had two drinks and headed back to the Airbnb.
I didn't want to be the fool so I did what needed to be done where I could get answers. I looked through his phone. Sure enough, he was talking to someone else. I didn't know how to handle the situation but I knew I needed to make aware the other party of my presence. I told them who I was, how long I've known him, and the status we were in. I then added them on Snapchat and sent them pictures of us through the years to proof that I wasn't lying and that I wasn't just anyone.

As soon as he woke up he saw his phone and knee something was up because she sent him a message. That if he had a girlfriend that he should have told her that way she would have kept it more friendly.
I ended up messaging her for quite a while and basically becoming more aware of the situation as he had lied to her as well that he hadn't been dating me since August.

He wouldn't speak to me and he wouldn't care to admit that he was a liar and cheater.
He decided he would be taking an Uber to the bus station because he couldn't stand being with me. It didn't work out as plan and he ended up leaving back home with me.
Once we got closer I confronted him. I couldn't keep in what I was thinking and wanted to let him know what I felt. It sucked.
He said he hadn't loved me for a while.
That when he said he wanted to get married that it was just a lie.
Through all this I couldn't get him to see that he had lied and cheated.
We argued the rest of the way home.
At the exit to his apartment I made a comment of how if he cared for the person he was talking to he wouldn't have been a liar. That triggered him. He went into a screaming rage in my face while I was driving on the highway. It was verbal abuse. I feared for my safety in that moment and so I pushed him back. That made him even more enraged and put our lives in danger by grabbing a hold of my steering wheel and attempting to swerve us off the road.
I ended up dropping him off at his apartment a few minutes after that and asked for my things back.

Since I still had the girl on Snapchat I watched as how he had already rebounded not even after dropping him off.

And so now I'm just here. Feeling worthless.
I cared for him
I loved him.
But I didn't even recognize him anymore and all I ever wanted to do was help him feel better.
He didn't even have a regard for me anymore. He didn't even have the guts to tell me straight forward that he was breaking up with me and masked it with the excuse of needing space. And so I've been writing this since 5:23 AM and now it's 6:29 AM. I don't know how to feel. But I feel worthless.


dit: during our argument he brought up that I had ruined our trip to Seattle which happened the last of August of this year. I ended up taking 40mg of sativa which he said I would be fine. I then proceeded to trip out because of a bad joke. He started mocking me that obviously I had to fee bad. And I did start feeling bad because I couldn't control my mind and I was going suicidal. I told him that. But he still said you ruined my time that I could have been spending time with my friends.