New job, feel like I’m scarred from my last job and not sure how to act in a corporate office.
My last job and first job out of college was a very toxic and micro managed environment. Which I had no idea since I was naive to the workforce and didn’t realise until about a year in. I spent 1.5 years there before I left. 

Now I’m in this new job, but feel like I have a really unhealthy mindset about how corporate jobs are. My last job we were basically glued to our office and had to make mgmt aware if we needed to leave for work related reasons. My old job required a lot of offsite meetings, lunches, getting out to stores, etc that it was very common to be in and out of the office for the day. Yet, every time we needed to leave even if just 15 minutes we needed to let our manager know. We couldn’t just put it on our calendar, which our managers had full access to and could see, we had to get verbal/written confirmation that we were leaving. We also had to let our manager know whenever we were changing our hours and had to stick to that schedule until we said we were changing again. It couldn’t be a work 7-4 one day and 8-5 the next. Often leadership would walk around the halls and check in and see who wasn’t in their office. If you weren’t there, they would ask your manager were you were. Working through lunch and staying late were also common and expected. 

I’m in this new role at a new large company with about 400 employees, my last one had 47. I can’t help but fear people are watching my every move. I feel like I need to get permission from my manager to have a flex day and often staying over my 8 hours to make sure they know I’m doing my hours. I’m scared to be on my phone and scared to leave my cubicle (my manager sits diagonal from me) because im worried they are wondering what I’m doing and if I’m gone for an extended time (like ten minutes) that I need to add those to my total hours worked and stay later. It doesn’t seem like that’s the culture here, but it’s only been 3 weeks and I’m still doing it to be safe. No one has asked me to do any of this at my new job, I simply feel like I need to since that’s how my last job was. I really don’t know how to act in my new role. 

Is what I experienced previously pretty standard for professional jobs or was I in a bad environment? I really can’t tell if I experienced something out of the norm. How are things normally in a “corporate office?”