Is relocation a valid reason to reject an offer even if you’re unemployed?
So I finished my master’s degree last year. I’ve been living with my parents and job searching since around October. I’ve applied for about 200 jobs, done about 20 phone screens, probably 8-9 full interviews, and just received my second offer. I rejected my first offer at the beginning of February because the salary was so low I wouldn’t be able to support myself, had no benefits, and would expect 60-70 hours of work for me weekly with no paid overtime. 

This next offer is a little better. The personnel were incredibly friendly and warm (it was nice to be treated like a human) and even negotiated me a slightly higher salary without me even asking. However, that salary is still only $35K a year and the benefits are very mediocre. Furthermore, the position is far more niche than I was initially expecting, and wouldn’t give me any of the transferrable skills I’m actually looking for for the career I’m trying to pursue (it’s pure developmental writing for social work education curriculum, where I’m actually looking for a job in copy editing or copywriting in a business setting. My entire background is already in academic writing and I don’t want to pursue a career in it). The small city it’s in also doesn’t really have much of a market for what I’m looking for career-wise, and it’s not a desirable place to live or one I’d want to stay in. 

The city this job is in is several states away, and the job offers no relocation assistance. 

Is there any kind of justification for not taking this? I’m not starving or homeless, though I do have a somewhat strained relationship with my family. I feel as someone unemployed I should take this offer with no hesitation, but I can’t help but hesitate, as it seems like a dead-end job in a field I don’t want to be in, in a location I don’t want to be in that’s hours and hours away from where I live currently. The only thing currently tempting me about it is that it IS a job and the staff seemed nice. 

Anyone have any thoughts? Am I being a dumbass and should I just take it, despite the downfalls?