One week of not buying anything at all! 7 things I chose not to buy this week.
I made it successfully for one entire week of not buying anything.

It was enlightening. Heres the top 7 things I did NOT buy

1. Number one thing i wanted to buy, but did not need, was.... ALCOHOL AT BARS. Approximate total that I would have spent was $36. I did make myself many mystery cocktails this week using what was in my bar at home.

2: SNACKS. I used a few recipe sites to find out what I could make at home usong whats already in the cupboards. Turns out, it was A LOT.

3: ice cream. I have a thrifted ice cream maker. I had eggs. I had sugar, milk, and just a smidge less cream than the recipe called for, but this is easily the best ice cream Ive ever made anyway.

4: Uber rides. I walked. I realized most of my rides were under 2 miles. So i walked. I lost 2 lbs this week and saved about $30.

5: cat toys. I spent an hour  hot gluing the feather toys back together and my cats did not notice they were not new.

6: laundry: i have a portable washer. I hung my clothes to dry. Laundry was free mc free all week.

7: books and movies: HELLO LIBRARY!!

ZERO ZERO ZERO DOLLARS.

These are just the 7 things I repeatedly wanted to buy this week... but chose not to buy.

A list of the nonrecurring items of thing I WANTED to buy is fucking stupid, but heres a sample:

UV light for cat pee (just used my nose for free), a laser automatic cat toy (i got a laser on my keychain, and i am not that lazy), a swimsuit (still gonna buy this, but I will shop arpund for prices), a proper bread machine (i have one from a thrift store, but it only does 1 setting. I will check other thrift stores for a multi setting bread maker).

I feel personally so gratified to see a gap in my online bank statement between july 18 and july 24th  with zero debits.

Try going 3 days without buying ANYTHING. Nothing. It just kind of forces you to re evaluate your stuff.

Edit: i need better glasses, edited. Edit2: need to learn to format better but its fixed now.