Dear Beautiful Seniors, please hold on to your hearts ♥️
I know for many of you this is it. This is THE day you've been waiting for. You might’ve even been waiting for this day -- not since Dec 31 or last fall sometime when you hit submit on your apps, but for years. And as I think most of you recognize, some (most) of you are going to be extremely disappointed today, and others will be over the moon excited. So, I want to tell you how proud I am of each and every one of you. In the last year or so that I've been nagging at you to remember to breathe, keep life in perspective, and open your minds about essays, college lists, and your ECs, I've seen such growth. I've seen you mature from kids who seemingly only care about prestige, where you get in, and writing obnoxious braggy essays, to young adults who are giving each other truly awesome advice and pieces of wisdom. It has been an amazing process to watch. Your support for each other is real. You all are incredible kids. Please remember that today. And tomorrow. And next week. And next year. 

So, do me a favor. Let’s take the focus off your college decisions for just a few minutes. I want each one of you to write to me right now, and for the next few days,  or the next week or hell, forever, and tell me three things in your life you’re  grateful for.  You can respond here or pm me if you'd rather. You come from around the world with so many different circumstances, and I know many of you have struggled with parts of your lives. I've heard your stories, read your essays, and even cried for some of you, but today I want to focus on the good stuff. So tell me three things you are thankful for. Big or small. 

(Please feel free to respond even if you're not a senior.  We often have younger kids and college kids and older join us!)

I'll go first. Two years ago, I wrote about being grateful for this subreddit, my crazy amazing kids and my wonderful mom who supported me in life and decisions even when she disagreed. Last year, I wrote about my love of travel, and how thankful I was for books and movies. 
 
Today I’m grateful for:

1. The hard times. When my mom
died right around the same time of empty nesting, I lost my sense of identity. I’d been a daughter my whole life and most recently her caretaker as she was very ill for her last three years. And I’d been a mom for 25 years and suddenly, that seemed over.  I wasn’t sure what to do with myself because my roles that I so strongly identified with were gone. I had to really dig in and find myself and what I wanted. It was hard. But I’d never change those hard, sad days (and there were many). It was almost as if I was emerging from a chrysalis. 

2. Yoga.  In the last two years, I have discovered the benefits of the connection of my body and my mind. I’d always been more of a life of the mind person, but now I really know the connection and how much I have to pay attention.  In fact, I am training and studying to be a yoga teacher now. 

3. The now. Right now. This moment. I’ve learned to appreciate and try to be aware of the moment I’m in. I’d always been a planner. Thinking of the future and in doing so missed out on so much of my life, so now I work very hard to be present. And I’m so thankful for the moments when I can look up and see how green the trees are or how soft my dog’s fur is or how amazing your writing is. 

Now it's your turn. I can't wait to hear from you.  

As you’re thinking about what you’re  grateful for today, remember it can be big or small. An added benefit is that research shows that people who take the time to note their gratitude daily are in general Happier and more content.  Regardless, remember that no matter the outcome today— whether in your favor or not, you’re more than your college acceptances. They don’t define you.  You are a badass with or without any specific school or schools.  

Prepare yourself with some emotional planning during the day.  While it’s ok to hold on to hope for the best, be prepared for the worst. Hold on to your heart. 

Now. Let me know what you’re thankful for in your life!  And breathe. 💙😊