I don’t know if I should change schools or not
I’m having trouble making a decision on whether or not I should stay or leave my current school. Im in year 10 this year, living in Australia and i’m currently going to an all boys school. I have good friends there and I enjoy it well enough but i’m worried that it might not be the best for me for my final two years of school for these reasons
1 - Subjects
I’ve been told by some older friends that the subject selection isn’t great and that if you pick one subject you can’t pick the other which screws everything up and also the teachers and curriculum is average at best unless you get lucky with a great teacher and at the school i want to go to it looks like the subjects are a lot better.
2 - Religious School
The school I am currently at is catholic and I am not completely apposed to going to one it takes up a lot of time when we have mass and Religious Education is a compulsory subject through all years and it is a really dull subject with really bad and boring teachers. Also annoying little touch, where I live gets really cold during winter and all we are allowed to where are these crappy thin pants with no ability to keep anything warm and the uniform is overall bad.
3 - Social Skills
This is a big problem for me right now but I’m really bad socially. I have friends  and I know how to talk and make friends but i haven’t been to a co-ed school for over 6 years and I never really talked to girls then anyway. I feel like if I stay at this school I am going to not know how to talk to girls properly and not have good social skills in general. I don’t have any social media besides reddit and don’t like to use it anyway and I don’t know any ways I can meet girls otherwise.

My parents don’t care what school I go to they just want me to be happy and aren’t really religious. I really like the look of this knew school and if I can manage to get in I think I might go bit any advice would be much appreciated. My parents left it completely up to me