Know when to fight and when to move on.
This is a reminder to anyone who might be dating right now, including me (like a note to self). 

Before you start getting serious with anyone or even when you’re already in a relationship with someone, make a list of your negotiables and non-negotiables.

Negotiables - Things you would prefer to have in a partner but you can do without. Traits that you can compromise on without feeling too bad about it. Example: tall, older/younger, master’s degree (this is all up to you, these are just samples)

Non-Negotiables- The important bit. Traits in your partner that if they didn’t have it, would drive you absolutely crazy. Lack of any of these traits will endanger your relationship. There is no way you can compromise on these aspects of the relationship. Example: loves dogs, loves children, vegan (again, these are just samples and will totally depend on your taste)

Do you have the lists done? Good. Now review that list. Make sure you have everything right. Make sure that what you listed are things you are absolutely sure of.

Are you sure now? Good. Now date.

Every time something pops up that unsettles you, go back to your list. Is it negotiable? Non-negotiable?

If it’s negotiable, learn to give in. If it’s something you can put up with or something you can do without, try to compromise. Don’t end a relationship over something you don’t mind letting go. 

Don’t argue for the sake of arguing and don’t let your pride take over. You could be giving up something good for something so small.

If it’s non-negotiable, stand your ground. Remember, this was non-negotiable for a reason. You said you needed this because you couldn’t bear to be in a relationship without it. Sometimes, when we fall in love, we keep giving even at the expense of our own well-being and peace of mind. Don’t do it. Learn to say no when it’s on things that mean much to you. 

I’ve seen so many people give everything to someone who couldn’t care less. I have seen people do things they normally wouldn’t do all in the name of “love.” I wasted three years on a guy who promised me the world but couldn’t follow through with even our dates. Don’t be like us. Know your worth and know that you can always walk away. 

TL;DR Know when to fight and when to give up. Know when to give in and when to assert what you want.