My dad is trying his best to screw me over
tl;dr- Sued dad for charges on credit card he opened in my name. He claims I lack consideration and have a misplaced sense of entitlement. 

Long story short, my parents opened credit cards and lines of credit in my name when I was 17. Essentially, my identity was stolen by them. Since December of 2011, I've been evicted from a rented house I was never on the lease for (and now have a $4600 judgement for nonpayment of rent), had $1750 stolen from my paypal account from a very valuable item of mine that I sold, and $8000 worth of debt from a chase credit card I never opened, a billmelater account I never used, and the wells fargo credit card I opened just to establish credit when I was 16. 

I had a combined total of $8000 credit card debt, $4600 judgement against me, and a missing $1750. I graduated college in December of 2011, and had no job. I moved back to our home of 13 years only to find out 2 weeks later that the home was forclosed and we had to move in early January. My parents rent a house up the street and used a Chase credit card in my name that I hadn't known about. They had used it to buy Christmas presents despite my dad earning over $200,000/year. They took out $3000 in cash advances to pay for the houses security deposit, maxing out my $3000 credit card to $4800 dollars -- something I didn't even know was possible. I was unaware of this at the time, not finding out about this credit card until May of 2012. 

May 2012 my parents start getting a divorce. My dad refuses to pay my mom spousal support until court ordered, resulting in evicting procedings. Both parents hid from me that, despite me never having signed the lease, I was also listed on the eviction. They both file answers, hide my court summons from me, and let me take the fall since I didn't show up for a court date I never knew about. 

I never knew about my eviction until December of 2012 when I tried to get my own apartment so I didn't have to live with my mother anymore. In July, I file small claims cases against my parents to repay me this debt. My mom and I come to a settlement and she's been making payments to me every month and still owes me $3000/$5500. My dad fought me tooth and nail, claiming my mom was to blame for everything. He has tried having me sign shady legal documents while trying to settle the case which would have me forefeit all the money, and an additional $46,000 he stole from me in 1997 that he never told me about. The judge granted me a full judgement as of July 31st (our court date). I discovered my dad has filed a supplimental opposition to my small claims lawsuit stating that "Alexinedh is 23 years old, lacks consideration, and has a misplaced sense of entitlement. His mother and I paid for all of his expenses until he was almost 22 years old, and I helped him get a job with [Dad's employer here, not mine] where I have worked for many years." 

This statement specifically infuriates me. I just want to be repaid for stuff I was never spected to pay for, such as his sewage/water bills, vacations he and my mother took without me, and a $1200 storm door they bought for a rental property THEY were renting. I don't even work for the company he works for and never have. I currently have a job that required 4 YEARS of applying for, which has a requirement of a very specific college degree just to apply for, at a company he has NEVER worked for. 

Most likely I would win an appeal process, it just bugs me so much that someone says this is my fault.