I feel my life is worthless, I'm ready to end it all, please help me. I've posted for help, and I don't know where to turn to now. I feel more depressed now than ever before in my life.
I've posted about my current situation in other subreddits asking for advice, people don't believe me. I don't know what to do. My posts get removed, I do not know why.

Here is my situation, I posted about this on tifu and other subreddits.

Throwaway account. This did not actually happen today, this has been a huge progressive fuck up that's been building up steam for months now. Please Reddit I need your help, and advice. Please!

I've been married for 25 years, currently have 4 kids, and let me tell you when you've been married for this long, lot's of things can get into your head, shit rattles around there, echoes, ferments in a way that other's sometimes just can't comprehend. At times I feel blessed to have been married for so long, but at times living in here Tallahassee, in bum fuck Florida, in a shitty rental just gets to yea, you know? Sometimes the stresses of parenthood can be at times almost suffocating, I hope at least some of you out here, anyone really can just understand where I'm coming from. Working as an insurance broker living paycheck to paycheck wasn't my dream job, yet its the one I have to make due with, but I guess all this shit really started just after my 4th son was born, at home my relationship with my wife begun souring. Bills were piling up, and even after long hard days in the office my wife would yell, and cuss at me for wanting to smoke a pack of marlboro's, and drink some budweiser in peace in my living room, in the house I pay for like I always would but for some stupid ass reason she flipped on me. She began blue balling me since then, she stopped wanting to have fun in bed, time, and time again I would go to her, try to get it on like I had done before, and I just got no love from her, she acted like a cold hearted pasty white bitch, and not just when I was looking to get it on with her. But this pattern, this taboo purgatory I now found myself in, it was nothing temporary it became a new acceptance, a new reality, a new sign of defeat for me. Not only did I now have to put up with a shitty job, in a small home, where I couldn't even relax in peace like I used to, but now my wife was cutting me off from the little bit of pleasure I found being with her. I had dedicated nothing but my whole life, finances, everything I had to our family, and now this is the thanks I got. She would tell me to go, and play, and spend time with the kids like I hadn't, when she knew damn well I was exhausted after work at night times. So I decided from then on I had to do something about this set of unfortunate circumstances I now faced.

Inspired to go have some fun, and have finally a release I well deserved; after work I began instead of going straight back to my prison of a home, I instead decided to go out to bars, nightclubs, telling my wife when she texted about where I was, that I was just burning the midnight oil, working hard filing paperwork, just making up job crap she wouldn't even look into anyways. At those clubs I had the time of my life. It became like an addiction to me. For weeks upon weeks I'd go to different nightclubs, and bar hop night after night after work, I didn't just savior my time there I indulged in it, there I'd hook up with women looking for more than just fun. For some reason during this time I was able to hook up with a few local black chicks that'd be hitting the club scene, never in my life did I ever think I as a blond ass kid from Pensacola would I be hooking up like this, most of the times after drinking, and chatting with them, we'd hang out in my car, and have some fun in a parking lot we'd drive to, and spend a few hours at, during this time I'd never use protection, maybe it was the combination of being drunk, or dazed but at that time I just didn't care. During this time I met this hot black chick with an afro, we'll call her "Mandy", and after dancing with her at a nightclub late one night we really hit it off, but after my typical one night stand, this girl was different. We grew to have a connection, as days went by we started getting flirty over texts, and soon I grew to have a secret relationship with her, while my wife knew nothing about it. I even took several "business trips" to her place during this time. Every time I went it was well worth it. At first she was very sweet to me, and considerate, we even smoked pot together, which for me was a first. Finally for once in my life I thought I had found the perfect work life, sex balance. I'd wake up, say bye to the kids, go to work, afterwards let loose at the clubs till 3am, come back while the wife is asleep, and so on. And finally with Mandy in the mix, I had someone to actually connect to when I wanted. Unlike my wife she was in her early 20s, my wife late 40s, I've seen garbage fires that look better than her. Mandy always gave excellent blowjobs, its like she had lips of an angel, unlike my wife who never gave me oral. But that's when everything went to shit. Mandy came to me two weeks ago, and stated she's pregnant. She took a test, and showed me the results. I don't know what to do, I can't let my wife, or kids find out. Mandy is threatening to tell my wife, about her, and the baby. She has been calling he angrily about this, she blames me for her pregnancy, but she wants to keep that baby. She tells me she doesn't want to be "just the other woman." She doesn't want to be "a dirty little secret." I don't know what to do. I got so angry at that fucking bitch, we got into a heated argument. I haven't been going to work for the past few days now, I've been making sure Mandy doesn't come to my house, if she does, I'm thinking of calling the cops on that thug. I can't let my wife, or my kids know the truth. I need your help, please, what should I do? I need help, and advice. I want to save the marriage, I can't let my kids go through a divorce, my wife still does not know anything. I hate this whole fucking situation. I hate my life, why the hell would this happen to me?? How can I convince Mandy not to tell my wife? I don't know what to do, should I get a restraining order on her? Please help me anyone, I don't know who to go to for help.

TL:DR had several affairs with women I met at nightclubs, hit it off really well with one, now she's pregnant, and wants to tell my wife!

Please help me, I don't want to live anymore, I'm thinking of running off, maybe buying a shotgun. Where can I turn to? Help please anyone. My life is worthless. I feel numb inside.