Read this if you're feeling down.
Hi!

As a sufferer of depression, I know how tricky it can be. Sometimes it comes in waves, sometimes it's just hanging above your head everywhere you go, like a black cloud. Some days you wake up feeling kinda hopeful just to barely make it home alive in the afternoon, begging for every car to hit you, begging for your train to derail so you can get the fuck out of it all. Some days I'm like that.
But now I have a moment of clarity and I wanna share it with you.

You are worthy of life. Your life is not a waste. You always have something to be grateful for. A roof above your head, a handful of people that care about you, a lovely pet, some good books, good music, great movies... Maybe your hair is awesome all the time. Believe me, you're amazing in a few ways. Turning our lives from a curse into a gift is always within our reach. Just use your calm and clean moments to create reminders of this mindset. Post-it notes, reminders on your phone, a tattoo, whatever it takes. You can do it. If you need help, reach out for it. It's not weakness. It's actually quite the opposite. You're strong as hell for admitting that you have a problem, that you wanna change it and that you need some help with that. Believe me, it'll be better.

Don't give in to false ideals, like happiness and over-romanticized love. Happiness is not a constant state. True happiness is being content with who you are. Stop looking for 'the One'. There's no such thing. There are only potentially good partners you can form something beautiful and worthwhile with, if you're both willing to work on it and be emotionally aware. Stop trying so hard to be perfect. You won't be. None of us is. But we're all unique and we can always strive to be better. Do it for you. Let the fuel be self-love. The world is full of wonder. 

You've pushed through another day and for some people that's extremely hard. The people around you might not understand what you're going through. But I do and I'm proud of you!

Stay strong! :)