Tips from a Stanford Interviewer. Answer these and you'll be prepared for any college interview.
This is what I tell my kids that I  interview each year. And I'm very forthcoming with them from the initial  phone call/text/communication of the "questions" that I ask. They're  not really questions but they are objectives.

Tell me about your background and what you're interested in studying.

(I  personally don't care about why Stanford because you wrote about that  on your app presumably. Most interviewers will care so you need to have a  very solid, specific answer to that which goes beyond the academics but  gets into fit more than anything else.)

Tell  me what's not on your application that you want to share with the  admissions staff. This is your last shot to communicate with them so  make it count. Tell me about additional context or more detail on your  accomplishments or weaknesses. Family circumstances, health issues,  mental health crises, anything. I want it all and the kitchen sink because this is  the gold that helps make you more human to the admissions committee.  This is where we spend most of the time. In my interviews it is 50% of  the interview. We both brainstorm what else we want to add to strengthen  your app.

What are your questions  about Stanford? I tell them that I only answer questions that aren't  googlable so don't be offended if I shoot your question down just move  on to another one. Hint: asking me questions that involve my opinion or  make me think a little bit are useful.

So  I tell my kids everything I've written above to you. Total  transparency. I don't want to know your stats but I do ask where else  you apply because I give them feedback on the culture of those schools  and whether they think it's a fit for them.

I'm  not the norm but I am one of the university's most experienced  interviewers and I have developed my own method that works well for me  and adds something to the application. I hope that others in the future  will follow suit with the transparency aspect.

If  you can answer these confidently you'll be prepared for any college interview.

I  go into it with the attitude of being your advocate rather than another  person to judge you. I want to share my experience and help you as much  as I possibly can and I often stay in touch with my kids forever  regardless of the outcome. 

Please comment with any questions or PM me.