Hiring managers, I am extremely confused about who to hire in this situation, what would you do?
I need to hire someone ASAP for my team at this pretty big company but I won’t state the name. I’m looking for someone who’s fairly experienced at IT and content. 

When I received the CVs, one girl really stood out to me. It was very genuine, no management bullshit and was honest. But she doesn’t have the experience I was looking for. I gave her the opportunity to do a task related to the work and she did very very well especially considering she has very little experience in this field. 

I invited her for an interview and she was such an open person. Her personality was refreshing and she showed so much enthusiasm. She kept repeating how much of ah interest she has in this field and how eager she is to learn etc, she mentioned she’s easy to mould. I was really impressed with her attitude. 

However this role is meant for someone with more experience. You need to be technical and she doesn’t have the experience. No doubt she’d definitely put in the effort it takes to learn but, yeah. That’s my pickle. 

I’ve got a bunch of other candidates who didn’t stand out as much in the interviews but definitely have the experience i need and a lot of them are internal already meaning I feel like I owe them more, and then I have this one girl I can’t stop thinking about because of how just enthusiastic and refreshing she was. I genuinely think she’d fit in the team so well but again she lacks experience and knowledge so she’d need training. 

I need to do what’s best for the team here. Please give me any advice you can. I don’t know if to chose A) a young woman who’s eager to learn, easy to mould and apparently very good at learning new systems and working on a pc or B) someone who can come in with all the experience and knowledge I’m looking for and who’s actually already in the company so they’re internal. 

What is the best decision? This is one of the hardest decisions to make atm.