[Hired for first job] Am I messing up my communication?
Hey /r/jobs, I just got recruited for my first opportunity (yay), and the process has been a bit too slow. They first called on November 14th for a first screening, then scheduled for a skype interview on december 5th, then gave me an offer on december 11th.  The offer however was just an email congratulating me for passing the last interview and asking me for the date I'd like to start (maximum was january 6th) so they could put it in the contract, I emailed on the same day of the congratulatory email stating I can make it for the 30th of December. One week later and no contract was sent, and the tickets were getting increasingly expensive due to holiday season.

Although it's been sort of in the back of my head that this could be a scam (it was all very easy, but they also needed someone with my background desperately), they all had @company name, had full linkedin profiles with profile picture and everything, the skype interview matched their linkedin faces, and the company has its own website, linkedin profile, linkedin submissions and articles, so I'm sure it's all legitimate. However I still got uneasy given how sudden I needed to move out to work and how easy the interview process was so I have emailed them earlier today, and they confirmed they'd need me there on January 6th, and supposedly they were meant to have attached the offer letter in the email for me to sign and didn't do that, so I sent them another email asking for it in case they had forgotten.

I'm sorry if it seems a bit confusing, but this process has been all over the place. Rushed and at the same time slow and I don't know if I should just be waiting for them or if it's OK to email them for these inquiries.

I have been taught that you should keep communications with employees and employers to a minimum and only do it if it advances the professional interests of both parties so I am sort of at lost here if I am handling it correctly or not.

Thank you for any advice you could give!