My boss is making it mandatory that he follow all employees on all social media platforms because of a "new SEC compliance rule". Is this allowed?
So pretty much my post title. Sorry for formatting - currently on mobile 


I work for a financial advisory company and today my boss came around and said its now mandatory that he follow everyone on social media to "make sure we arent promoting *company name* on our personal accounts". 
To me, this seems like a pretty large breach in my personal life privacy? To the point I'm thinking of deleting my social media platforms. Not necessarily for the sake of me posting inappropriate things, but moreso because I dont want my boss knowing about my personal life in any regard? I keep my personal and work life as separate as possible? 

Is this actually a new rule? Is this allowed in general in any work place? I've searched for SEC compliance rules specifically about social media and everything that comes up is just about the businesses social media platforms.. not the individual employees?

Also, if there is a better sub to post this on, can you please direct me there? I'm not sure the best place to ask this.

Thank you in advance!!!

Update: first I want to thank everyone that has weighed in here. Mostly everyone has been really helpful and helped me figure out this place is probably not for me. Hes always been a little bit on the inappropriate side and this just pushed me over the edge I think... I'm going to keep my eyes open to new positions in the area.

 I decided if he persists on this issue I'll deactivate my Facebook and tell him I deleted my snapchat. I think it's easier to hide a snapchat than a Facebook because you need the actual snap username and mine isnt recognizable as being me. Also I'd deactivate my facebook rather than change my name or block him because I have a really really uniquely spelled name and theres like 2 profiles that come up when you search for me (my own and one I had in mide school lol) 

I've not accepted any of his requests and have not added him on anything, it's almost the end of the work day and he hasn't come to me about it or sent any emails through the office asking. I'll give it a few days and if he asks for my snapchat I'll let him know it's been deleted. Aside from snapchat I only have Facebook and LinkedIn. When I first started at the office he tried to friend request me on Facebook and I declined it so now he cant add me and I cant add him. 
A random coworker sent me a friend request minutes after my boss came into my office and asked for my social media information. Idk if that's relevant but I figured I'd make it part of the update. 
I'll let you guys know if anything changes!