Why can't my friends and family see that I'm not fine?
So this is hard for me, I really don't know where to start. I've never felt fine, in my 31 years I can't remember actually feeling happy. Sure I smile and pretend I'm ok to everyone I know. I get myself to work each day too, but only because it's a routine. 

Pretty much twelve months ago something happened that triggered me to be bad enough that I couldn't sleep and I was having panic attacks about nothing.  So I finally saw a doctor and she diagnosed me with anxiety, depression and stress... And referred me to see a psychologist but I've had bad experiences with councilors when I was really bad at uni. So I got anxious about it and never went. I didn't want to be judged for what happened either.

I've tried to reach out to my partner, but she has anxiety too. If I lean on her too much she drops her bundle. She tells me she's happy and relentlessly reminds me that she wants to get married and have kids because we're getting older. I've told her that I'm not having kids until I feel better, then I smile once and some how in her mind that makes me better. Otherwise we work really well together, except I never really feel like I feel in love with her. 7 years on I'm still waiting for that spark.

My family is fine, nothing bad ever really happened and we all talk, but it feels like they wouldn't notice if I wasn't around. They are so self obsessed, they call me to whine about the mundane things in there lives but never really ask how I am or if they do don't listen to what I have to say.

I hate my job, sure most people do, but I find it so sole destroying. Feeling so shitty, I find it impossible to apply for others. I feel so trapped.

I don't really have any friends I feel I can trust. At any rate I never let them see the depressed me, just my well practiced smiling facade.

Ultimately I feel so incredibly lonely and isolated. Ive thought about leaving everything behind and taking a trip. Riding to Alaska and back again type thing. I've thought about breaking up, but I only feel like I would be more alone.

I don't want to die, but I don't want to live either trapped in this terrible no man's land I've created for myself. Reddit can you help me figure my shit out.

Tldr, i feel trapped in my situation in life and need help getting help XD

Edit: I'm overwhelmed by the kindness of everyone here, I truely appreciate everyone who took the time to read or comment.