Am I being reasonable about my future?
I am an Asian-American born in California to a family that lives comfortably. My mom works in cosmetology and has gotten an associates degree, but she doesn't use it. My father has a bachelors that he also doesn't use due to working the family business. Both parents have split, but both still want "the best for me". I never got the option to explore careers growing up. I was told I was to be a doctor from ages 5-12 and from 12 to now I'm being told that I'm to be a surgeon. Of course "I get to" specialize in whatever I want. I've gone through phases of straight out telling them that I don't want to be a doctor (ages 9-12) and then accepting it due to the fact that I don't have any other idea of what I wanted. I'm the stereotypical perfect Asian-American daughter with a 4.4*/3.9 GPA at the top 5% of her class. I am on a varsity sports team and have done leadership activities like ASB and councils. I work a summer job and have been saving up for a while just incase. 

I've always known in my heart that this dream of me isn't what I want to do but my parents want of me. Frankly, I'm tired of keeping up this perfect image of myself. I don't want to kill myself all through college for a career I know isn't me. Now here comes the catch. I have a boyfriend whom I love with all my heart. He currently is on the other side of the country since he's graduated early. We've had our ups and downs but I've never met someone as perfect for me as he is. He's coming to visit soon and I honestly cant wait to see him again.

I want to go to college where he is to get a bachelors in nursing or dental hygiene instead of becoming a surgeon, doctor, or whatever. Though it may seem like I'm uprooting my life for a relationship that who knows will last or not, moving away will give me freedom from my parents. I'd be able to pursue these other careers without them micromanaging me and telling me that I'm a disappointment of their ideals of me. I wouldn't be going to a UC... like they'd planned and would be going to either an average state university in his area or a decent private school there. I just dont see the point in going anywhere else and putting us through more long distance than we need to be. We may or may not work out. In the end, I'd have gained freedom, gotten a degree, and have been able to see more of America than I would have been if I didn't. 

What I'd love is a cozy house to call my own somewhere that's green and away from the city. I'd love to have a family down the road. I'd love to have a stable job that pays just enough for these wants and a little extra for a modest road trip sightseeing maybe once a year. That's what would make me happiest. 

Though I'd love if my parents supported me and helped me as if I was doing what they wanted of me, I'm ready to support myself if they don't. I'd get a job, get a loan and some scholarships if possible, and pay my bills while being a full time student. I know I can do it with or without their support in me. 

I'm being reasonable right? My biggest fear is wasting my life doing something meaningless to me.