I’m finally realizing my worth...
I’ve always struggled with extremely low self esteem. In high school, my best friend was your stereotypical “it” girl: blonde hair, blue eyes, thin, confident, just “conventionally attractive”. Because of this, to me, it seemed like every single guy in our grade had a crush on her. It felt like every week she was telling me about a new guy confessing her attraction to her, and she had multiple boyfriends all 4 years.

I, on the other hand, was shy, awkward, and just overall your average “normal” high school kid. I never put myself out there out of insecurity and shyness. I always had crushes on guys, but none ever reciprocated. Because I never had any guy admit a crush on me, and instead of attributing this to me not putting myself out there, I told myself it was because I wasn’t good enough to be liked by anyone. I did end up getting into a long term relationship the summer after senior year of high school, however this relationship ended about a year ago in my junior year of college. After that relationship ended, I joined the online dating scene, and any time I started a new conversation with a guy, it felt like I needed to act perfectly: always answering, keeping the conversation alive even if it was dying and the other person seemed to lose interest, etc. Honestly, I disrespected myself multiple times forcing connections and conversations to “prove” to myself that I could make myself enough by continuing to interact with guys who obviously weren’t romantically interested and only kept me around for sex or sex related things, and I accepted that this was the best that I could get. 

Recently, this has finally started to feel wrong to me. I am currently talking to a guy who was enthusiastic about talking to me in the beginning (about three months ago) but in the past 3 weeks, has obviously lost interest and has tapered off contact to the point that he’s been leaving my Snapchat messages on delivered for up to 9 hours or more when he’s regularly active on the app. 

For some reason, this interaction has had helped me realize that I deserve more. Normally, I would feel happy that I was getting responses at all, feeling “lucky” that a guy would even respond to me after 9 hours. Not anymore. I’ve finally started to realize that there is someone out there who will be excited to talk to me for longer than just two months, who will put in the effort to see and respond to me, and will make me feel like I am enough. That person is out there, and it doesn’t matter if I go through a period of months or even years without talking to anyone romantically. I am finally realizing my worth, and that I would rather be alone than with someone who doesn’t respect me. I honestly think I need to be alone for a while, to further these “growth” thoughts to get to a point where I can be comfortable and secure with myself enough to be able to love someone while also loving myself. I am only 21, which I know is young, and I have my whole life ahead of me and am excited to see what comes next. 

I just wanted to share these sentiments with the hope that anyone going through anything remotely similar can read this and see that there is hope...a year ago, I never would have thought I could accept anything better for myself...but I’m growing, and learning, and if I can do it, you can too!