I quit.
I quit. 

I can’t do this anymore. The world has gone to shit. My life is a mess. I can’t keep going anymore. 

I have no career prospects. No skills. No savings. No real home. No hobbies. No friends. There’s nothing to do and nothing to live for anymore in my life. Nothing to plan or to hope for. I’m not going anywhere and I’m sick of pretending that one day, somehow my hard work will pay off, because it never does and it never will. Fuck it all. 

My partner is a fucking nightmare to be with and is totally self absorbed and unsupportive. And swings wildly between a neurotic stoner who looses it like a skittish racehorse incapable of negating basic daily life or totally callous and cold and removed. No in between. She completely sabotages EVERYTHING I try to do for myself because she’s to fucking lazy and content with living like shit to make a change in her own life and ruins any resemblance of order I try to make for myself. 

I hate my shitty life. I hate the cunts I have to sit on the phone and “play nice with” selling shit they don’t need all day while being screamed at day in day out for less than minimum wage. I am rejected from every “good” job filtered and processed by AI I and pretend I want just so I can have a basic rate of pay that is financially viable enough to live off or god forbid, save. I looked at my CV the other day and I might as well have said, “fuck me up the arse for money” and I would have had better offers. At least then I wouldn’t feel so bad when inevitable some faceless corporation comes to emotionally, physically and financially fist fuck me in the name of profit margins and wildly conflicting agendas. At least I wouldn’t be so fucking surprised.

Everyday of my life is just one big joke. I put one foot forward and it’s just straight into the next biggest pile of dog shit. Constantly wading through piles of the next worst day of my life to the next. Pretending like one day it will be better but one day never comes.

I’m ugly, I’m fat and unemployable and scratch a bare minimum of making do throughout it all. Everything I love fucks up in the end and I hate where it’s gotten me. The vapid swirling vortex of fuck all. The purgatory of wearing this fucking mask, pushing boulders, breaking my back, tearing my nerves to shreds by the handful. Grating my bones to brittle twigs for some fat lazy cunt to get rich off of who doesn’t even know I’m alive. 

Then there’s the fucking world going to fuckkery... Honestly tell me what the point would even be anymore if I carried on and if by some miracle should somehow be falling out of my ass, why bother? Pretty much everyone is dying of this fucking virus or moronically trying to spread it further with their woowoo fucking cunt faced conspiracy shit or out of sheer ignorance desperate to give one another a death sentence via coughing fit. Even if that should somehow be solved within the next 6-8 months, the worlds still fucked and passed the point of no return, waiting for the seas to boil the life out of them, the ice caps to melt, the animals to rot from inside out and the world to goatse itself into a complete inhospitable prolapsed wasteland or, at best to wander around crippled by its change and ravage with mask and life support donned, picking our way through the mess for scraps.

Fuck me, even if the world doesn’t fuck us up, the socio-economic buggery will be the equivalent of throwing a brick into the middle of a crowded bar fight. Police and totalitarianism on the horizon, double speak, riots, food shortages, poverty, fake news, social unrest, the slump of everyday life as we know it cracking its skull on the wall behind and dribbling from its mouth as it sinks to its fucking knees.

I don’t even feel good about having kids anymore... What’s the point? Their lives will probably be worse off than my own. Maybe they too will bemoan and rue my “millennial” generation for their selfish, narsasstic, self-titled “irony”. Maybe they’ll find it in their hearts to forgive a generation of people who’s entire golden existence gave them the gift of the word “selfie” and social media that harvests their data for shady governments. Maybe they can overlook the fact that I cant afford to send them to school or home them in a house and feed them because I simply can’t make enough. 

What will I tell them when the end finally comes and they ask me “What did you do to stop all of this?”... What will I say, “oh yes darling I know we now live in a filthy pile of rags under a bin in a environmental nightmare but we had banksy make up a load of pithy little tee shirts to raise awareness and subtly undermine the futility of the modern world. Isn’t that great?!” And then we can all die from a poison gas cloud melting our lungs into grape jelly.

So what’s the point? 

Honestly? Can anyone give me a fucking reason because at this point, I KNOW it doesn’t get better or easier. I KNOW that my life will just be one lurch of shit to another. I KNOW that none of this can get any better for me, I’m ready to quit. 

I have some beta blockers and a beer, I don’t want to sit around and wait anymore. 

I can’t do this. I can’t hold on. I can’t make it better. It just doesn’t go that way for me and I hate it. I don’t want to suffer anymore and be stuck poor and making do anymore. I can’t. Everyday I am stuck inside and just waiting for the courage to not be a pussy and eat all the meds I have. Who knows I’ll probably fuck that up in the end too.