Looking at switching from "academia" to "higher education".
I'm currently finishing up my Master's in Linguistics. After considering switching to Anthropology because I'm interested in identity, especially multicultural and minority identities, I've decided that the path to a tenured position just isn't in me and I would be better off working directly with the communities that I would like to work with by going into student affairs and higher education.

As an undergrad I was hired as an early hire (freshman year) as a paraprofessional (RA) for a few years and was a Resident Manager, managing three residence hall desks at The Ohio State Univeristy. I loved my years in housing and would love to return to doing work that is similar to that (though I completely understand that running a multicultural center or being a hall director is far beyond being responsible for 72 residents as an RA). 

I was wondering what programs (Master's) you could point me to that are strong in research and in implementing programs for diversity and multiculturalism. I'd like to pursue a Master's in Higher Ed and work in housing or some other part of student affairs a while and then perhaps eventually pursue a PhD. I think my dream would to some day run a Multicultural Center or a LGBT+ Center. 

Specifically I'm interested in working with gender and sexual minorities as well as with Native Americans. I'm studying out west at the University of Utah and while I'm not working in student affairs, I've been working closely for the past three years with the Shoshone People. One thing that I'd like to look into (and maybe I'm being too academic as I'm not sure how much Higher Ed master programs are research based) is the recruitment of Native students to schools in the East that don't have large native populations (as compared to the University of Utah whose mascot is named after the major tribe of Utah, the Utes). 

Any suggestions as to programs I should look at or people I should look into would be helpful. Also any advice from those who switched paths from something else into higher ed would be encouraging as well. It's been a long and tiresome road to decide what I want to do with my life and the more I think about it, the more I feel I belong down this path.