[Venting] Today is day 1 for me. I just got back from the gym, and I'm a bit of an emotional mess.
Today is day 1 for me. I've been going to the gym for 3 years, and today after a long time, my past kicked me in the balls all over again. I left the gym wanting to cry.

Growing up, I was the shortest dude in my class, and I'm still short compared to people around me. I was one of the few Indian kids. I also wasn't very strong. I used to get singled out by the gym teachers in high school to compete with girls, was never allowed to compete with guys on sports events (btw, I don't think women are weaker than men, or that there is anything wrong with having to compete with women, because hey, I'd love to be as badass as so many women I know). I used to get bullied in so many ways.

"Your mother must be scared to look at you" "Why are you so pidgeon chested" "Don't worry man, you'll find someone"

I used to get valentine's day cards saying "I like the smell of your armpits". I didn't have any BO, but people wanted to see me excited, and then watch my face drop.

The girls who asked me to dance at school parties did it because of a dare, and only wanted to make fun of me.

Guys used to push me into girls, and then everyone would call me a creep. As an Indian guy, I'm already very sensitive to girls not feeling safe around me (yes, we have a terrible reputation, and we collectively need to get better). I hated it. I hated being the reason for other people not feeling comfortable.

So I made myself really smart. I got really creative and artistic. I became a student leader. I made myself weirdly popular, respectable, and untouchable just so all of the bullshit would stop. I never got strong, not for lack of trying. I never attracted or genuinely excited anyone.

At the end of college, I experienced heartbreak because the girl I fell in love with after 3 years of knowing her didn't feel the same way about me, and fell for my best friend. So I graduated, and let myself go completely. The only thing I held on to for dear life was my career.

3 years ago, after a medical emergency, I started getting my act back together again. I started from the bottom of the bottom. I started keeping up with my creative pursuits again. I started doing everything I could to be the best man I can. After 3 years, I've only now managed to achieve where most people start. So I'm calling today day 1 with the hopes and dreams that one day I'll be good enough for someone to appreciate me for just existing, and for that person to accept everything I have to give to them. But I'm also emotional, because I don't know if I even have the potential anymore, and I'm operating on 0 confidence.

&#x200B;

Tl;dr: I'm trying but don't know if I'll ever be good enough to be able to fall in love because of past experiences, and that made me emotional.