Attempt failed. Currently in the hospital.
I tried I really did, but the second I took the pills I instantly regretted it. I called 911. In the ambulance is when I really noticed what I had done. And having the paramedics there to calm me down and help me was everything to me. I'm currently in the hospital. I can't leave my room unless it's to go to the bathroom. I can't even close my curtain to get privacy. They took every single cable and metal object out of the room. I'm in terrible pain. I didn't sleep at all last night. Hospital beds are the worse. I miss my bed and my dog :( 

Despite the dreary scene of the hospital the nurses and doctors have been nothing but nice and supportive. The nurse who drew my blood even drew a little smiley face on my bandaid to cheer me up a little. One nurse even gave me her number in case I ever need some support. I've never been treated so nicely by a group of strangers. Every single one of them giving me a different purpose to live. Thankfully I didn't ingest too much pills to damage my body too much. Just slight kinda damage but nothing life threatening. 

But this has made me realize a lot. Life really is worth living. No matter your situation. There are PLENTY of people who can be there for you. Every single nurse and doctor here gave me thousands of resources to help me. And this has given me the will to live. 

I should be getting out by Tuesday when a psychiatrist comes to mentally evaluate me and give me permission to leave. Until then I'm in a hospital room prison being watched over like a baby but it's good to know that there's people out there who truly care. 

To all the people considering suicide. Please don't do it. It's not worth it. I truly thought I had no one and my family wouldn't care. But seeing their crying faces when the ambulance took me away made me realize that even when you think you have no one you're wrong. The selfish decision I made will be in my mind forever but it gives me a reason to go on. We're all strong enough if we really try. 

Stay strong and reconsider your choice. 


EDIT: I didn't think my post would get so much attention, seeing as my other posts wouldn't get much. I'm sorry if I can't reply to all of the comments it's really a lot! However, thank you to all the kind people and positive messages. I'm glad to see my story is helping others as well.