What are the arguments for and against the U.S. leaving the U.N. Human Rights Council?
Today the [United States announced](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/06/19/us/politics/trump-israel-palestinians-human-rights.html) they would depart the U.N. Human Rights Council over, or least in part because: 

> in protest of its frequent criticism of Israel’s treatment of Palestinians.

Nikki Haley, U.S. ambassador to the U.N.,  elaborated on the decision: 

> “Earlier this year, as it has in previous years, the Human Rights Council passed five resolutions against Israel — more than the number passed against North Korea, Iran and Syria combined,” Nikki R. Haley, the American ambassador to the United Nations, said in a speech on Tuesday. “This disproportionate focus and unending hostility toward Israel is clear proof that the council is motivated by political bias, not by human rights.”

> “If the Human Rights Council is going to attack countries that uphold human rights and shield countries that abuse human rights, then America should not provide it with any credibility,” Ms. Haley said.

-----------------------

Former Republican diplomat Elliot Abrams briefly touched on an argument for staying, but agreed that the Council's bias against Israel is too much to ignore and leaving is the right decision, saying: 

> “There is always an argument for staying, which is that the United States will be in a better position to help defend Israel,” Mr. Abrams said. “But this council is hopelessly compromised, so leaving is the right choice.”

--------------------------------

Rob Berschinski, a senior vice president at Human Rights First, agreed the Council is not perfect, but made the argument the U.S. is potentially giving up leverage:

> “Countries like China, Russia and Venezuela will applaud this decision because we are freely giving up leverage over them that we previously had,” Mr. Berschinski said.

--------------------------------

1: From the perspective of the United States, what are the arguments or pros and cons of the United States leaving the U.N. Human Rights Council?

2: If at all, how does this affect the Council's credibility?