I’m a single mother and I want to kill myself.
I had my daughter at 19. Her father died from cancer when she was 10 months old. I fell into deep depression and wanted to commit suicide. But I convinced myself to keep living until my daughter turned 18. I had nothing at the time, but I was determined to give her the best life until then.

I am now 33. And in those 14 years, I worked my ass off. I was working 2 jobs, while also attending college. I eventually graduated and landed a job that pay well. After a few years I saved up enough money to buy a house. I even put money aside for her college fund. So by the time she turn 18, I would have saved enough money for her to attend a University. Despite all the struggles and barriers I faced, I finally felt content. All my hard work was finally paying off. I started to feel like life was worth living. The thoughts of committing suicide after she turned 18 began to fade.

But now that feeling of self worth is gone and depression has fully taken over again. Everything changed when my daughter turned 14. I found out that she has been sneaking out, having sex, and has been using DXM to get high. My daughter said that she became this way because...of me. Because I was too strict on her with her grades and chores. And that she just wanted to be free. I admit that I do yell at her when she slips up, and that I can be very intense. But I have never lay a hand on her. I grew up in an abusive household, so I told myself I will never hurt her the same way my parents hurt me. I told myself I will raise her the best way that I can. But I failed. I failed as her mother and I was wrong thinking I deserved to live.

I tried putting my daughter in therapy in attempt to help her. She told me she wanted to change. But it was all lies. I still found pills in her room. I even found out that she has a “trap phone”, a secret cellphone she bought from a friend with her birthday money. And she was still sneaking out in the middle of the night to meet up with boys to have sex. I feel like I completely lost her and she would be happier if I was dead. I feel useless. I feel unnecessary. I feel like I’m not good enough to be her mom. My heart hurts so much. I’m just not strong enough to handle this. I just want this all to end.