I wish that I were beautiful. I hate that I think mostly about dating, of girls, of sex, of love. I do not feel in control of myself.
I am afraid that I do not know what to write here. There is so much that I cannot even put into words, such that I find it over whelming at times. When I am happy, I am just alright. If everything is going smoothly then I everything is fine. 


Ultimately, I think that I do not know how to deal with all of the suffering in this world. I do not mean the suffering caused by war, famine, poverty. These things I am quite detached from because I live in a wealthy nation and they do not affect me in an direct way. I know that this is wrong because I do not think of myself as a citizen of my nation, but rather a human who must share this earth with everyone else. I know that we must all work together and help each other out.


No, my problems are so insignificant. But, are they? If my problems are so small, then why do I feel bad if they might affect the people around me. Sometimes I think that I have too much empathy. Sometimes I wish that I were completely alone so that I do not need to feel sadness at something lost or changed. I do not wish to feel happiness, because nothing is forever and I cannot fathom loss. I do not wish to feel sadness because it is loneliness and painful. I do not wish to see my family suffer. I do not wish to be relied upon for comfort, for happiness, for belonging. I do not know how to provide these kinds of things yet I long for companionship and understanding, for love and tenderness, for warmth.


I just want to be alone sometimes. I don't want anyone to think I do not want to be around them. I just don't know what to do about how I feel. Should I feel sadness? Yes, I do feel it and it scares me. I do not like when other people are sad, especially people that I care about.


I want peace I don't know where to find it. I don't want to complain about my feelings because I feel selfish. I am already too selfish. Why should I feel healthy, and look forward to a future when others in my family do not feel healthy. Why should I looks for happiness and companionship. Why should I look for a girlfriend or a wife when my grandmother is alone, and probably misses my grandfather. Why should I feel healthy and look forward to a future when my mother is tired, and exhausted from her disease.


I just want to drink. I just want to sleep. I don't want to feel anything. I don't want death but I don't want life.


I don't know what to do. I am selfish.


And then sometimes, the right song comes on and I think about running through a forest. I think of running through fields, towards castles and mountains. I think of love and carelessness. I think of future and of happiness. I think of a life that everyone should have, of health and prosperity, joy and adventure. And then I feel at peace for a short while. It doesn't last forever, because nothing could last forever. but these days it seems my only happiness is when I have these brief moments of escape. I just want to escape.