I went so long denying that I was depressed - This is a synapse of my journey to realizing my own depression and my plan to recover -
Hello. This is a rather long post about my journey through fighting fatigue and the realization of my own depression. These are the observations I had while going through it, and my current state of recovery. I hope whoever is reading this can gain some insight to their own problem and seek help themselves.

For years (I'd say about 6 or 7) I've had this nagging feeling, this exhaustion, a fatigue that would never leave no matter what I would try. I tried everything that was suggested to me: running, hobbies, delving into my work, yoga, meditation, sleeping pills, vitamins, breathing techniques, counseling, and many more, but I still felt this exhaustion. No one was giving me a solution to this nagging issue and I blamed myself. For so long I wondered what it could be.

"Why can't I be strong enough to fight through this? Why can't I do what others are doing when I am trying oh so hard? Why am I so lazy?" I would ask myself these questions and criticize myself for all the issues in my life. I put pressure on myself and only made it worse and pulled myself away from realizing what was wrong. I'd put on a mask, always smiling and willing to lend a hand to distract myself from my mind. My grades were suffering, and I couldn't seem to pull myself out of this spiral.

This last weekend it seems that I finally crashed, I made an appointment with my doctor and spent the weekend doing no work and just pondering. I was ready to admit it: *I am depressed*. For some reason I was so scared of those 3 words. I went so long thinking that I could will myself through depression. I irrationally thought that it was a personal fault and that others would look at me different for being depressed, but this way of thinking hurt me for so many years, and those are years that I will never be able to get back.

My doctor gave me antidepressants to try out and I am on my second day of using them. I don't know if it's some sort of placebo effect, but I don't care. The difference between my attitude and energy levels now compared to just 3 days ago... it's like I was a different person. Today was the first day in a very long time being able to go through the whole day without feeling tired or in need of a nap. Although this is only the second day being on these antidepressants I feel so much more optimistic. I feel like I have the energy to be able to focus on myself and prevent that low feeling through personal care. 

The reason that I post this is to help all you out there that have the same symptoms as me and don't realize that it is depression. If you feel like you might be depressed, do yourself a favor: **admit it to yourself**. It is the first step to reaching out to getting some help. Whether it be support from family (or us on Reddit), counseling, or prescriptions, you owe it to yourself to be happy, and just about everyone is willing to help. Don't waste another second of your life with depression, please, for yourself, make a change for the better.

Thank you for reading.