Why did a potential employer open a position after waiting to talk with me?
What are some reasons an employer posted a position after they said they waited to speak with me first? I'm trying to figure out what happened and how I can move forward to hopefully avoid another situation like this. 

Here's the background:

Back in Nov. I applied for an open position with a nonprofit's national office. Their team is less than 10 people, but they have chapters all across the US and have a proper BoD. I moved forward with two interviews (with the executive director and the president) by January and ultimately found out that I did not get the position, but they stressed multiple times that they wanted me to keep them in mind in case any potential positions opened up. I thanked them and told them that I would definitely keep them in mind, because they're an organization that I've long wanted to be the start of my professional career. I have multiple friends and connections who have both worked and currently work there, so I felt that I knew the organization well. 

A week after I sent my thanks and notice that I'd keep them in consideration, the executive director reached out and said that a position had opened up in a different department and before they opened it up for applications, they wanted to see if I'd be interested. I immediately replied and that same day I had a fairly informal conversation over video with the exec director and the president again. The convo was essentially them describing the job and its requirements and I was even more excited because this was a position I had the most experience in and felt I would do well in. At the end of the talk, they said they'll get together and "see if we can make you that job offer" and would let me know. This was on February 5 and then on the 14th, after hearing nothing from them, I saw that they posted the job and were looking for applications. This past Monday I sent an email to the executive director and asked for a follow up and haven't received anything since. I'm mostly upset that they're not being communicative because they've always touted that they're the type of organization to communicate with applicants if they got the job or not, and I'm not even getting any updates or an explanation. I'm pretty confused at what to do at this point and I don't want to be pushy and send out another email next week. But if there are typical or common reasons an employer will do this, then I'd like to know so I can see if there's anything I can change when I interview at other places. I would hate to get my hopes up again and another employer does the same as that one. 

tldr; an employer wanted to see if I was interested in a position before they posted it online to accept applications and after a week of no updates, they posted the job opening online. I'd like advice or even anecdotes on similar situations and how it can be avoided.