Should I (25f) take the easy route and study library science, or the exciting, difficult route and try forensic science?
**EDIT: WOW thank you for all your responses, everyone ;\_; I can't reply to all of you but there's some great advice in there. I really appreciate it. <3**

My BA (East Asian Language and Lit) has gotten me nowhere other than high-end retail, and at this point I feel like I need a graduate degree in order to progress. I certainly don't mind going back to school, but I'm not sure what I even want to do.

My top two choices are a) library science or b) forensic science.

Library science makes sense as it gels with my educational background and previous internship experience as a librarian and a teacher. The work would be easy, it'd be cheaper than other degrees, and it would only last two years. It's also an easy program to get into.

The problem is that I just don't... really... want to be a librarian. I don't feel any passion for librarianship. It feels like the easiest, most mundane choice I could possibly make, and I hate that. It would be stable. It would be smart. It would be very boring.

On the other hand, there's forensic science.

Pursuing forensic science wouldn't make sense, but it's my dream career. I am deeply fascinated by everything to do with forensic science and have been since I was a child. I read forensic news and research in my spare time (which I've had a lot of lately). However, it would be a complete 180 from any of the work I've done so far. I didn't take any STEM in college, I have no background in chemistry. Is this even plausible? Is there any way I could catch up??? I'm a quick learner and I absorb information fast; is there somewhere I could start?

These things might not even matter, however, as my choices are limited by my college transcript. To be blunt: it sucks. Nearly everything from freshman to junior year is a total garbage fire with a few Bs thrown in for variety. My main problem was that I was too busy sleeping and staring at walls to go to class; the second problem was the suicidal depression. When I did make it to class, I would sleep at my desk and take notes that were mostly nonsense scrawling.

Eventually I got diagnosed with narcolepsy, took a year off, came back a little more manageable. My senior year is all As. However, a college board probably isn't going to care about any of that. Any respectable program would take one look at my awful GPA and toss my application in the garbage. I also won't have any stellar letters of recommendation from professors, because, well, I was asleep, and a very bad student.

Sorry this is so disorganized. I don't know what to do or where to even begin. Which program should I choose? Should I even try???? Any advice is appreciated.