Sent a complaint in to HR about my supervisor...his boss is thrilled about it?
I work in a small biotech company and am relatively new (about 4 months) right out of school, and don’t have much context for this scenario.
We have a relatively small team that runs our assays and a supervisor that organizes the design. He’s also new—right out a PhD program, but I believe he’s worked in biotech before. He’s been working here about 7 months. 
Everyone else works really well together. I really like my colleagues and can rely on them to be efficient, capable, and communicative. Because the company is so small, this is really crucial to things going right. 
However, my supervisor seems to have alienated the rest of my coworkers with generally sloppy work that results in everything having to be redone many times over. This has been costing the company a lot of money and the CEO has steadily been getting more and more frustrated with him. Aside from this, he personally is difficult to get along with, tending to be passive aggressive and often pushing responsibilities onto others. Admittedly, I felt sort of bad for him receiving a fair amount of hostility, so I tried to work with him and tell his what I needed, but it’s mostly resulted in me cleaning up his messes and working significantly more hours because of it.

Earlier today, I put in a written complaint (along with another coworker) outlining this, as well as specific dates and times things went wrong, emphasizing that I find everyone else reliable and wonderful to work with. 

The CEO is apparently “thrilled” about the letter according to HR, noted that it was written in a professional manner, and personally came down to thank me for submitting the letter and ominously suggested that “things are gonna change around here”.

I think I’m just anxious because I’ve been trying to navigate this stuff for the first time. Would anyone have insight about what that means?


UPDATE: the supervisor was asked to resign today, so I guess I figured out “what that means”.