Did I commit ​career suicide?
Hi everyone,

Created a throwaway account due to sheer embarrassment. I am 26F, living in Toronto. I have 4.5 years of work experience. 4 years with a big financial services company where I was a business analyst and a project manager. I loved working there, however after 4 years I decided to move elsewhere so I could grow. Actually, I was pretty desperate to switch towards the end as my old company started going through a lot of changes. I still loved my job but wanted to move to a place with a better culture.  I got a higher paying job with a promotion with this investment management company. On paper it sounded very cool and I thought I would be doing the exact same things that I loved doing at my old job. However, once I joined, I found out it was far from truth. They had just drafted the role in such a way that I would say yes (the new company reached out to me and was very keen on me joining). I hated being there. I hated doing my job because it wasn't what I signed up for. On top of it, my manager made my life hell. She had no trust in her employees and kept a close eye on my monitor. If I stopped working for a min, she would start questioning me. This was also the time when I was going through A LOT at home. My brother who abused me during childhood moved in with me with my parents. My parents knew what he did to me but still insisted I put it behind me and become the bigger person to improve his life. With the stress from home and work, I got majorly depressed and went into a very dark place. Finally I decided to quit my job after being there for 5 months because I wanted time off for myself.

&#x200B;

It's been a month since then and I managed to kick my brother out. I have been actively applying for roles but I just dont hear back. When I was employed, I was actively applying too and I would hear back from 3/10 places I would apply to. I have a strong background and have worked for Fortune 500 companies only. But now, there are NO replies. I am still depressed and working on myself but it feels like I committed a career suicide by quitting only after 5 months. It makes me look unreliable or that I was fired only after 5 months. I know a month is a short time but 0 replies after having a strong resume is really pulling me down. The only responses I get are rejections. I am trying to look into going back to school also but everything just feels like dead end to me. I don't want to go back to that job I just quit because it was hell working there. Any advice or input would be appreciated. If anyone is willing to review my resume, I would appreciate it a lot as well!

&#x200B;

Thanks a lot!!!