Met the cutest girl on a plane today and got her number, had to share the story with someone
I was flying home from CA and met this super cute girl while walking down the ramp to our plane. She's a biology student in Idaho with gorgeous eyes, a sweet smile, and frankly just stunning from head to toe. After only a few minutes we found several things we had in common, and I even got her to laugh a couple times. She ended up sitting way behind me on the plane but I really wanted to see if I could get her number. So I ripped out a page from the in-flight magazine and wrote her a note that said:

*As a scientist I'm wondering if you'd be willing to help me with a survey. I'm trying to find the best way to get the number of a cute girl I met on a plane (just in case I'm ever in southern Idaho) and wondering if a note is effective. If you would like to participate, would you be willing to rank its effectiveness on a scale of (000) 000-0000 to (999) 999-9999? For science. You can submit your survey by folding this piece of paper and leaving it in the storage door below the mirror in the bathroom behind you. If not, no worries and safe travels. :)*

So I take this note and walk back to the bathrooms on the plane, and as I'm making my way back to my seat I lean over to her and say "I'm sorry, I think you dropped this" and walk back to my seat. The flight had about another 90 minutes before landing, so I tried to wait toward the end of the flight and made my way back again. She had her eyes closed listening to music as I passed so I didn't get to see her, but sure enough I walked into the bathroom and her note was there! It said:

*My scientific curiosity is piqued! I'm happy to respond to your survey, as I always enjoy meeting new people. Oh, and my name is \_\_\_\_\_ by the way..."* WITH HER NUMBER!

She even kept my original note to her, hopefully because it was memorable? I can't believe it actually worked.

Also, here's how much I \*do not\* have game...I was so excited that I accidentally left the note in the goddamn bathroom! \*facepalm\* I got back to my seat, realized what I'd done, and practically sprinted to the back of the plane. A woman got out and took one look at my face and I knew that she knew. Haha, her face said it all. I said "did I leave a piece of paper in here?" and she said "yes, I just threw it in the trash." So there I am digging through the wet paper towels in the trash can like a goddamn maniac trying to find this note...I've got a couple people waiting for a bathroom poking their head around the door to see what's up, a flight attendant is asking me if I want gloves...but I found it! It was wet and a corner got ripped while I was digging but I'll be damned if I didn't get it.

So yeah, MT if you're reading this, you made my day. Hope you enjoyed it as much as I did :)