Boss is asking me to do something totally unethical, and I can’t bring myself to do it. Should I leave?
Hey all. I started a new job a few months ago, and I really like it. Pay is great, company is high growth and it’s really fun and interesting work. However, the CEO has made some very questionable decisions since my time here, and it’s clear he only surrounds himself with yes men. Recently, he asked me and a colleague to do something totally unethical. I can’t go into any detail because honestly I shouldn’t even know about this - if it comes out, it will destroy our company in the press and destroy all of the goodwill we’ve cultivated with our customers - but let’s just say we have to use fake emails and fake names to complete his request.

I’m pretty high up in the company - my boss reports directly to him, and while she agrees it’s not a good idea (after i explained why), she’s still asking me to move forward with it. I told her when she gave me this project that I wouldn’t do it, think it’s a horrible idea/awful thing to do, and don’t want to put my name on it at all. Her response was to not say I think it’s a terrible idea to the CEO because he’s already defensive of this project, and that if shit hits the fan, I can always walk away. 

I can’t do this, and don’t think there’s anything I can do to change my boss or CEO’s minds NOT to move forward with this (my colleague who has been assigned to the project feels the same way that I do, if that matters). Even if they don’t make me do it because I refuse, I fear they’ll either fire me or make my life hell. 

Do I resign? Has anyone been in a similar situation, and how did it work out?

EDIT: Just wanted to thank everyone for their advice on this thread. I know I didn’t give any details and it’s hard to give good advice without all the facts, but I really appreciate the time people took to help. I am going to heed everyone’s advice to document all communication, and refuse the request in writing tomorrow. I realize now that requests related to this project have been via phone or face to face meetings, which leads me to believe that higher ups are covering their asses. I’d rather be financially uncomfortable for a bit than to compromise my morals. I’ll be sure to post an update once this all plays out.

Also, since a few people asked - I don’t know if this is illegal because I’ve never seen another company do this before, and there isn’t a lot of regulation in the industry I’m in. But it’s DEFINITELY unethical.