Should I advance my career or live the chill life?
I am crisis trying to decide what I should do. Currently I (37m) work a very high paying tech job that allows me to work remotely. I work from home in NYC. I own a house and live with my wife and 2 small kids. There is an in-law unit in the house where my sister and brother in law live. I make my own hours, I have full control over the work I need to do, and I do it well. I grew up in the east coast, I have a good amount of friends and family here, generally speaking life is pretty chill.
That said, I have hit the ceiling on my career. There is no room to advance and at this point it's not all that exciting. Working from home these past 7 years has felt pretty isolating. I miss the workplace community and interactions.
Now I have a job offer at a company in Seattle. It's a Sr position doing what I do now. It would be in the office every day with big expectations to solve some big problems. The total compensation is around the same as my current employer, but the catch is most of it is in salary, where as my current employer it is split between stock and salary. It's a great opportunity to work from an office again and take my career to the next level.
But I am really torn about this decision. Moving and starting anew in a city I don't have a lot of connection to. My wife has a bunch of family in Portland, so that's nice, but I will be moving away from my family. Working from the office means I will have less flexibility in my schedule.
I just don't know what to do. It seems like a great career move, but am I foolish for giving up a pretty easy life for this opportunity. Am I foolish for even thinking about moving away from my friends and family. Nothing is permanent, and we could always leave in a year or two if we aren't loving it.
I just don't know what I questions I need to answer for myself, so that which ever path I choose, either staying with my current situation, or moving west, I won't regret it and I can be at peace with it.