I think I found a keeper, and I dont have anyone to tell about it.
I left my abusive ex a few months ago. I felt trapped and like I couldn't get out, so I just packed up and left one day. I felt lonely and joined a social/dating app. I just wanted to talk to people again, since I don't have really any friends. 

I got so many messages, my app was crashing. So many creeps. I messaged a few back, but it either got weird or didn't go anywhere. But one guy just asked me why I was on the app. I said I was lonely, and he asked to Snapchat. 

I expected him to ask for nudes and all that, but I was surprised when he didn't. He was ice fishing with his brothers and it was Christmas Eve. I like fishing, so we got to talking. 

We talked 24/7 (except when we were sleeping) every day after that.  Snapchat and text every minute were awake. He calls me on my work break every evening. We have soooo much in common. I'm super outdoorsy and he is too. Plus he's cute as hell and sooo sweet lol. 

He's in the next state over, almost 5 hours away. But I jumped in my car and headed over there for a whole weekend two weeks after we started talking. 

I had the time of my life. We went ice fishing for 12 hours, and I had a blast. We went back to his place and smoked weed, and he made me amazing chicken enchiladas. We had sex, which was mind blowing. I had never had sex so good lol. We watched Netflix and cuddled until we fell asleep. 

He came to my place this weekend. I took him fishing on my favorite lake. We hot boxed his fishing shack, and had some risky sex. A warden came to check licenses, and we ended up both getting tickets for paraphernalia. Oops. Went back to my cabin. The generator blew up (we planned on watching movies) so we played cards under the gas lights and drank beer. Pushed the couches together by the wood stove and cuddled all night in our makeshift bed. 

He handled our shit situation so well, and just made the best of it. 

He asked me if I wanted to make things official while we were waiting for our tickets that night, I said yeah lol. 

I'm falling hard guys. He's so nice and respectful toward me, unlike anyone I've been with before. He met my dad, and left a great impression. We share so many of the same interests. Made so many plans to go camping, hiking, hunting, and fishing. Its early yet, and I've been drinking tonight, but holy cow am I hoping this works out. 

Best of luck to you all, though. I am happy as hell.

Edit: Forgot to add, we both got tickets with the same mandatory court date. So we have a "court date" date now🙃