Can we please stop pretending that men are the only ones capable of being terrible?
Two years ago I dated a woman who was a cousin of one of my friends. We met at a birthday party and I asked her out. We hit it off. She had just gotten out of a relationship, but was fine with dating me. We got along great. Had the same interests, texted or saw each other everyday, etc.. I took her out to dinners and beach trips, all paid for by me cause she was broke and had no job. I did everything for this person and I wasnt expecting anything in return besides a little respect and gratitude. I even found her a job and helped her with a car payment at one point. Shortly after helping her find a job she came to me with "I dont want to be intimate with you anymore, because I feel like I'm not over my ex still". My response was that I was fine with it. She suggested proceeding as friends and I agreed. Then a week later I find her tinder profile advertising to do the very same activities she was doing with me the last few months. She also had been making mild comments about dating other guys when we would hang out. I called her out on her shit and the chaos that ensued ended my friendship with her and my mutual friend. She basically tried to claim that I only wanted to be friends so that I could date her again at some point. She also(conveniently) never paid me back some money I had lent her and started ghosting me. The irony is that on social media, people praise her for being strong and independent and I'm treated like the asshole. I wish that she had just told me why she really wanted to stop dating me and start seeing other guys. Ladies please, if you're gonna stop dating a guy, please be honest about why. How are we ever supposed to improve if you cant be honest about what went wrong or didnt click?

Tl;dr woman used me as a rebound and I'm considered the asshole.

Edit: Gonna clarify a few things since people dont read/misinterpret things. I dated this person for 3 months. She joked about dating other guys a week AFTER we stopped dating, which was a flag for me considering that the reason she wanted to stop seeing me was supposedly that she wasnt over her ex. Also, this person was doing a myriad of other things in an attempt to string me along. Such as complaining about why I dont text her every day anymore the week after we stopped dating.