How can I cut a Toxic friend out from my life?
Hello wonderful people of Reddit, I was initially unsure of where to post this so I hope it's alright here. I'm currently looking for advice after four years of dealing with a manipulative and possessive "friend". I'm really sorry that this post is quite long...

We are currently in our last year of school and I look forward to cutting him from my life after I leave. I know I can block him but I'm still worried that he could find ways to contact me, and I know if he does harass me then I can contact the police but I've never done so before and unsure how it would be handled? It makes me anxious not knowing what could happen. My plan was the month we leave to just block him and change my usernames on the accounts I use / open new ones so that he wouldn't  know it's me? I'm very unsure of how to handle this abe probably sound very silly but honestly I need some direction, I dont know who I could talk to who would take the situation seriously. 

I dont want to have any contact at all with this person as for the last four years he has literally been a plague in my life and has forced me away from my group of friends (one of which I am still very close with but Toxic Friend has threatened us both in the attempt to try and stop us from being close.) And has demanded my immediate attention every single day, even through preliminary exams and actual examinations. My main reason for not blocking him currently is that he will yell abuse at me throughout the day and between classes like he has down previously in the last years that I've tried to block him, and simply being his "friend" is the only way to stop him from doing this. 

I'm sorry for being such a bother but can anyone advise me on the best way to get him out of my life? Additionally is there any precautions I can take online to keep him away, and offline too? 

(In advance sorry if anything is spelled wrong / that's weird. Although I've been living in England for six years the English language itself isn't my first. Hopefully you can still read this, sorry!)