My friend killed himself after 8 failed attempts over many years. Don't always trust their parents alone to do the right thing cause sometimes they just don't; they make it worse.
I'm 23 now, it's been a couple years since he died and I can't help but remember him on occasion whenever I experience something new or good in life. I just think "if he didn't end it all he'd have seen the bigger picture eventually". It's never as simple as that but at the same time, it is; it's all about the timing.

  He had it all. He was popular, had that ripped body everyone envied him for, had the attention of the ladies and had a wealthy family. None of that seems to matter one bit when it concerns clinical depression. It only got worse with whatever his dad thought was the best response which was to initially send him to live in another country thinking a change of scenery was all he needed after his first few attempts, that didn't really work either. His dad's solution was to just deal with it like a man ought to and so my friend confided in his grandfather instead of his own parents. This one time he jumped off the fourth floor of his house (wealthy family like I said) and only survived cause he landed on his car. Shattering his skull and shoulder blades, he was back up and walking in a few months. The guy was a tank, a kick boxer and at the peak of his physique so he seemed to oddly survive his various attempts. 

  Things settled when he got into a stable relationship for a few years and we grew out of touch but I heard he was doing well and had left the country with his significant other. The last thing I heard after that was how his grandfather had died and that they found he had hanged himself a few days after the funeral. His family didn't even tell his friends about it, they just had a quick and quiet funeral for him the next day and I only found out about it months later. 

  That was the end of his story but it doesn't have to be for so many others out there. Please seek professional help for you or for those you know are going through cycles of depression. The worst way to deal with it is to leave it to conservative families that care more about impressions and "manning up" than being humble enough to band together when one is hurting and be supportive and nurturing.