I'm not worth anybody's time
It's to the point where I'm not even that sad coming to this conclusion. I feel like my whole life has been a culmination of events that have slowly guided me to feeling this way. 

At parties or social gatherings, I can come off as a happy and easy-going, and sometimes, I might genuinely feel like those things too. But so often, those feelings would dissipate quickly and I would feel down and out. 

For example: Yesterday, I went to a club with some of my friends, met two random girls at a bar and asked them if they wanted to come with me to the club. They agreed and for about half an hour or so, I was hanging out, dancing, having a good time with them and then they just flat-out ditch me to go chill with some other guys. At first, I didn't mind. They were still just strangers to me regardless of how much fun I thought I was having with them. But then I started thinking more into, something I do too often that I shouldn't do, and I just kept thinking and thinking about how I'm really not worth anybody's time. I let things snowball and I can give you an extensive list of life events that I could use to support this claim. I know I shouldn't use this superficial outing to let me down but it's something that I just do out of habit (I promise I'm trying to work on it).

I believe in the idea of true love and things like, but not for myself. Never for myself. I'm not even sure if I want to be with anybody but if I ever truly do, it'd be pointless. I'm not worth the time. I understand that people like confidence, and I do my best to go out there and be confident. In the end, it's all fake. The smile that I put in my face and the energy I devote to being a happy overall person, it's all in vain. None of it is genuine, because at the end of the day, I just feel empty, that nobody should bother with me.

I don't mean to come off as a whiny kid. I do have friends and family that I know care for me and have told me that they enjoy my company. It's just that too often, I breath a heavy sigh. My face feels heavy and I walk with either my head down or just looking away from people. 

I wish I could articulate all this better, but it's hard to go back and edit through things like this. I just want to say that I don't feel like this all the times. There are days where I feel like life's great and that I am somebody that matters to both myself and others. It's just that I feel like I'm caught in a cycle of whatever they hell this is.