Struggling with superiority complex after being rejected by all colleges I applied to
Hi all! Semi-rant here, don't know where this will go but screw it.

I grew up in a relatively small town where I was considered the smartest in my school from elementary to 10th grade. My teachers praised my intelligence and my immigrant parents were confident I could get into Ivy schools like MIT. Every time we'd watch TV shows like Fringe or any sciencey media where the character goes to some prestigious college, my mom would make a point to say it out loud and give me a smirk that said "that's your future right there, better get excited!" Same for irl people for that matter: she would tell me about her friend's child who got into MIT, and constantly remind me that she herself went to the most prestigious college in their country by earning perfect marks on her math exams, and that I could *easily* do the same here in the U.S. I was naive to believe them; after all, I've been told my entire life if I work hard then anything can be achieved, right?

Fast forward to junior year of high school, my parents moved to California in order to qualify for in-state tuition for UCs (I know, this is sort of cheating the system financially i guess? but that's beside the point). Holy moly, I was suddenly thrust into a high school that was twice as large as my previous one, and a relatively intense high school at that. Pretty much everyone had 5+ AP classes and were involved intensely in some extracurricular activity, such as being national chess champions, national math competition winners, you name it. Everyone felt like a character in an anime that had exaggerated, outlandish talents, except they were real.

I quickly felt drowned out. I went from being known and praised by all my teachers and friends as THE SMARTEST, to insignificant and lame. I hadn't taken any AP classes up until that point, and due to conflicts with classes taken at my previous school, I couldn't take AP classes even if I wanted to because I lacked the prerequisites. I was placed in a math class that I breezed through without paying attention at all in class because the upper classes were full, and they rejected my appeal to a higher physics class because they felt "i wasn't ready", despite myself knowing I could learn math quickly. I felt ignored and snubbed. "No one knows what I'm capable of" I fumed to myself, developing a cynical view of all the students at my school whom I viewed as pompous and self righteous. I ended up self studying for the AP Computer Science and AP Calculus BC tests in my junior year, because I felt my new school obviously treated me like I wasn't capable.

Despite this, I felt like I had sufficient merits by senior year. After all, I had a 1560 SAT, 4.0+ GPA, enrollment and leadership in clubs and extracurriculars, awards from state coding/math competitions, and a GitHub repo that showcased my years of experience with programming. I applied to CalTech, MIT, Berkeley, Stanford, and others. In my naive mind, I thought Berkeley would be my match school. My SAT score and GPA was in the higher range, right?

Fast forward again to two months later, I had been rejected by all my schools, and waitlisted at the school that I considered my safety.

As fervently as my parents had put these Ivy schools on a pedestal, they then turned around and blamed the system, espousing that these people only got in through money and connections anyways. "It's only a *bachelor's degree,* you could always transfer in to MIT as your master's degree."

Now, I'm struggling coming to terms with the fact that I'm not as special as I thought I was. It's like two halves of my body arguing all the time, one saying "The system failed you. You are a diamond in the rough, they'll be sorry they rejected you. I'm unseen. I'm unloved. Woe is me" and the other saying "You're not special. Grow up and stop wallowing in self-pity and arrogance. Be happy of other people's achievements instead of despising them for it. You got rejected by IVY COLLEGES, it's FINE." It doesn't help that every time my mom talks with my younger brother, who's in the process of college stuff, she says things like "the college system is broken, it's all a matter of luck anyways", giving me a sympathetic look which only serves to inflate my fragile ego. Then I see everyone on reddit and on the Internet who HAVE been accepted and recognized for their achievements, and it tears my ego back down.

tl;dr, grew up thinking i was the smartest, then quickly shown i in fact wasn't when rejected by all colleges and being exposed to smarter people. now i'm Gollum: simultaneously thinking i'm an unnoticed genius and thinking i'm spoiled and arrogant

edit: WOW thank you for all your comments kind strangers!!! It really *really* helps to see that a lot of people relate to this, and extremely insightful to see all the advice being given.