I asked him out a second time, got rejected.... no regrets!
So.. my friend introduced me to his friend earlier this year.

He pinged my DM while I was out of town last month telling me he hadn't seen me in a while and asking if I wanted to catch up sometime. So when I got back, I asked him out to lunch (I'd previously thought he was cute). We ended up having to reschedule to Friday dinner last week, and it was fun - we even went for a few drinks afterwards and I liked a lot of things I learned about him. Unfortunately, he didn't text me much afterwards. Then I got an invite to a Halloween event and was told to bring a date. I pulled together my nerves and asked him if he was free this Saturday night. He said he was free, so I asked if he wanted to my plus one to this thing. He responded saying he had just confirmed on other plans. Ah. Last minute alternative plans. His gentle way of saying no, because let's be real - if someone likes you, they'll prioritize you. To be honest, it stings and my pride took a beating because I was so accustomed to always being the one asked out. But I honestly have no regrets. This was my first time ever asking a guy out. Ultimately it didn't end up great, but I finally understood how it felt to go after someone you wanted versus debating on whether you were attracted enough to someone that wanted you. And it actually didn't feel too bad.

Moral of story: Girls, if you've thought about asking a guy out first but never given it a shot, give it a shot. I won't lie, it's not completely painless. But it gives you a new perspective on how tough it is for a guy when they ask you out and get rejected, you learn to appreciate more the guys that do gather up the guts to ask you out, and it's also really refreshing to actually try going after someone you want.

Edit: Holy cow, wow this blew up. Thanks for the silver! I've been reading all the comments and I've noticed there are a few comments that suggest that I might be jumping to things in regard to his response. I'll respond to some of those comments below, but for the record I still do think that it was a rejection -  if it wasn't, hopefully this will show some of you guys the variety of answers that a girl will take as a rejection and prevent you from rejecting a girl if you don't mean to! If there's ever an unexpected update to this post though, I'll make sure to put up a follow-up post. But I'm glad that this post got some attention :) hopefully it'll get this to the top of the news feed for some more girls to be encouraged to make the first move!