I messed up big time
We were 15 when we first met. We went to a trip where we were supposed to get to know our new classmates. To be honest, I was afraid of you at the beginning. I've always been very shy and your liveliness, openness and friendliness kind of scared me. But you were ok to talk to at the end of the trip. I was comfortable with talking to you.

We were casual friends the next two school years.

At the beginning of the third year my buddy and I came to class a little too late and our usual desk was occupied. By you. By just yourself. Being the asshole I am, I ditched my buddy and sat with you. I simply didn't want to sit right in front of the teacher. And that's the breaking point. It was just one class, but it influenced me and my life more than anything. We got to know each other much better and became close friends. We horsed around quite a lot during classes, but our teacher was a cool dude and didn't mind. We talked more and more...and then it happened. I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once. I loved looking straight into your eyes, watch you look away with a beautiful smile. I had no idea it was love at that time. But our teacher did and asked a couple of our classmates after class: "What are the things like with those two?" He said it loud enough for us to hear, I suppose non-deliberately. We got a little red and both of us looked away. 

Things went great the next three months and then the New Year's eve 2013 happened. I was pretty drunk and texted you the usual crap people send on this occasion. We got carried away (you said you loved me, too - I mean YOU ARE IN LOVE WITH ME? WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME BEFORE?!) and I'm putting on my shoes and jacket, going for a dance with you. What a stupid thing to do. You were over 30 kilometres away and I had to walk all the way. In addition, I had to walk on a side of a road where cars go very fast. My friend tried to stop me, but try to talk some sense into someone in my position. So he let me go. Of course I managed like 2 kilometres and then lie by the side of the road for some time. Eventually, I turned around, apologized and started walking in the opposite direction, feeling defeated. I got back, sat on stairs inside and more or less spent my night with my head between my legs. 

One would think things would go the right way after this revelation, right? Wrong! Never with me. I thought it wasn't love, because I felt the real affection for you only when I was drunk. Next couple of months went ok, we acted like it hadn't happen. Then spring break came. A week for thinking right? You contacted me, because it's always like this. I never do anything. We set a date. And it wrecked me. I cried more or less the whole week. There was a prom we both went to on Friday. I spent most of the time with you dancing, drinking and talking. I got drunk and broke down crying in front of a group of my classmates. You asked me if I wanted to go for a walk. Of course I went. And those were the best moments of my life. We held hands, talked, and then we kissed. Slowly, passionately, carefully. Even though I was pretty hammered, I remember this clearly. Then we somehow split up and I haven't seen you for the rest of the night. 

One would think things would go the right way after this, right? Wrong! Never with me. Again, I blamed it on the alcohol and we acted like nothing had happened. Then, I brainwashed myself. I convinced myself that I don't really love you, I even thought I hated you for a couple of weeks. Then depression came. I started drinking and I cried every single time I had a few drinks. I also texted you how much I love you every time and apologized when I sobered up. I was getting worse and worse until November 2013. You gave me your last chance. I told you you wouldn't want a wreck like me. You insisted that you don't mind. But I knew my condition was awful. In the heat of discussion I told you I don't deserve you and that you should find someone better. My mental health kept descending for another month when it struck me. I was making a decision for you. It wasn't right. And I wanted to fix things up. I got a little better. I was doing it for you. You deserved a better person, so I was trying to be one. 

One would think things would go the right way after this, right? Wrong! Never with me. Let's fast forward to January 2014. I'm finally at lest a little comfortable in my skin so I decided to ask you out. It's Friday afternoon and I'm walking with my friend to school to tell you. And then, on the way, I meet you. With another guy. Holding hands. I thought it didn't happen until I got to school. A few friends wanted to go for a beer with me (I didn't tell them what happened), but I said I had stomach ache and went home. I was dying inside. I closed my blinds, turned on music and cried and shouted at myself. I hit the complete bottom (at least so far). I was suicidal. I missed my chance by a couple of weeks. How stupid life is? 

It's March now and I still have you in my head. I'm depressed as fuck. I'm not doing my hobbies any more. I don't study. My finals are coming and I'm thinking of dropping out of my school. Also suicide is in question again. I'm a wreck. I used to be among the best in my class, now I'm nothing. I was curious. Focused on my future, my goals. It's all gone. 

And you've moved on. Exactly as I told you. You don't give me the smile any more. I know I've put a lot of my shit on you during the years. I know I hurt you so much I'll never be able to repair it. And a bit of me dies again and again every time you mention our past. I'm happy only when I talk to you. Or see you. I don't even know what to talk about with you. You gave me thousands of chances and I rejected every single one of them. And then I finally see the light, happy, but it's not the sun. It's not the source of heat, love and life. It's just a reflection. A cold, deadly moon.

Is this what life's like? You start doing something right and you get kicked in the nuts for it? If yes, I don't want to live any more.