I wrote a ride, sarcastic, and pretentious essay for BYU. Got a scholarship.
Edit: *rude*

Describe a topic, idea, or experience that you find so engaging that it makes you lose all track of time. What have you done to learn more or engage further in the topic, idea or experience? What resources do you use to learn more?
 
I love writing essays. Whether it’s a research paper, rhetorical analysis, or a historical DBQ, I enjoy every moment spent at a desk typing away. While the other people my age have to spend their time playing games, going out to eat, and sleeping eight hours a night, I get to write papers for my many AP classes. I find that when I have an essay to write, I lose hours of my day. Time really flies when you're having fun. My mom always knows when I haven't gotten assigned any essays when I come home with a dejected look on my face and proceed to use my free time to relax and decompress. She tries to cheer me up by giving me chores to do, but it's just not the same. While AP assignments are great, I especially love college application essays.
 
I sat bored at my desk in September thinking that I had to fill out another boring college application that only required students to input their grades and a few extracurricular activities. Those boring applications only take about thirty minutes to complete and require very little work or thought from me. After finishing the "Profile" section of this application I was ready to fall asleep, but then, out of the corner of my eye, the word "essays" caught my attention. My heart fluttered. Could it really be? No. it’s probably just a single 500-character response. I would get that done in an afternoon and have hours of free time without essays to think about. I desperately hoped that It wouldn't be that simple. I clicked on the section header and closed my eyes. I couldn't help it. I was nervous. I looked at the screen and almost jumped out of my seat; I couldn't believe it. FOUR essays. This would take me FOREVER to complete. I was so excited. I would have these essays in the back of my mind for months, just thinking about what I would write and the deadline looming around the corner. I reached over to my calendar and crossed out everything until December 15th. I wouldn't have time for other things. I had essays to write.