Dating App idea!
My idea for a dating app (pardon if this is dumb but I'm bored and drinking). You basically log in, create an account and then have to decide if you're looking for something casual or serious right at the start. This creates two separate groups of people and can only be switched by requesting which requires the user to fill out a form. This I think will make the process of switching tedious enough to stop people from toggling back in forth to take advantage of both groups.

Anyways, the profile has required fields. These fields include things such as a 3 picture minimum (at least 2/3 has to be ONLY you and you have to be visible), age, height, gender, career, education and two text boxes - one for a brief introduction and then the second for hobbies/interests. These text boxes will have a minimum requirement.

Here's where I think it gets unique. All conversation is live. You must both be online at the same time to chat. You only see users online at the time you are and these users are in the form of little icons you can click on to view. You basically go through and mark yes or no that you would like to talk to them and it will mark any users that want to talk to you in green on your screen so you know! If you match with them then you both get a notification saying that you want to talk to each other. Once you mark someone as a no they will disappear from your list so you can't see that they are online but you can go to another screen that let's you see everyone you've said no to and basically check any you want to undo.

If you both say yes to the notification to talk, you're brought into a chat room where you get questions based on if you're looking for something casual or serious. It is a specific number of questions like maybe 5-10 and it changes each time. Then you just share your answers and at the end you get to choose if you'd like to keep talking to them. If at any point you decide you aren't fond of the person you can exit the chat and then they get sent to your "rejected" group unless you go uncheck them. If you make it through though and both want to keep talking than you get your own chat where you don't have to be on at the same time and can exchange numbers/meet up or whatever.