I (F22) am nervous that I might get fired over 20 dollars. I need advice.
I just started this position as a bank teller near my house. It's convenient and a somewhat laid back environment. I've been working there for only a month so far, but this passed Saturday I was short 20 dollars.

I was never short before until Saturday. I also think it waa because I gave the Teller next to me 20's that she needed and she didn't give me the right amount back. I had the Control Teller count my drawer and my two other managers. Everything else proofed out correctly, so that's why I assume it could be when I helped out the Teller next to me. Mind you she has worked there for a long time, so I was being a little trusting. I did that for her while I was with a customer, so I could've also gotten confused.

I know it is a rookie mistake and I feel so dumb. There is no excuse for it, but they didn't say much to me after everything. They showed me how to fix the variance on the computer and sighed away. I felt worse, because they didn't say "It's okay." Or "Shit happens." Which of course I don't expect from them, but they kinda just acted aggravated with me. It was also one of the busiest days of the month and I was kind of nervous. 

I just feel like I might lose my job over something so small. I did all transactions correctly, so it was probably transferring money with the girl next to me. They have cameras, so hopefully they can see where I screwed up. I just hope they don't assume I was stealing. I wouldn't steal my from my own drawer. And if I did, why would I call attention to myself, ya know.

Anyways, I need some advice on how to calm down and relax. I don't go back to work until Tuesday and I've been having anxiety dreams about this. I know this doesn't matter, but I'm pregnant too, so my emotions are on high. I want to know if anyone else had this experience and did they get fired or written up? Also, how to better pay attention when I have million things going on in front of me as a teller?

TL;DR: I was short 20 dollars on Saturday and my management didn't say anything to me. They didn't even tell me if they were going to reprimand me. I'm very nervous, but I don't go back to work until Tuesday. I need to know if anyone else has dealt with this and were they fired? Or just written up? And how to not make this mistake again as a teller.