Should I dump my current somewhat stressful job with better pay and rotating schedule for a 9-5 M-F, less stressful job with a $400/month pay cut?
I (25F) am a respiratory therapist at a huge hospital in South Carolina currently. I’ve been here for a year and a half (only RT job I’ve had). It’s primarily critical care and has a children’s side to. I work in both areas with a passion for pediatrics. The schedule is nice sometimes- 12 hour shifts but I only work 3 per week and off 4. But we’re required to work every other weekend. My boyfriend whom I live with and will soon be engaged/married to (within the next year or two) works 9-5 M-F. All weekends and holidays off. A lot of the weekends I work we want to do things together. Or go to things in th evenings but I don’t get off until 7. This isn’t a job I want to do forever but it pays decent. It’s very high stress and takes a toll on you emotionally. I see people take their last breaths regularly. It has a high burn out rate. 

A position opened up within my hospital group but it is an outpatient facility. It’s in their pediatric Pulmonology department. I would never work with critically ill, dying people. This is basically a regular doctors office but for strictly Pulmonology patients. It’s something I would LOVE to do. It’s 9-5 M-F. Boyfriend and I would share schedules. It’s a job I could see myself doing long term. I interview for it tomorrow. I may not even be offered it but if I am I need to be prepared with how to process it. The big kicker with this is I would take a $400/month pay cut. I have about $23,000 in student loan debt and about $12,000 in other debts. No mortgage or rent. I pay about $600 to loans monthly which is above minimum. All loans are 6% apr or lower. It’s a huge loss when I have so much debt I’m paying down. But it’s low stress, highly sought after, low burnout. People literally retire in this position. 

Do I suffer the pay cut and make it work? I can always pick up random Saturday shifts in critical care and make about $220 in one day. Those shifts may or may not always be available. But more than likely they will be. I could pick a Saturday, or a Sunday even, boyfriend and I have no plans and pick up money. That just puts me at working 6 days a week to make ends meet while I’m currently working 3. 

I’m just having a hard time weighing out the pros and cons. They’re about equal, but it’s basically finances vs mental well being. 

Edit: I feel it is safe to mention I DO like my current job. I have some great coworkers. It can be strenuous at times and mentally exhausting but very rewarding. If I absolutely hated it the decision wouldn’t be so hard. But I know I’d love this other position 10x more. And not come home mentally and physically exhausted everyday. 



Update:
The manager called me with an unofficial offer and do to some credentials I carried, it bumped my job code up and increased my starting pay to almost what I make now. It’s maybe 80c per hour different. However I will work 4 extra hours a week and end up breaking even. My decision was made for me! Low stress job, weekends off, same schedule as significant other, with the same pay!! 

Thanks for all your advice though. It did help tremendously.