Going to leave my suicide letter here
I only have ever wanted to feel love.  I’ve always wanted to be loved.  But I struggle to feel connected to people, I struggle to believe that anyone in my life loves me.  I’m deeply convinced that nobody does.  

If there’s anything that I’ve learned in life, it’s that people can really fucking leave you.  And I could never understand why.  But “love” has always been conditional - be good, behave, don’t let your sadness show - and only then you’ll be loved.  It’s my fault people leave.  I always do something to mess it up.  Because I’ve never understood how to relate to others.  

People have told me I’m too difficult to love.  People have left me after seeing how sad and anxious I really get.  I’ve been told my entire life that my body is not okay and not worthy of being seen.  

I’ll never forget the therapist that ruined my life forever.  He diagnosed me, looked me right in the eyes, and told me I’d never have normal relationships ever again.  My life felt like it ended that day.  I was fifteen.  I’ve never been the same since.  Since then, I’ve felt like I was born wrong.  My entire existence was a mistake.  I was inherently beyond repair.  Nobody would ever love me again.  

Rejection.  Over and over again.  

I’m not worth being loved.  I’m not worth anyone’s time.  I don’t deserve safety or comfort.  

I feel empty.  I can’t see any life in my own eyes anymore.

I’ve hung on as long as I could in the hopes that someone would just stay with me.  I’ve bargained with myself, I’ve said well, if no one can love me, I’ll let someone abuse me if it meant they just stayed in my life.

And now, I’m almost 29, and I am truly alone.  I have no one I can talk to.  No one that knows just how dark it really gets sometimes.  I feel connected to no one.  I don’t feel safe around anyone.  Friendships feel superficial.  Dating and relationships are far too difficult.  Sex doesn’t feel good.  Companionship seems impossible.  

I don’t have anyone.

Maybe there are some people in the world that are just kind of meant to be discarded and forgotten about.  Maybe I’m one of those people, even though I’ve tried to make something of myself.

I just wanted to be loved.  That’s all.  I just wanted to know what love feels like so bad.

My therapist was really my last hope that maybe someone could stay in my life.  That maybe someone liked me.  I haven’t been able to cope without her.  Now that she’s out of my life, I truly am alone.  I don’t have anyone I feel like I can depend on anymore.  No one that supports me.  No one I can talk to.

Honestly, in my wildest fantasies, I just wanted someone to hold me and tell me they love me.  Tell me I’m a good kid.  That I’m doing a good job.  That I’m a sweet boy.  That I’m lovable.  That they will stay with me.  That I’m good enough.  That my body is okay and nothing is wrong with it.  That I don’t need to work so hard to get people to like me.  I wish someone could just look at me and tell me I’m okay exactly as I am.   

Being good enough is really one of my wildest dreams.  As long as I can remember, I’ve never been good enough and I always put in so much effort to make up for it in other ways.  But it’s exhausting now.  I’m tired. 

I don’t want to do this, but I know I have to.  After my body is found and I’m confirmed dead, I’d like to be cremated.  All of my belongings can be discarded.  My cats can go to loving homes - I’m hoping maybe people I know.  My social media can be taken down.  I imagine work and life will go on as normal.  

If my body is found and I’m not dead - I do not want to be on life support, I do not want to be resuscitated, I don’t want to be in any kind of vegetative state.  I do not want any type of end of life care.  I want to be euthanized as quickly as possible.  Under no circumstances do I want to be kept alive.  

I’m sorry.  I just wanted to know what love felt like.