Which grad school option is better?
Below are the details of my dilemma over whether to continue in an expensive but well-regarded HESA program or switch to a less well known program which would be free after 6 months at my new job. I'd appreciate any feedback. Thanks!

I am currently in the first semester of a two-year masters program in Higher Education and Student Affairs at school A. I have a paid graduate assistant position with tuition remission at school A. However, I just accepted a job offer for a full-time position at another college, school B. This position will start next semester. School B also has a HESA masters program and they offer full tuition remission after 6 months of employment. I believe I'd be able to transfer my credits from school A to school B, but need to verify that. School A seems to have a better program in terms of resources, research opportunities, range of courses available, and networking.

School A is a large private research university. It is definitely more well-known, more highly ranked, and much more "prestigious" than school B. School A is much more convenient to my house (15 min. commute vs. 1 hour commute), and I would be happy to work there at a later point in my career. School B is a smaller, private comprehensive university and my impression is that it is not well-known outside this region. Now that I won't be a graduate assistant at school A anymore, I would have to pay full tuition if I continue in the program at school A.

My question is whether I should continue with my masters at school A now that I'll have to pay the full (expensive) tuition. How much does prestige matter in our field? 

I should mention that thanks to my partner's generous salary it would not be a financial hardship to pay for 1 class per semester at school A, but of course I don't want to unnecessarily spend the money if continuing to attend school A won't make much of a difference in my future career opportunities. 

Thanks for any input!

Edited to add another detail: A couple HESA students I spoke to at school B said the program is quite disorganized and overall they did not seem very pleased with it. The program is a lot smaller than school A's program, FWIW.