(23m) Communication graduate, four years unemployed.
Get all the jokes out of the way early, I know my degree means fluff.

Now to specifics. I'm in my fourth year of no full-time work. Over the years I have honed my applications, resume and interview tactics to a fine art - the problem is, everything comes up green except the actual job. It started with a marketing position at the head office of the company I currently work for (casual). After taking me under their wing, the state manager pretty much guaranteed me the job ("apply for this and you'll get it"), and then right through the interview process was "your resume is outstanding".

I didn't get the job.

So I didn't give up. I kept applying through tonnes of rejections, until I conveniently found another job at my current company. Again made it right through to second place, being told everything was perfect, even when I asked for feedback.

I didn't get the job.

I then found a startup company, who loved me. They even said they went out of their way for a second interview because I was exactly the candidate they were looking for. They excitedly told me they'd be in touch until I received a phone call in a regretful tone from the hiring manager.

I didn't get the job.

I turned to free internships and free labour as a means of getting my foot in the door. The companies used my ideas I pitched to them and gave other individuals the actual internship (this one especially stung as my ideas were splashed all over their websites).

Today I just scored a second interview with a new job, and was praised for my "entrepreneur attitude". The problem is I'm worried history is just going to repeat itself a fourth time. I get it, that's the job life, but four years unemployed is not normal for even my unluckiest of friends.

**The Problem**

I feel like it's a literal impossibility to me to get a full time job now. Over the past four months I've submitted easily 80+ applications and tonnes of internship enquiries. Either they are ignored, rejected or lead nowhere. I can't even find opportunities to gain experience as they're either targeted at uni students or any mentioned as any demographic but me (white, straight male which has disqualified me from several internship opportunities).

I can't afford to go back and study as I can't even pay off my current uni degree loans. Worst of all my casual job has started removing shifts so I may as well be unemployed now. What do I do? Where do I look and how do I keep up hope?