Is a 'Conjoint' Bachelor's degree (Bachelor of Business/Bachelor of Arts, 4 year degree) gained in New Zealand marketable in the United States?
I am currently halfway through a conjoint Bachelor's degree in my home country of New Zealand. The specific degree is a [Bachelor of Business/Bachelor of Arts](https://www.massey.ac.nz/massey/learning/programme-course/programme.cfm?prog_id=93156) which I am studying at Massey University. My majors are Management and Economics, respectively. 

I am a dual citizen of the United States and NZ and have wanted to live in the US for a while now. I initially planned on moving after I finished high school, but decided to stay and complete my degree in NZ as tuition is so much cheaper here. I started off doing the 3-year Bachelor of Business degree, but a family member in the US told me that he thought a 3-year degree would not be marketable in the United States and said I should try to find a 4-year degree which recruiters would see as equivalent to a 4-year American Bachelor's degree. I found the conjoint program which seemed like a great option as it allowed me to attain two 3-year degrees over 4 years. 

Basically, I have two questions. Is this a marketable degree in the US? Generally speaking, would this be comparable to a 4-year Bachelor's degree in the eyes of a recruiter, or possibly even stronger? I'm not too picky about which field I work in, but I'd rather not complete another degree (i.e. an MBA) after completing this conjoint degree as I will have had enough of studying by that point. I'm not ruling out the possibility of completing an MBA or similar further down the track, but it's not something I'd like to do right now. 

My second question is; I have been studying over the summer and not taken any breaks since starting my degree as I don't want to take a long break if it's not necessary. I have already done one semester last summer and will be beginning another summer school semester in a couple of weeks. After the summer school semester, I will only have 14 classes worth of credits to take. My plan was to split classes over the next 4 semesters so I took two semesters of 4 classes and two semesters of 3 classes. I intended on studying through both main semesters of 2020 and then going on to do summer school again over summer of 2020 (end of the year for us). Then I would only have one more semester worth of classes to complete (Semester One 2020), and could theoretically have completed the two Bachelor's degrees in June 2021. I began study in February 2018. So roughly 3 and a half years. I told the same US family member about this and he advised against it, saying:

> "You are pursuing a dual 4 year degree program so the degrees will be accepted by US employers as equivalent to a US 4 year bachelor degree.  So I think it best for you to take the full 4 years to get your 4 year degree.  Just spread it out appropriately.  Otherwise I can see confusion in the US as to whether you have an equivalent 4 year degree or you have two 3 year degrees which wouldn’t be seen as the same.  Take the full 4 years!"

Is this accurate information? It seems to me like it would be in my best interest to complete the degree as fast as I can, so long as I am motivated and able to do so. This would mean I can start looking for a job sooner and making a full-time income. I also have a long-term relationship and I plan on moving there with my GF and getting married, so completing the degree sooner would allow us to focus on this process and getting everything established in a new country. But I wouldn't want to rush the degree if it would hurt my chances of getting a job.

I am just feeling confused about a few things and would love advice from someone who better understands the system in the US and how international degrees such as mine are viewed. Thanks so much!