I’m fucked in the ass
China just passed the safety regulation law for Hong Kong, which is where i live.
I basically can’t say a single bad word about China, my browsing history and everything i do/ post including this one will soon be seen by the Chinese government. What can you do? Nothing. Maybe sign some petitions or something. We lost already. Our best hope is America or the UK interfering but it’s unlikely. Reddit will be banned in Hong Kong some time soon because china is gonna reclaim us as their land or something. wanted to say, it’s been a good run and i’m gonna have to start getting used to wechat and tiktok (ew). Hopefully someone makes a _safe_ and free vpn for us. Thank you for bringing me joy for slightly more than an year. I’m probably going to be a part of a mass genocide in the next tian an men square. Stay safe and protest/ pray for us. Good bye

Edit: hey i’m still alive. So the comments have been telling me to get a vpn. The problem is, my parents are FUCKING IDIOTS AND BELIEVE IN THE GOVERNMENT. They think it’s a good thing they passed the law and there’s nothing to worry about, so they wont pay/ let me pay using their credit card for a vpn so i’m trying to find some reliable vpn

Edit2: wow this blew up. Thank you for everyone who offered their nord von accounts. I just think it isn’t that fair for the people who actually paid for it. There are also people who need it instead of me. Thanks for all the support

Edit 3: dear kind redditor who gave me awards, you just wasted your awards on a person who soon cant even use reddit. But thank you. A lot of help people here taught me to download tor (yes im dumb) and for the people who think this is fake, this is a very serious post and if you think my post history has anything collided with this let me explain: A) porn hub isnt banned in hong kong
B) the reason animal crossing is banned in china is because some hong kongers made pro-hong kong banners in the game ( pretty dumb reason but yeah) so it’s not banned in hong kong
C) yes, we sold our apartment. I’m living at my grandma’s place. If you still think this is some sort of karma farm, just go eat a bag of dicks