I knew that the line of work that I love is tough, but sometimes it's tough in unexpected ways.
I went to law school to become a public defender. I wanted to fight for people who didn't have anyone to fight for them -- the folks who were last in line. Well, I wound up in a private firm, doing criminal defense work while waiting to take the bar exam. 

I love the field. I believe in it. I know it's definitely not for everyone, and that's good -- the world needs good police and prosecutors, too. It also needs good defense attorneys. At any rate, I always figured that the strain of the work would come from representing people you didn't like or knew to be guilty. Strangely enough, I like most of our clients (I guess I can usually find something to like in most people), and I've got no qualms with the guilty. We're all human, and I'm pretty sure we've all fallen short. 

But something's been eating me up lately, and I'm really not sure what to do about it or how to address it. We represented someone who was charged with rape some time ago. We investigated, and presented our side of the case, and the charges were dismissed, evidently because the grand jury didn't believe the complaining witness.

Then, shortly thereafter, she killed herself.

I can't seem to shake it...it's been on my mind a lot. I've lost a few friends recently to suicide, and so I've had to wrestle a lot with it. I know that people make their own choices in the end, and maybe there's really no way to ever know why someone does what they do.

But I can't help but feel responsible in some way, even if, intellectually, I know I'm not, that we didn't do anything dirty, etc. 

I just...I fucking hurt so bad for her and her family. The last two women I was in love with were both raped, one while I was in a relationship with her, and I was right there with both of them while they struggled with whether or not to go to the police, and with their emotions, their feelings of being devalued, how they felt alienated, how one of them was ostracized from her group of friends because the person who raped her was also a part of that group and was more popular than her. I remember during first year finals that I was studying at her house to just be there for her despite us being broken up for some time because she had no one else to talk to.

So...it brings all that shit back for me. I don't guess there's anything to be done. It's just an awful situation, and I feel like I'd get weird looks if I talked to my co-workers about what was bugging me. So thanks for letting me vent.