Should I phone back this employer?
A month ago I applied for a software co-op position with Employer 1. I got an interview, after which they said they said I wasn't qualified, but they liked me a lot and got me an interview with their hardware team (who had no co-op position plans at the time) instead as this was more in my domain and they might want to hire a co-op. I was thrilled with this, and the interview went very well. They asked me for references and said they'd get back to me early in the next week. On Friday of that next week, they sent me an e-mail saying they hit a budget snag and would get back to me after a budget meeting the week after, and wanted to let me know in case I had any other offers or options in there interim. I said no, and that I was happy to wait, and they said they'd be i contact.

Of course, right after I sent that email, I got another interview (which also went well, but I wouldn't end up getting an offer for) and employer 2 said they'd get back to me the next day. This prompted me to send Employer 1 an e-mail asking when their meeting was and when I could expect to hear back. This was two weeks ago and I have heard nothing. 

Would it be reasonable to now give them a phone call and ask about the position, and if they aren't giving me an offer, whether it was for qualification concerns or budget issues? Or should it be obvious that they're blowing me off? The fact that they emailed me about the budget problem, instead of just denying me, makes me think that they would have given me an offer if there wasnt a monetary issue...but it has been forever since my last contact...but I also know these kinds of things can take forever on the corporate end. 

This would be a wonderful work term that would absolutely jumpstart my career in this field so I really feel like I should persist a little, just in case.

Timeline for clarity:

Week 1: Phone interview on Tuesday

Week 2: Worksite interview on Friday

Week 3: Email on Friday about the budget meeting

Week 4: Tuesday I email asking about when I can expect to hear back

Week 5: Nada

Week 6: Now