I feel like this stage of "I guess I'll just have to power through it" has been going on my entire life. Life doesn't feel worth living if I'm constantly having to work to get through it.
I have suffered from anxiety/depression my entire life. My depression has gotten so bad the past couple years. I lost every single one of my friends, no longer have the support of certain family members, my co-workers hate me, and my physical health is lacking. I don't drive, still live with parents, and only work 4hour shifts 4 days a week. I'm in my early 20s.

Since February of this year, I have been so fixated on the idea of taking my own life, but I know that I'm just getting my hopes up with the idea of having some kind of control, I would never be able to go through with doing it as I'm afraid of the pain.

I started seeing my old therapist again a couple months ago, and though it is nice to have someone to talk to that will give me advice, I feel that I'm just a lost cause. I understand therapy is a slow process but I am descending faster than I ever have before. I told him I was open to getting on medication, I was supposed to see a psychiatrist a couple weeks ago and be prescribed medication but my mom refuses to take me. She thinks that giving me some of her anxiety medication would work but I've tried it before back in HS and it just made me gain weight and feel like more of a piece of shit.

So all I can do now is wallow in my own self-pity and loneliness until I waste away into nothing or finally grow the ladyballs and take my life. I'm tired of telling myself that I'm just gonna have to power through it because I have been trying to power through this lowest pit of depression I've ever been in for over 2 years and nothing has worked. Weed is only a temporary release and it's always 50/50 on whether or not it'll make me feel even worse when I'm high plus it slows me down and has been making me more depressed long-term. I went through a sexual phase because any kind of affection made me feel better for a little while, now everyone knows me as an ugly sad hoe.

I don't even know why I typed all this out. I'm just done, honestly. I'm done trying. I shouldn't have to struggle just to wake up every day.