When does it make sense to start over post-PhD?
Venting time. In my late 30s, graduated with a masters 9 years ago and a PhD just over a year ago--both related to park-management in a developing country context--have done absolutely nothing since. Have no professional experience or skills that are sought after in the general job market and jobs in my area of expertise are extremely rare (have sent 6 jobs applications in the past year). Only have one publication to date and no history of independently obtaining research funds so post-doc opportunities aren't happening either. 

Right around the time I graduated I thought my prospects were looking up. A government agency in one of the countries I did my research in wanted to hire me to do a project and had me outline a contract for it. Also, my adviser and I also worked on a proposal for a separate project that would give me a job for the next 2 years and serve as a platform for a lot more research. 

Long story short, the government agency gets back to me months later, not with a completed contract, but to inform me that they since realized they can't hire me directly and have to put the project out for tender (which I can't bid on myself since I'm a foreigner). So the contract I wrote, which is based entirely on my dissertation, ends up going to a consulting firm that's only interested the occasional skype call with me as a courtesy. Then I just find out today that the major proposal my adviser and I worked on was rejected because my adviser didn't fill out a certain form completely.  

I have spent the better part of the last year thinking at least one of these opportunities would materialize. I am now in the most desperate position I have ever been in my life and I'm not young anymore. I can't imagine being in a more humiliating position than I'm already in, so what I'm wondering is whether I need to start over and pursue another masters degree? Perhaps in something more marketable? I had no idea what a dead end a PhD would be if you weren't successful enough at it. For all my adult life I thought I was working towards a certain career path but since graduating it feels like my life is over. 

I guess just so this post isn't a pure rant, would I at least have some post-doc prospects if I could get 1 or 2 more publications out?