My mom passed away from cancer a month and nine days ago
I've posted about this on reddit before but it's keeping me up tonight. It's going to be really long, not expecting anyone to necessarily read it all.

My mom raised me as a single mother and we had no other family close by until my dad moved back when I was eleven, but he didn't live with us so it always felt like it was just me and her. She was diagnosed with stage 4 vulvar cancer when I was 16, and fought that for awhile with chemo, radiation, and talks of one of the most radical surgeries you can possibly get, until she was diagnosed with lung cancer (one lung so bad it was pretty much completely gone). I guess five months ago... wow, it feels much longer than that, like it feels like it's been much longer than a month and some change since her death... but I guess about five months ago she went into a hospice facility and was categorized as "days to weeks" left.

Before she went into hospice it was only me caring for her once she was bedridden but it was really easy until she started getting more and more confused. The cancer had probably spread to her brain or if not it was finally the meds taking their toll on her (vulvar cancer is one of the most painful cancers you can get, the amount of morphine and other drugs she was on was absolutely insane, but she was still in constant, often excruciating pain). That's when I first started feeling alone, despite having people that cared for me (especially my dad, my aunt in Florida, etc), because it no longer felt like I had my mom.

When she went into hospice it was one of the hardest days of my life, definitely harder than the day she was diagnosed and I can't begin to imagine how hard it was for her. She never wanted that (she saw her mom go into a nursing home), and I didn't want it for her either, it was actually a total shock to me when I was, essentially, informed of the decision. I'd talked with the hospice people extensively one day, and the next day they woke me up by calling and saying she needed to be moved into a facility that day when everyone had left things on a completely different note as far as I knew. They were certain she needed the round the clock care and a better environment, and I couldn't really argue with them. My mom had no idea either, and telling her is an experience I've almost completely blocked out mentally, I remember the rest of the day pretty clearly but the only thing about that I recall is me trying not to cry and her crying and being confused.

It turned out to be the best thing that could have happened though. The residence was less than a year old, held thirty total residents but was only opened up for ten or so at the time and the waiting list was already ridiculously long, but one of the reasons the hospice people were so hasty is because me being a minor taking care of her apparently shot us to the top of the pile, at least according to one of the nurses that raved about it. It was absolutely wonderful and very comforting in every aspect. The hospital beds didn't look like hospital beds, they were furnished with wood and whatnot, the halls and rooms felt very "home-y", and the staff were fucking AMAZING, a lovely fireplace area, a beautiful courtyard, etc. Not at all like the nursing home I remember my grandma being put in, with its white walls and hospital vibe. Or like any of the horror stories you hear on the news sometimes about the less than caring staff at some of these facilities. Almost everyone went well above and beyond for both my mom and me, and she hit it off with a lot of them immediately, some of them genuinely becoming friends to us.

In there she had good and bad phases. Sometimes she'd be confused for weeks at a time, not remembering any of it, other times she'd just be herself. After awhile she began having phases where for days up to a week at a time she'd be passed out 24/7. But she lasted a little over four months in there, through several times the doctors had re-categorized her as "hours to days" and we were prepared for her passing, honestly stunning everyone. She really wanted to see me turn 18. It didn't seem entirely likely or unlikely, but I was still mentally prepared for it to not happen, the weeks leading up to it she had had one of her worst spells yet. My birthday was May 26th and she lived until July 18th. She was even in such a good, clear phase mentally that despite her body actively failing her, she managed to orchestrate a surprise party for me.

But after that she kept having longer bad phases that got worse and worse. She'd lost a lot of weight from the beginning, going through the chemo, she was down to around 100 from 135 or so but at the very end she rapidly lost weight. She stopped eating entirely, rarely being able to handle shakes/smoothies, was unable to take her meds, etc. Right before she passed she was easily down to 70 lbs and I remember going to see her one night with my dad and walking in the room and looking at her and only being able to think "oh my god, she just looks like death". Before then it had been getting harder and harder to see her but that night I could only stand to stay 15-20 minutes and that was only because we wanted to hit her morphine pump for her again (it was on a timer and it was given to her so she could hit it as needed on top of her regular meds, but at that time she was unable to, completely out of it/unresponsive). A piece of her ear looked like it had just gotten sliced off with an extremely sharp blade somehow, but her skin was so degraded from the cancer by that point the nurses could hardly move her around the bed without it literally... well I'm not going to finish that thought. I took a picture of her for some reason, because I just couldn't believe it, how bad she looked. I was going to send it to my aunt but I decided against it, she didn't need to see her that way. It stayed on my phone for awhile after she passed until I brought myself to finally delete it one night because it was haunting me.

The whole time she was in hospice and a week and a half or so after she passed I lived in the house alone, except for when my aunt came down and stayed. My dad made it clear his home was my home and I was welcome any time, for however long, be it days or for good, and my aunt offered to stay as long as I needed her to, some of my mom's oldest friends offered me places to stay as well, but I felt like I needed to be alone. During that time I sort of half grieved I guess. Many nights I laid in bed thinking over and over about her dying, I dreamed about it. That first night alone in the house was the only time through the whole ordeal I let myself cry without holding it back.

It felt like I had already lost my mom in many ways. She wasn't dead, but she moved out to be on her death bed. Her simply being in a place like that, despite how wonderful it was and the privacy we were given, made our relationship change because we were never really alone again. A lot of the time she wasn't there mentally.

The day she passed the nurses had called me around 7-8 am and told me they were expecting it to be soon, in all likelihood that day, so I should come down as soon as possible if I wanted to see her. I didn't want to. I called my dad and my aunt and told them and talked to them. My dad didn't really believe it (after all the times she'd surprised us before, I can't blame him - I should say here they had grown extremely close again, she met him when she was 14 and they always loved each other very much despite not being always together) but my aunt basically talked me into going down there. She didn't say I should, she tried to leave it up to me, but after our talk I felt certain I needed to.

When I saw her she was awake, responsive, interactive, but she couldn't talk - for the first time completely unable to. We had to use signals, mainly for when she wanted water, because she could no longer handle drinking, I had to dip a mouth swab sponge thingy in some water and let her suck on it, but even that was too much for her. Sounded like every single breath was an absolute struggle. I stayed for a couple of hours or so, maybe less, before I just had to go. I didn't feel bad about this before because I knew she'd have understood and I decided I wouldn't beat myself up over it because she and I both knew just how much I loved her and if it was so much I had to leave, there's nothing I could've done about it I told myself; I had to care for myself as well, if it was too painful to handle I needed to not push myself too far. I obviously feel a little bad about it now, but I'm eternally grateful that fate ended up so that the nurse on shift for her that day happened to be one of her best friends, one of the most caring and comforting people I've ever met. She moved her nurses' station into my mom's room and sat right beside her bed the entire time until she passed. If it wasn't for that I truly don't know how I would have let myself live knowing I left her alone despite what I told myself.

A couple of hours later I had to get out of the house so I rode to the store on my bike, it was a pretty nice day out. I tried to be normal, I don't know how to explain it, but I knew she was going to die that day yet I'd spent countless days thinking that already. I happened to call the nurse to check in on her in the parking lot and she said she was doing about the same. On my ride home, maybe two minutes later, the phone rang and I answered it while I was still riding, it was the nurse telling me that she went back in right after getting off the phone from me to see that she had just passed. I knew what the call was going to be and I always got off my bike (biking is a hobby of mine) to answer a call, so I don't know what to make of me not stopping. You'd think you would stop doing whatever you're doing when you know you're about to hear your mom has passed away. I don't know, I guess I just find it interesting. Although probably I just really wanted to get home.