Are my coworkers (and possibly me) about to be laid off?
UPDATE: Both of the coordinators were fired for poor performance, not laid off/let go. At the 10 o’clock meeting, our supervisor let us know what happened and divvied up our new responsibilities. We were also politely threatened that we would be next if we can’t keep up with the new load of work, and reminded that we are being monitored 100% of the time. This is a state job, so the COVID hiring freeze could continue up to a year. There’s a whole load of toxic patterns in this position, so I plan on doing my best to secure another position and leave since I’m 110% sure I’m next to be fired. Thank you to everyone who responded, having some insight helped me tremendously!

——————-

This is my first job out of college so I’d appreciate some insight on this weird situation. I work on a team of 5 research coordinators as the only research assistant, and yesterday 2 of our team members received emails that they will have individual meetings with our supervisor, boss, and the department’s HR guy on Friday 5/15. 

Their meetings are scheduled at 9:00am and 9:30am. The remaining 3 of us have been sent a meeting for the same day at 10:00am, where all 3 of us will be in the meeting together. We’re apparently expected to give an overview of what we do each day and are responsible for, even though we all check in daily through email (because we’re teleworking).

I’ve already heard that studies have been taken from the 2 research coordinators who received emails and given to the others. Which makes me think they’ll be laid off at their meetings tomorrow. Does anyone know if that’s what this sounds like? And why the 3 of us will have to explain what we do on a regular basis, minutes after the other meetings end?

They can’t let us all go because our multiple studies would completely fall apart, so I imagine they’ll at least keep 2 coordinators. I’m only the assistant so I’m genuinely shocked I’m not currently set to have a mandatory individual meeting with the HR guy...

It’s felt like we’ve had to “sell” ourselves multiple times over the past few weeks and basically provide an argument on why we’re a necessary part of the team. I’m wondering when this will end and if I’ll always have to fight periodically just to keep this job. Any insight would be incredibly helpful, thanks for reading.