Just graduated from college today, planning on taking my life tonight.
Like the title says, today I received my bachelors in medical lab science and have every intention of taking my life tonight. I am not sure why I am making this post, maybe its a cry for help or just a way to make me feel like at least one person knows why I took my life on a day I was supposed to be happy.

Here's my story for anyone who cares to hear it. I grew up in a household with a very verbally and occasionally physically abusive father and a mother who could do very little to stop what was happening considering she was just as much a victim as I was. I also have a younger brother who my father favors and can do no wrong. Growing up, I would get yelled at for the smallest things and had to be careful whenever I did anything whilst my brother was apparently special and needed his space so he could do whatever he wanted. He didn't have anything wrong with him, like a mental/physical disability, he just was allowed to live how he wanted while I took the blame. He ended up dropping out of school first year of high school and working with my father in construction while I went on to college.

Where I live, the minimum wage is far below what is the minimum you need to live. This meant that even working a job while going to college, I had no choice but to live at home. My family problems became less of an impact when I simply locked myself in my room the moment I got home. It was normal for me to never speak to or even look one of my family members in the eye for weeks to months at a time. That being said, it comes to no surprise that nobody in my family attended graduation. They probably didn't even realize I had graduated at all.

Life at school wasn't any better for me. I was overweight and not exactly the most attractive person so I was more or less left alone save for a few bullies here and there. I never really had any real life friends and it became customary for me to find a quiet spot away from everyone and eat alone during lunch and attend my classes quietly. Even if I wanted to talk to others, I found that incredibly difficult because of severe social anxiety. So I just went class to class, graduated high school, did the same in college. Never having friends never really bothered me probably because I don't know what having a real life friend is even like in the first place.

The only part of my life I would have considered to be somewhat decent or even normal would have been when I logged into WoW. I was about 13 or 14 when I first started playing and that was the only time I ever found a place I felt like I belonged. I eventually got used to getting know know people through them talking to each other over ventrilo (I very rarely spoke and never on coms) and I felt like I belonged even if i was just some quiet kid on the side. Eventually what I would consider to be the highlight of my life going forward would have been when I became very close with someone I met in my current guild. We were both 15 and became very close and eventually became a couple. We were together for 7 years and helped each other finish high school and get into college. Because of circumstances, we never ended up meeting in real life over those 7 years, mostly due to her mother being extremely over protective. Despite that we spoke and played many video games together over those years. Neither of us had real life friends, but that never mattered because it was us against the world.

It was 2017 when she left me without a word or reason. She had been depressed (not eating, staying home from class, ect.) for about 3 or 4 months prior and I did everything I could to try to lighten her day best I could but it seems that nothing worked. This was all very stressful for me and I am sure I might have said somethings out of frustration from time to time, but all I ever did was try to help. I was trying to plan a trip to visit her, but that wasn't easy considering we lived of opposite sides of the US. Before I was able to finish planning out the trip she suddenly blocked me on everything and I never heard from her ever again.

The following two years were a living hell for me. I had been accepted into the medical laboratory science program at my college just one month prior to her disappearing. The whole reason I pursued that degree and career was so that I could easily find a fairly high paying job anywhere in the country because of the high demand for medical lab techs. The plan was to graduate and find a job immediately in her state and move there to be with her. However she was gone now, I was still accepted to the program, and had nothing else in my life so I just kept going with the program. Flash forward to today, I've now graduated and even have a job in my field already (note new hire wage doesn't even pay enough to live on your own in this state) but I feel completely empty. The whole speech about how we will go forward into our careers didn't even feel directed towards me, and all the congratulations felt wasted on me.

I know I planned my entire life around someone who I've never met in person and I am fully aware how stupid that is. Honestly I expected things to work out better considering we had been happy together for a 3rd of my life up to that point, but regardless of that I know how dumb I am. My entire life has been a joke and even the biggest accomplishment of most peoples lives today, for me, was just a joke set up by another joke.

This is why I have every intention of ending my life tonight. I have no family that will care enough if I am gone, no friends that will miss me, i'm sure my boss won't be happy that I am gone but I was only still a trainee anyways so losing me won't affect anyone's schedules, and my position will be filled by my classmate who deserves the job more than I do anyways.

Sorry for this being so long (23 years is hard to condense but I did my best), maybe didn't make any sense at times, and I am not sure this is even the right place to post considering I've never posted on reddit before so if it gets removed that's okay. Maybe at least one stranger will read this and know why I died since I don't plan to leave a suicide or anything of the like so I guess this will be it. Thank you to whoever reads this for taking the time to learn about me and maybe even care that I died.

Edit: Thank you everyone for your kindness, it really does mean a lot to me. I struggle a lot when it comes to talking to people and I find it hard to reply to comments but just know that I am reading them and can't thank all of you who have shared your stories enough. I'm going to keep fighting today and try to get through today best I can.