Finished college but don't know how to find a job
I just finished college 2 months ago with a degree in interpersonal communications and a minor in English. I graduated with no internship experience nor I have connections (I spend a good chunk of my college life working at low end jobs to pay off bills and dealing with mental issues). The only work experiences or any random experience I have is the following:

1.Working as a supervisor in a fast food store

2.Cashier and Line cook at a restaurant

3.I made one website on square space

4.Made one 2 minute video from raw footage (basic video editing skills)

5. As a library page

I don't know where to look for a job. So far I've only been going on Glassdoor and Indeed. Don't know where else to look for a job. Half of my friends don't work and my family doesn't speak English, so I can't ask them. I got no connections.

I apply to all types of jobs that are listed as entry level or I have experience in. For example:

1. Social Media marketing
2. Restaurant Supervisor or shift leader
3. Customer service representative
4. Retail jobs
5. Public Relations
6. Receptionist or Clerk
7. Bank teller

Every job I have been applying to are entry level jobs that pays bare minimum and I still can't get a reply back. I don't have a career I want to focus on at the moment because well, I go with the flow. Whatever industry I land in (beside the food industry), I'll focus on that industry.

Also, My resume just list my education, my skills, like knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and my experience as a Library page and supervisor. I explain what my roles were and how my role was important. I don't really write a cover letter, well because I don't know what to write in it. I google it, I'm still batshit confused.

My question is, where do I look for jobs beside Indeed and Glassdoor. Is there any tricks to getting a job? What should I write in my resume? What should I do? Should I try for a internship? Should I go back to school for another degree?