Boss doesn't like my face. Literally. Should I ride it out assuming she can't do much more than be annoying about it, confront it, or start submitting resumes elsewhere and hope being ugly isn't such a universal drawback?
 

Female, in case it matters, which I suspect it does, sadly. I'm fairly ugly. I'm not severely physically deformed or such, but I'm just plain old ugly; huge round droopy nose, sunken in eyes a little too close together, Dwayne's syndrome so one of my eyes doesn't turn outward all the way which leads to a head tilt to compensate, almost no distinction between my chin and my neck, Rosacea means I always look as red as if it'd just run a marathon at all times, gangly and bony. I've worked in programming all of my adult life and generally haven't had to interact with people face to face which helps. On the phone, I have good rapport with end users; fortunately my voice isn't too bad. About a year ago I got transferred to a new office in a new position under a new boss due to some company mergers and such.

I was recently passed up for a promotion in favor of a coworker I trained, whom I was still training at the time of the interview, who has become my supervisor. The two of us were the only ones who applied. She's wholly competent and also has former supervisory experience in another field whereas I have only ever done programming. I'm not displeased with her as a supervisor, nor do I think she is undeserving, even though I'd obviously have preferred the position myself. But I asked what I did wrong in the interview and my boss said it was a fine interview but that I lacked certain soft skills, and lamented it was her fault for never giving me training on expected manners and hygiene.

I shower daily, I use deodorant, I brush twice a day and usually do a mouthwash rinse at lunch so I can't imagine I smell too bad. I wear typical khakis and collared unpatterned shirts, so I'm certain I'm dressed appropriately even if not femininely or stylishly. I've had several performance reviews, none of which have ever had any criticisms whatsoever. Three in a row of just "keep doing what you're doing." I've requested and gotten pay raises from past supervisors as I've made contributions and the like.

I interviewed for a promotion (same job, different title = more pay situation) and got it. I've interviewed for this two times prior and hadn't gotten it, and this was the first time my boss was not on the interview panel, but my (new) supervisor was. Last interview for it was a month prior, so no major changes in my qualifications or achievements. A part of me suspected this was not a coincidence that my boss was not on the deciding panel for the first time when I got it, but I get my pay raise, so I'm happy.

Due to COVID-19, we have limited staff in the physical office. I go in twice a week to handle database matters which can't be done remotely due to requiring a direct network connection rather than VPN. My supervisor is also there on one of those days. She had said yesterday that our boss demanded my ID badge photo be changed, because mine was "unacceptable." The badge photos are generally taken by a staff member whose entire job is to assure it's an acceptable photo. It's been acceptable this long. It's about two years old, but I've never heard of anyone getting a new picture; there are people in the office who are 60+ who have their ID badge with a photo from when they were hired in their 30s.

The HR processing team is not physically in the office, so my supervisor has to take the photo with her phone. We do that first thing in the morning and get back to work. She comes over a few hours later and says the boss didn't like it, that I must smile "better." My mouth is uneven and my teeth are crooked. My entire face is off center. I repeat, I'm not a pretty girl. Trying to force an even smile looks very awkward and more like a cringe than a smile. Sure enough, this one is shot down, too. The boss tells my supervisor I must wear my hair a certain way in the picture (my standard hair style is just straight down flat, nothing special or weird). We have to reshoot three times, each time my supervisor thinking it looks fine, before the boss will accept a picture.

All I can assume is that my boss just doesn't like my face. Are there any other suggestions for me besides "try to look better" ?

I'm okay with being ugly, but if I take particular pains to try to look pretty it becomes depressing because it's impossible, or because it would be great effort, money and discomfort just trying to look normal rather than ugly. In an age where everybody has self esteem issues and depression and anxiety, I'm quite mentally hardy, I'm physically fit, I do triathlons as a hobby, I'm successful in a career that requires a certain degree of intelligence, I volunteer at an animal shelter and feel a general sense of connection to my community and purpose and all that; I like myself when I don't have to try too hard to be something I'm not: pretty.

Should I hold out and hope she retires soon? Seek employment elsewhere? Count on my supervisor to be less biased and be a sort of shield?