Free food etiquette, "from the other side"
I am also a grad student and I like to eat. I have attended events where free food was a big part of my motivation, and I often eat my fill. And I like providing people with food and hate food waste.

However, now that I have been helping my advisor organize a conference at our school, we unfortunately had to "kick out" a few people who came just for the food and did so in a stupid, arrogant and/or disruptive way. So I would like to give some guidelines to new students at my school, and generally everyone interested in free food, to increase chances of actually getting food and avoiding getting kicked out and awkward situations. Of course, this is open to discussion and criticism, but here's what I've come up with from this experience:

\- If the attendees are paying to attend the event (e.g., it's a not-only-internal conference), you most likely can't just enter and help yourself. Don't try to lie your way in, or at least not in a stupid way - don't say you are an organizer / an organizer's student, because these people asking you who you are at the entrance are likely to be the organizers' students themselves or to call and check. There may be a back door through which you still can enter...

\- In any case, if you intend to mix in with the attendees, dress appropriately so that you don't stand out too much: at least it needs to be clean, without visible holes, and fancier than old sweatpants+sweatshirt. The standards may be higher if there are important guests (e.g., professors) from countries with higher clothing standards, such as most of Europe and Southeast Asia, and some organizers care to not be embarrassed about that. \[I am in Israel, where this especially needs to be said, but this should also be an important notice for many students in/from some other countries such as the US.\]

\- Eat politely and moderately enough to not attract attention. If there is only a little food (compared to the number of people present), don't try to stuff yourself, but only take one serving (until the attendees have finished eating).

\- Don't say anything offensive or controversial; if someone tries to make small talk with you, usually the best strategy is to get them to talk about their work.

\- If it is a sort of a sit-down meal, if tables and chairs are provided especially for the event, most likely the chairs and cutlery are counted and extra people will be noticed, and a problem as some of the actual attendees won't get a sensible place to sit. I just sent such extra, unregistered students (and some registered students who brought them) to eat in the hallway, where there happened to be some more tables and chairs, as we had a plenty of food so the only problem was sitting space, but some organizers may be less accommodating.

\- Usually the safest, easiest and most reasonable strategy (especially if you can't dress and behave properly and/or are in a totally different field of studies) is coming right after the meal, i.e. right after the beginning of the following lecture, after the attendees entered the lecture hall, and helping yourself to the buffet leftovers. Politely asking the servers, cleaners and such staff about leftovers should also be fine (unless you are in a place where the local law forbids it). Obviously, don't try to fill leftovers containers while the attendees are still helping themselves.