A couple things I’ve learned after years of online dating/ dating in general…
\-Straight up ask guys what they are looking for. Make sure that you guys are on the same page. If he wants something causal and you are looking for a LTR, DO NOT TRY TO MAKE HIM CHANGE HIS MIND. You deserve someone who is looking for the same think as you

\-If a guy is not putting effort in the conversation chances are he is not that interested in you

\-People will come up with lame excuses to hide their bad behavior...."I don't believe in labels." During the first months of dating take these as a potential red flag

\-During the first months of dating never take his words too seriously. "I see a future together..." Wait until the honeymoon phase has faded away to understand his true intentions.

\-When you go on a first date, have zero expectations, even if you matched with the CEO of this Tech company. Some people are very different in person or hide their true personality over a "nice guy" facade. Tell yourself that you are just gonna enjoy the evening with some cool company.

\-Ask deep questions that go beyond superficial stuff as hobbies and music

\-Actions speak louder than words

\-Discuss stuff over FaceTime or in-person. Avoid disagreement over text. Some people are amazing writers that make you believe that they are willing to change.

\-The moment you feel that he is not putting effort into the relationship, confront him. If he doesn’t change… END IT. You deserve something better

\-Being someone’s gf is more than a title. Ask yourself, does he actually treats me like a SO?

\-Don’t come up with weird theories of why he is acting weird. "Maybe he hasn’t called me cause he is stressed." If someone is truly interested in you, they’ll take the time (This is true 90% of the time)…believe me

\-Never change your boundaries for a SO, if you are not ok with kissing on the first day don’t do it. Players seem to smell when people are willing to break their boundaries for love and they’ll often take advantage of you.

\-Successful career doesn’t indicate emotional maturity 

\-If you are looking for something meaningful don’t sleep with them right away. See if they are willing to get to known you 

\-Watch out for guys who often compare with their ex most of the times this indicates that they haven’t gotten over her

\- Don’t express your insecurities early on 
Is he ten times hotter than you? Is he your first bf? Do you feel that you are not attractive? 
If he asked you out on a date is because he finds you attractive. Players can smell insecurities, you are way more than just a pretty face :)

\- Ask yourself am I in love with the guy or am in love with the idea of being in love? 

\- Have a clear idea what you want but don’t got out of your way to accomplish it. Let’s say that you want a relationship, try to meet people and see if thing workout but don’t try to force it 

\- During the first months of dating take things slow. Don’t go out of your way to make him happy. 

This also applies to girls…..

Edit: I decided to put this bullet point together after reading so many post of people being played

Edit 2: Added the last three points