I'm making $13.50 per hour with an Aerospace Engineering degree. Need advice. It's really stressing me out.
I already posted this on 2 other subreddits and everyone has been of great help since I was keeping this to myself but the stress was too much and I wanted to talk to someone. 
And as someone who is an avid looker here on Povertyfinance, I wanted to hear your advice.

Long story short, I have an Aerospace Engineering degree with 1 year experience with the current company I work at. I started in production not working as an engineer but as a production employee, then moved to another position as a technician assistant operating HAAS machines, then to the office to work in the quality department as an administrator.
So far my hourly rate is $13.50 per hour. I haven't had a raise in a year or when I was moving up positions. I understand that it's really low for engineers but I had to take that offer last year because I had no experience. 
The company where I work at is currently having some slowdown in production but will eventually be more busy in the upcoming months. 
Should I wait a couple of months more for things to start picking up again or should I do it now? Not sure when it's the right time to do it since it's my first job out of college as an engineer. I have been given more responsibilities around the office as people have seen that I have the skills to do whatever they put me to do 

I currently live in California and not working as an Aerospace engineer but as a Quality administrator.


I love what I'm doing and my colleagues are awesome. Just the pay is what is really killing me since everything in California, especially in Orange County is really expensive and it's really frustrating and depressing. I can't relocate because I need to help my family. I'm single but I'm helping my sister who is a college student and parents who are of old age.

Edit: Im single currently live in California with an Aerospace Engineering degree. Currently not working as an Aerospace engineer but as a Quality administrator making $13.50 per hour. Best time to ask for a raise?

Edit: thank you to everyone who took the time to read my post and for your feedback. There was a lot of positive feedback and I am trying as fast as I can to reply to your messages. Thank you so much and I will keep you guys updated! :)