I lost my passion in music.
I’m 23, still didn’t finished my music degree and I feel like I don’t deserve to graduate from this course. I first studied AB English and told my dad that I can’t see my future with it. So, he allowed me to enroll a music degree. My major is Piano Concentration. I loved playing the piano since 7, though I wasn’t really good at it but I know how to play it. Since I got in a band in high school, that convinced my dad to take up Bachelor of Music. I started this course with [I think] 20% knowledge to Music Theory though I know how to read notes but not that fast. And I also started my First Proper Piano Lesson. I was doing great but my first piano teacher there keep on admiring advanced students instead of others like me and that made me miserable. I didn’t progress much.

By 3rd year, I had a new Piano Teacher and she was great. It made me go back to zero and that’s fine with me because I saw myself loving my passion again. I practice 6pm-9/10pm at school Mon-Sat. Until.... 1 night, a piano teacher came in my piano cubicle and told me that I am not allowed to practice there til 9/10pm because I AM NOT A ADVANCED STUDENT AND A RECITALIST. I told her that I need to practice in that kind of schedule because that’s the only time my body is productive to practice. So it’s like a body clock. On the other day, she reported me to the dean’s office and the dean told be that I shouldn’t be practicing on that schedule because it’s not in the rules. But I don’t remember that certain rule because I saw others practicing til 9pm so I thought it was okay. They still didn’t agree with me. After that discussion, I ran to the bathroom, cried so hard and called my dad about it. It was unfair. I was only doing it for myself because I want to be better. My dad bought me a 2nd hand electric piano so I can practice at my dorm. Everything went fine at first but I can’t get that incident out my head. It made me think that I’m a loser, talentless pianist there is in that school. That’s when I started to miss all my piano lessons and dropped my Piano Subject 3 times in a row.

It made me stayed in school since the 5th year. And I went to a psychiatrist to treat my traumas, my thoughts and insomnia. I was dianosed with depression with anxiety because of my thoughts of being afraid of what might happen next in the future. I’m terrified of tomorrows. That’s why I can’t sleep.

I moved to another piano teacher because I was so embarrassed to come back to my previous one. She already gave up on me because I wasn’t making any progress. And it’s a total humilliation to her reputation. I’m on my 7th year now and my current Piano Teacher is also great and he really wants me to graduate next year. He was patient of letting me going back to zero and gave me piano recital pieces that I can play. But my problem now is that, IT’S BACK. My demons are back and I haven’t returned to my psychiatrist since july. Because I’m afraid and my dad already used a lot of money for my mental health, sessions, medication and sleeping pills. I’m in a 3rd world country and we are not that rich.

I’m anxious that I might not graduate next year and it will make my parents misereble. I lost my passion in playing the piano that I can’t finish practicing 1 page in a day because of these thoughts and pain. 

I’m sorry for you to hear this. Because if I will not able to graduate next year. I will kill myself. I’m typing this 3 in the morning and crying. I haven’t told anyone that it’s back. Even my boyfriend. Everytime someone tries to cheer me up about my progress, I get depression. Imagine that. I getting depressed over positive things. I’m losing my mind, I feel so numb and I’m skipping piano classes again and I’m afraid of my piano teacher of seeing me not having any progress at all. I feel embarrassed, ashamed, angry at myself that I want to disappear right away. I feel like I don’t deserve to graduate at all, to finish college, to become a good eldest daughter...