I do and don't want to smoke marijuana again.
I am going in to my second year of college this fall. I have a supportive family, stable group of friends, a good place to live, and well, a decent life overall. 

As most of you may be aware, a lot of college students drink alcohol, and smoke marijuana. I do drink socially, but I haven't smoked in for many months now, but I would like to. But some circumstances lead to a lot of problems with my family, and forced me not to smoke anymore. I am fully aware that there is no *need* for me smoking weed, but I would like to as a social thing. Here's a little backstory:

Coming into college, I told myself not to drink or smoke weed. The first day I arrived for college, I went out with my roommate and we were looking for parties. I was a bit nervous, but after a half-hour of house-hopping, I had a shot of vodka, and I felt pretty okay with the idea, and quickly said "I'll drink." I still told myself that I wouldn't smoke weed, and I didn't until a few months later, when I got back home from college for Thanksgiving. I smoked my first bowl of weed at my friends house back home. I didn't get high, but I felt okay with trying it once. Come the beginning of winter quarter for the school year, and my friend brings back a jar of weed (an ounce). We bought a pipe to share, and me, my friend, and another friend down the hall smoked the weed for a good while. My friends throats burned from inhaling the smoke though, so we decided to invest in a vaporizer (Vapor Bros). At the time, the guys didn't have a lot of money on them. The vaporizer cost about $200 at the local smoke shop, and most other places that had it priced it a bit more expensive. So, I told my friends that I would withdraw the $200, and have them repay me later. I bought the vaporizer, and all was well. We would smoke a lot, but that quickly died down once the work started getting a bit heavier, but never enough to interfere with our class schedule and work-time. Our grades were fine, and the smoking was good. We bought a very nice ice water-pipe as well to cool the vapor even more. We had a great set-up, a good hook-up, and an all around good vibe, until my parents found out.

I was in my dorm room when I got a call from my father asking if I could Skype. He said it was very important, and sounded a bit frantic, and knowing my Dad, this must have been serious. I was thinking something terrible might have happened to one of our family members, so I got on to Skype as quickly as possible. I log onto Skype, and call them. They told me that they found a Facebook message I sent to my cousin. I originally asked him how I was doing, but then I started talking about how college was good, how I joined a fraternity, drank a lot, smoked a lot, and pretty much bragged about a bunch of stuff, and over-exaggerated a bunch of stuff as well to spice it up. I told him I was thinking about rolling (trying MDMA, or ecstasy) at a rave coming up, when I truly didn't want to, but I said it just to sound cool. He asked if I wanted to try shrooms, and I replied that I did, but same thing, I didn't want to. I just wanted to sound cool. All I liked to do, was smoke weed, and that was it. I really didn't drink much, in fact extremely little compared to a lot of college students. My parents found out because apparently, my Facebook was left on one of the computers they use. Keep in mind, I was gone from the house for a few months after they found out, and I hadn't used that computer since I left. They use that computer a bit, and they said they saw it left on, saw a picture of my cousin and his name, and wanted to see pictures of said cousin. They clicked on the message. 

So my parents find this message on my Facebook. My mother was in tears, and my father basically cussed every word in the book, and told me I was not going back to college next year. I was in tears as well, totally incoherent, and screaming. I wasn't sad at what I said on the message. I was sad that my parents seemed convinced I was a drug-addict, and I wasn't going to school next year. Right hand to God (even though I am an atheist), I had no intentions to trying any harder drugs other than marijuana. 

After a few months since they found out, they asked me what I actually spent the $200 on (we have a linked checking account where they could put money into my account when I need it, so they could check the deposits and withdrawals I made). I originally told them we bought speakers, but I confessed that I bought the vaporizer. They said I had to repay them back. At this point, they were still very mad and deeply saddened that I smoked weed, told my cousin that I was going to try harder drugs, and thought I was a drug-addict. But when they found out I lied about the $200, they felt even more betrayed. My friends repaid me, but they still took $200 out of money I earned, because my father felt I stole it from him, since he's the "breadwinner." 

My mother is extremely emotional, and very, very protective of me and my brother. She stays at home most of the time, and aches for when I get back to see her from college, since I live quite a distance to where my family lives. We are her world, and it's no surprise. My father loves me as well, but he is extremely moody. If something bothers him, it's a cancer to the whole house. We have to walk on eggshells with him. If his temper goes off, then get out of his way (he isn't violent in any way, he just screams, and is just an erupting volcano). He works a lot as well, and is one of the bosses of a large firm as well. 

I talked to some my family members about it, and they said my parents overreacted. I agreed. I am ashamed I did lie about the vaporizer, but it isn't atypical to smoke weed, or sound tough to your peers. But they were more mad about me lying to them about the vaporizer. But come a few months later, and my mom is now terrified I am going to die from a drug overdoes (keep in mind I haven't smoked weed for a good 5 months, and when I was it was pretty much every other day, a bowl and thats it). She says she can't sleep because she thinks she's going to wake up to a call from the school that I was found dead. Yes, I exaggerated about the harder drugs, and yes I am sorry I did that, but I would never do that again. She didn't believe me; however, things quieted down, and she began to open her eyes, and see I had changed.

I went to my cousin's house (the cousins I talk about here is not the cousin my parents found the Facebook message from), because her parents (my aunt and uncle) were out of town. Her being 21, she invited a lot of her friends to drink. My other cousin who lives with her (her little brother) has Fedal Alcohol Syndrome. I would never allow him to drink (for obvious reasons), but I felt smoking weed wouldn't be all that bad. Their parents were out of time, and so were their neighbors. The younger cousin tells me that the neighbors who are out of town have some weed. The neighbors told my cousins to watch the house, so they gave them the keys. So, I said sure, why not. We go in, find some weed, he gets high, and crashes on his bed at home. I drink a little that night, he walks around high and what not, and it's all fun. No biggie. The next day when I come back home, my mother wants to go on a walk with me. She tells me that my cousin (the 21 year old) told her parents (my aunt and uncle) that I drank, and my younger cousin smoked weed, because she felt guilty from hiding that. I think she did the right thing though, now that I look back at it. My mother told me this, and began to cry. She thought I learned my lesson with drugs, and since I was supposed to be a role model for my younger cousin, and him having a predisposed vulnerability to drugs and alcohol due to complications with his mother when he was in the womb (he is adopted), and me knowing he was vulnerable. This is where things changed. My aunt got everything out of him. My younger cousin told her everything I told them. I said I was going to smoke weed when I got back to college, try all these drugs, and what not, and rage like no other. I told him this, while I was in college when I came to visit, and before I stopped. My aunt on the other hand, pleads to my mom that I am drug-addicted, and am going down the wrong path. My mom says I have to see a therapist, or problems will arise. I had not smoked weed for 5 months at this point, and I just simply said the things about trying other drugs to sound cool. 

Everything is better now. I am still fixing "broken" ties with my aunt and cousins, and I am going to therapy, which has helped me a lot. But, I still want to smoke weed. I would not do it every day, I would only do it occasionally. I found no problems with it. But what's keeping me from doing that is that if I do, I might feel immense regret and shame because I told them I would never do it again. Therapy, and a lot of rebuilding trust went into fixing my relationship with my mother and father, and I would feel a good amount of guilt if I smoked again, knowing I am lying to them again, and throwing everything back in their face again, not to mention if they somehow found out, I would be *history*. But at the same time, I would know exactly what I am getting in to, and would never EVER try anything harder than weed.

**Revision**: Clarity, grammar, and spelling.