What do about tedious job routines? Any data entry workers here are welcome to provide tips or advice.
Hello everyone, little back story, I studied marketing and have my bachelors degree, found a Data Entry job (37.5 hours weekly, no benefits) through a staffing agency after searching for a full time job for months after college, and now I am on my 6th month working here. I originally planned to use this job as a stepping stone to move on to something greater after getting experience here for about a year. I have a side gig of my own online business in ebay which consistently makes a little under minimum wage. Luckily I am not in any financial situations at the moment. I have previous experience in customer service, online ebay selling, and a temporary office gig.

After working at this data entry position full time, I am starting to feel stressed and not as satisfied working here. However, some of these issues are my fault from typo mistakes, language barrier, and already showing sensitivity to the higher position employees. If it makes a difference to some, this is a Japanese office and I am a mixed Japanese American, speaking elementary Japanese while my employees all speak fluently with understandable English and are from Japan which means work culture is very different here. I mainly got this job to fill in my unemployment gap, have better income, and gain experience. 

I have recently gotten the notice to fix my problems that recently happened (accidentely sent wrong report to branch and incorrectly entering shipment number a few times) and I feel that it is hard to ask questions if unsure about something, maybe I have terrible judgement or decision skills. I am not the smartest individual but I do not perform well if mistakes pile up. I am doing my best to not let these happen again but part of me thinks something else may come up and bite me later on. I have thought about what I did and have my notes to refer to, I am great at getting things done, I am very friendly in the work environment. Sometimes I feel that I do not get the same treatment as others if a mistake is made since I am not a Japanese employee, I get anxiety thinking about these small typos, email accidents, or anything the higher ups may think of me. I feel like I might want to quit soon or consider looking for a different job that may fit my background or be more better for my resume experience that works with my degree, but for obvious reasons, it doesn't look like there are possibilities of interviews or much employment due to the Covid virus. I am currently working from home so it lessens the pressure of demandant or harsh attitude from the higher ups. I am able to talk comfortably, get amazing support, and guidance with the younger and same positioned employees as myself since I have the least experience there. 

I understand data entry isn't that hard of a position from third party perspectives but it can get tedious, stressful, and exhausting at times. I am currently willing to double check more often, refer to my notes, and refrain from asking the group chat too much to not draw any attention to a small mistake since the higher ups will overreact to it and get mad. If anyone has some advice for minimizing error or working in data entry, please provide helpful advice for me. Any advice on quitting or value of this job expeeience? Thank you very much in advance. Glad I got these thoughts out since its 3am and I can't sleep cause I've been thinking about it too much while I have to be awake by 8:15am.