Life just feels over and I'm only in my mid 20's.
I just don't know how to get the will to keep going. I've been through hell, and I have no blood family left. 

I know some people never know their real family, and I know life would've been so much worse without them, but damn, the "tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all" saying just doesn't feel right anymore. 

I wish that if my biological dad, mom, step dad, and brother would all be dead by the time I turned 25, that I had never gotten to know and love them and rely on them. 

Every paternal figure in my life has died. After my step dad killed himself, his best friend took over as my "Uncle". Within 3 years, he had a massive heart attack and passed away. After several similar occurences I've gotten superstitious about father figures. 

I have a full-time job, a fiancee, and pets. I want to be happy and hopeful so badly for them, but I just get so stuck and depressed. I feel like they should be enough for me, and I'm a burden by being depressed. 

I've lost so many friends over the years (it happens to high school and college I know) that it doesn't feel normal, and feels like my depression is driving them away. 

If I hadn't inherited a nightmare I might be ok, but my mom left me several cars (and an RV) that are all in disrepair and not smogged or registered. I look at them every day and cry, but I feel powerless to get out of here. 

I think there might be equity in the house, but I'm terrified of all the issues a home inspector might find when we go to sell. 

I'm falling apart and I just don't know what to do. I want to seek therapy, but I'm already paying a mortgage that's $1,000 more than I can afford every month. I'm drowning in debt. I need to get rid of those cars, but every time I try, something happens and I can't get it done, then I get discouraged and don't try anymore. It makes sense that if I'm wasting a ton of money just on my depression and not getting things in order that therapy is a worthwhile investment, but I haven't had good experiences with therapy in the past. I also know that if they look at my income it looks like I'm making plenty of money, so I don't think sliding scale would help. 

I don't want to die, but living takes way too much effort. That scares me, because I've heard that described as "Passive suicidal ideology" or something. I'm just so tired. I have no desire to do anything because I know spending money will make me have to work on selling the house even sooner. 

I don't know if I can ask the mortgage company to lower my payment while I work on selling, or what since the loan is in a trust. 

I don't even know what I'm looking for here, I've written this all in a journal a million times. I just needed to share this with someone, and this community seemed appropriate? I'm sure I'll get plenty of "Go to therapy" comments.

 I feel so guilty sharing my feelings. Everyone just says "Oh, it's so unfair what happened to you" and I know. I wish I could stop feeling sorry for myself even though I really don't have it THAT bad in the grand scheme of things. 

I just want to feel actual happiness again, and be able to not bring everyone around me down. 

Again, I'm not going to hurt myself(I truly don't think so). I haven't felt truly suicidal since middle school/one episode when I was 19/20 after my longtime girlfriend cheated on me and left me. I only attempted once when I was young. 

I know that I'm capable of getting through this, I am just in constant emotional agony currently. I generally consider myself to be logical and of a moderate intelligence, but I feel so stupid and irrational. 

If you took the time to read this I appreciate you. 

Here's to feeling better. Thanks.