I just want to find a decent man...
Someone who actually gives a shit. They care about you as much as you care about them. They aren’t afraid of being public with you, they don’t look at every other girl and make comments about their bodies. They don’t take complete advantage of you. They don’t call you whipped if you do something nice like make breakfast. It’s not all about sex, you have nights where you just talk for hours and hours. Were I don’t feel used. I’m not made to feel like a dumb ass when I have feelings. Someone who supports me, who talks me through bad times. I want to be treated how I treat them. I hate one sided relationships. Someone who just loves me and will say it, not once a month when I’m not in the mood to have sex and they use that as their tactic so you let your guard down. I know they exist, I just don’t know how to find someone like that. It feels like something just in books or for other people. Gorgeous people, who have great jobs, a big house and nice cars. Not all around average... 

I settle for the assholes because that’s the kind of men I grew up around. My uncles, dad who left when I was a week old, everyone. That’s what I think I deserve. Hell, if a guy acted the way I hope for one day- I’d be scared I’d run for the hills because I’d think they had ulterior motives. I fucking hate it. Is there anyone that’s had a really awful dating history and found their soulmate out there? To give me a little hope?


Edit: okay, I (24F) didn’t expect this to blow up like this at all, holy shit. Umm, I’ll give more background? So a skimmed comments because there’s... a lot... lol. And a lot are saying therapy, I did go to therapy but it was for my childhood trauma and the experience wasn’t my favorite so I left. Now, I saw one person talk about abandonment issues, I do have those but I don’t really have a fear of being left behind. I’ve never had someone that I’ve noticed make an impact after leaving, well maybe my dad but I’d rather be with my mom (as much of a “mom” as she is) than an alcoholic drug addict around me as an example to look up to. I just don’t know what a good relationship looks like is my problem. I’ve only been in two relationships, one I was left at a bar in the worst part of downtown because the “really nice guy” flipped out all of the sudden claiming I was getting him drunk (he bought a bottle of vodka, I drank a cup of rum and coke- I’m not a big drinker and he was, that’s not my fault). Now the one I’m one foot in one foot out is the one that’s really messed me up for good. I tried leaving when I noticed he was changing, after becoming this person he molded himself into so I would fall for him because he was “what I was looking for”, but this guy. This is not someone that you can run from. He buys new phone numbers, gets new social media accounts, puts numbers under different numbers- I mean you can only imagine what someone going to school for cybersecurity can do. Anyways, after two attempts to get away from him he took it as a chance to trap me. Now, with my mental health issues (major chronic depression, anxiety and panic disorder, etc etc the fun list goes on) cause me to be safer to not be on birth control. So, I don’t take it- and that’s a very very well known fact I make clear if they show interest. Well, after being together for two and a half months he got tired of me trying to leave and “getting mad at him.” Now I’m stuck with him in some way for 18 years and 5 months. Now it’s not only manipulation to get me back, now it’s him threatening lawyers, to take my baby, etc etc etc because that I can’t run from. He’s an awful human being and I just don’t know how I can put myself in the dating world once I get both feet out after him... so yeah, I didn’t put my history on here because when I do have my posts about him men say awful things to me and are on his side so I wanted this one to be vague. I have my moments I just break and yesterday wasn’t a good day for me...