Dating with terminal cancer - I am struggling.
I am sure some of you read the title and thought, shouldn't there be more concerning things on your mind at this point? Dating seems like something not to worry about.

But see, the problem is I am not simply going to up and die in 3, 12, or even 24 months. Or at least I hope not. 

I am what they call, a long-term terminal, a palliative care, or a non-curable cancer patient.  I have cancer that has no cure, will require consistent treatment, impacts my life on a daily basis, and will lead to my death unless a cure comes along.  Just not anytime super soon.  I am still reasonably young (35 male), and was quite healthy before diagnosis meaning my prognosis for survival was good.  Whereas many with this cancer are around 35% over 5 years in terms of survival rate, my doctors estimated I had at least 15+ years, perhaps a lot longer, and that's an eternity in cancer research meaning perhaps I will transition from terminal to simply stable or cured one day. 

But because of this, my life is obviously very affected. I have health limitations which include limits with regards to exercise, diet, stress amounts, and more. I am classified disabled, despite not looking disabled, due to being limited in what I can do work-wise, and on SSDI because of it. I am chained to a location (at least for now) due to treatment and being a research patient (I hope helping others down the road). I live with my parents due to a combination of needing occasional help and my limited income. I am immunocompromised.

But most importantly I am aware enough to realize I am becoming more depressed by the day as I struggle to try and date.  I'll be honest, I was never great at it. I am shy and somewhat of an introvert and while I enjoy social interaction, I lose energy fast (even more so these days). I am certainly what women may call a bumbler when it comes to words and am terrible at reading signs. My confidence in the dating world is not really there even if I have it in other areas of life. Most of my past relationships (and there were only 4) were simply because we connected on a shared interest in art(oh yea I paint, draw, and write poetry as a serious hobby).

But since being diagnosed several years ago I have gone on a grand total of 1 date.  I am lonely. 

Before COVID it was frustrating but I focused on my hobbies, dreamed of better things, and kept putting myself out there with the realization that having what is effectively terminal cancer that would limit my lifespan would probably scare off many women. I realized I was not exactly a catch but I still tried. I was raised right by my parents, and my sisters were always very supportive, and I knew I had something to offer whichever wonderful woman took a shot on me. I knew I would do my best to make her happy whether the relationship lasted 1 week or the rest of my life.

But as time has passed it got harder to maintain a positive attitude. And now with COVID, that loneliness and struggle has suddenly hit me like a truck.

I don't know what to do. What was once difficult now seems impossible. I have something to offer. I am loyal, honest, upfront, willing to change. I try my hardest to be a good person, dream of simply making someone smile at the end of a hard day, or holding someone while they cry and offer support. I want to cuddle someone while we stream a horror movie, and cook them a carrot cake (my specialty) when they have a sweet tooth. I want to introduce them to my sisters and have them learn embarrassing stories from my youth. I want to paint them something just to show them what I can create and hopefully bring them joy. I want love. I want companionship. I want a life friend.

But for starters, I just want a date. A relationship. 

A hope for something more.

But I feel handcuffed by my health. Handcuffed by my mind. And now handcuffed by COVID.

I am posting this not just to seek out help, although advice would always be welcome, whether its suggestions of dating sites, recommendations for how to date in my situation, or ideas for new approaches to the dilemma.

No, I am also posting this because I want folks to understand that there are certainly others out there like me.  Realize how precious finding someone special can be. Realize that COVID is harder on some than others when it comes to dating. Realize that depression can be a real issue and to take a moment to consider others in this time.

I sit here at 12 am (here on the east coast), unable to sleep after a recent surgery and internal pain associated with it, and just hoping beyond hope I find myself lucky enough one day to find someone special. Even if it's just for a fleeting moment that can help bring a bit more hope back into my life.

Because that hope is sorely needed right now.

________________

.

________________

**Edit:** Thanks for all the support. I am trying to reply to everyone but apologize if I missed you. This blew up overnight. If you have any specific questions for me, I am a fairly open book although I may not answer everything for privacy reasons. And don't mind offering my own advice from my experiences if you need it, not that I have much in the way of dating advice to offer haha.

I also want to make it clear that I am not suicidal as I have gotten some concerned PM's. I am not afraid of death, and a part of me likely would welcome it, but I do not have a desire to die at this time. I could not put my family through such a thing, and life is still too interesting for me to leave it behind. I love learning and seeing the world. That doesn't mean I am not suffering from depression and I hope others realize that depression does not go hand and hand with suicide but can be no less dangerous and harmful.  Keep an eye on your friends and loved ones should they need mental/emotional support, especially in the time of COVID. Being aware is more important than ever.