I want to stop existing
I want to preface this by saying I’m not suicidal in any way shape or form, I’m just upset about life. I finally got over my ex, who was distant and never had time for me, but was the first person I had ever had a relationship with, so it took a few years. Now that I’ve moved on, I’ve wanted to start dating again, but I’ve had countless rejection, part of me thinks it’s because I’m overweight, the other part of me thinks it’s because I’m not worth it. I’m constantly plagued by the thought of my friends hating me because I’m too reliant on them, and that the only reason they keep me around is out of being nice. Everyone I’ve had a crush on in my entire life has always had a crush on my best friend, who I think only keeps me around anymore out of obligation. I’m a fuckup and a failure, I lost my job after reporting being sexually harassed by someone higher up in the company, and I feel like I should’ve just kept my mouth shut. I feel like a failure because nothing I do will ever measure up in my mother’s eyes to my eldest sister, for reference, I had a moment of peace and clarity, so I chose to clean up my house, and my mother’s response was that I should’ve done that already. My father never cared about me and frequently abused my siblings and I as children, and when I was a kid, I thought the world of him, but now there’s only bitterness and hate. As a kid, I lost both my uncle and great grandfather to suicide, and I was showed the room my great grandfather shot himself in by my father in an effort to “toughen me up”. I’m sorry that none of this is making sense, if anyone reads these, I’m just having a rough time of it, and the only place I can talk about it is here, on a throwaway account so people don’t link it back to my main account. I don’t want pity, I just want things to make sense, why am I in so much pain, why are there never any good days anymore? I have been talking to my therapist about this stuff, but I don’t have insurance at the moment, so I can’t afford to see them any longer, plus with all this coronavirus shit, I can’t get a job, so I’m just stuck, and I want to have never existed, just, no memories of me, no feelings attached to me, nobody having ever interacted with me, I wish everyone would have the life where I wasn’t involved, so they could live better lives, because all I do is ruin everything