I keep making mistakes at my new job and am taking a long time to complete my work. How can I take more ownership of my performance?
I started a new job in a corporate office about 4 months ago and have been working in my field for 5-10 years (i.e., not a newbie). My first month here was spent training, and, afterward, the person who trained me has been on a sabbatical for the last 3 months (and will continue to be so for another 2 months), so I've basically been on my own since that time.

My team's work is pretty siloed, and each of us work on our own projects without much overlap. In other words, my teammates aren't very familiar with the technical details of what I work on, although there is some overlap with some of our more general job tasks that everybody on the team is responsible for. My boss says that if I have questions on my projects, they would be the most knowledgeable person to go to. 

Onto my problems. I am basically making mistakes in my work, and, so far, I've always been the last person to complete their work amongst my team, sometimes going a few hours over the deadlines. When I started this job, my boss said they are looking for someone who can work independently. I feel like I can work by myself, but it just takes a very long time for me to find the answers when I look independently. I can go to my boss and ask questions to make things go faster, but I feel like lots of my questions would be very basic things that would make my boss ask, "The information's right there. Why are you asking me what to do?" I can work independently, but it just takes me a long time to find the relevant information I need. I also don't want to keep bothering my boss with every, little question I have, and I feel like I have a lot.

I'm also naturally a slow learner and need some hand-holding with new tasks (whereas hand-holding seems to be frowned upon these days). There are still a lot of things I don't know about my projects, lots of what I feel are basic things, like how they work in general. I feel like this is because my trainer didn't have time to train me on everything before they left, and my boss often tells me to just look at previous examples to try and recreate what they did. This leaves lots of gaps in my understanding about my projects since, while I can recreate the work, I don't really understand what I'm doing.


I feel like my boss is now starting to lose confidence in me. They continue to accompany to meetings about my projects and has started leaving me reminders about my job tasks on my calendar. (When I started, my boss told me they don't want to be have to remind or keep track of his team's detailed tasks and wants them to take ownership of their own projects.)

My team had most recently completed our most critical time of the year, and I made my boss stay late at night since I was the last person to finish my work, whereas all my teammates had completed their tasks and left for the day hours before I finished my work. I was finally able to complete my projects a few hours after our deadline, whereas the rest of my team was able to meet theirs.

My work quality was also not good since I was rushing to complete my work, and, sure enough, the next day, another team pointed out errors in my work, ones that I've made before. Once I have a chance to review my work in more detail, I expect to find more errors. My boss did not seem upset at me when the other team pointed out my mistakes, but I think they were starting to get a little irritated.

I think more frequent check-ins with my boss might be a solution, as well as explaining the situation, that I'm having a more difficult time onboarding since my trainer has been out the last 3 months, but how else can I take ownership of my performance?