If dating makes you upset, you should focus on youself.
TLDR; 

When you enjoy your life enough to be happy while alone, then you become selective. If you find yourself in a hurry to date someone, you should figure out where that internal dependency comes from as it isn't healthy. Anyone can be happy with themselves, you just have to learn. For women afraid of wasting their biological "clock": It would seem very selfish to your kids to be in a possibly unhappy relationship just to birth said children.

Long version:

Oh I can smell the hate coming... When I'm on tinder I get a decent amount of matches, probably around 1 match in 5 swipes. But I only swipe out of bordom. I don't swipe just to swipe, but more for finding someone unconventionally attractive. Im the type who doesn't like to date "hot" crowd but more along the lines of "beautiful". The problem is that my deffinition of beautiful is defined by a feeling I get, almost a love at true site feeling. I've felt it twice my entire life so I know I can find it again.

Now some may say I have high standards, but im happy with my single life. I can hear the angry reditors calling me "lucky" or explaing how "you'de never understand" but this should apply to everyone. Im in no hurry to get in a relationship. I enjoy college (the studying part-I dont party) and I'm always so busy with activities and self improvment that being alone isnt lonely. So for me its not a standard but more of a "I have plenty of time to find the right one" so I don't rush and thus.. I swipe (:

Tinderies message me first all the time asking to go out and we'll do just that. Ive been ghosted (ive never ghosted a soul) ive been told they weren't interested, ive even been preassures/tricked into one night stands (no ones fault but my own). I dont take it personally as ultimately I wouldnt wanna date someone not interested in me anyways. 

Everyone is so upset with online dating not because its bad but because it doesn't fall into their own narrative. Most people on here (not all, but most) only get upset at online dating because they're in a hurry to find someone. When you're happy with yourself and you love yourself, dating isn't a priority and when it isnt a priority you become more successful in your dating life. Its an oximoron, sure, but I find that men can sence desperate woman so they take advantage, and women can sence desperate men so they run.

Dating should be taken slow, it should be done in different ways: online, in person, out at parties, etc.. When you live in a world where selectivity and choice is easy, you should be able to take advantage of it without feeling bad for those you selected against. If you're a guy who is upset because you got a match but no message, its your choice to take it personally and hurt your ego. I don't advicate ghosting or trying to hurt someone, but at the end of the day everyone needs a frame and a barrier to fill that frame.

I wasn't always happy being alone. I was raised by a single mother who dated several men as I grew up, each more abusive than the last. Her dependency issues rubbed off onto me and I always belived I had to date someone to be happy (sure these issues went way beyind that). But honestly, I taught myself that I can be dependent on myself. I can be so happy with my own accomplishments that I may as well be another person. The best thing is, this drives you to accomplish more! Now I hear more reditors calling me "self-absorbed" a "narcasist", but do we really live in a world where truly being happy with who you are is boiled down to selfish-self love by those who havn't felt it? 

Dating might be a game, but you don't win by racing to the finishline.