So you want to kill yourself tonight: a message
Recently I’ve been reading posts from suicidal people who believe that they have just as much a right to a humane, chosen death as terminally ill people do. And I believe there may be a point where someone really is so emotionally broken and numb and darkened that suicide is the more humane choice—but the thing is, I’ve thought I’d reached that point before, and I came back. And I wanted to share some things that have helped me when I’ve been on the edge.

I want to start off by saying that I fully accept the limits of this medium. I’m not gonna pretend that I love you or that I can say without a doubt that you’re a wonderful person. I know how much those empty platitudes like “You’re loved!” or “The world needs you!” can be to someone who’s contemplating suicide. We don’t know each other—I’m a stranger on the internet, no better than words on a screen. I have no stake in your life. But I know you *have* a life, I know that you’re a real person with hobbies and a sense of humour and pet peeves and a favourite colour, and knowing you’re a person who’s struggling is enough. I may not know you but I want you to live, and maybe it’s selfish because I see myself in everyone who’s suicidal and helping you is like helping myself, I don’t know. It doesn’t matter. 

When you’re suicidal, you can only really see the positive aspects of death—and I’m not denying there are some. Yes, the pain will go away, and the numbness, and whatever guilt/sadness/anger cocktail your depression has given you. 

But there’s more to it than that. If you kill yourself now, all possibilities, every glimmer of hope and fulfilling path you haven’t discovered yet, it all ends. Forever. And you will become a statistic. Your individuality, your personality, the parts of yourself that still exist even when you’re struggling to keep your head above water, all that dies with you, and you become a body to be processed and tabulated, a tally on the suicide board, a number, one more person this thing has claimed. And people you can’t even conceive of now will be effected by your death—your pain will pass onto others in the form of guilt and grief. You will be perpetuating a cycle of pain. And you will have chosen to do it.

There are less abstract reasons not to kill yourself. You may not succeed, and instead may be condemned to an existence much worse than your current one, namely one of grievous injury, disfigurement, lifelong medical issues. Or if you do succeed, someone is going to find your body, and it won’t be dramatic and it won’t be poetic, it’ll be awful and traumatising. If you succeed, you’ll never be able to eat your favourite food again. The world will cease to exist. You will never sing or eat or smell or sleep again.

Live out of spite. Or fear. Or obligation. I am telling you, right now, that it doesn’t matter why you live, at least not in this moment. In this moment, what matters is that you live at all. The rest comes later. But you have to live to see it. And life is shitty, believe me I know. But as much as you might believe it, it’s not life that’s making you feel the way you feel right now—it’s that worm in your brain that does nothing but push you down, make you think you’re worthless, force you not to go to social events and then mock you for having no friends. I can’t stress enough that this is an illness, but it’s your choice whether it’s fatal.

I’m writing this because I almost killed myself tonight. I’m writing this to myself as much as to you. Two months ago I wound up in the hospital because of my near-suicide. I spent the night in a bright hallway while a schizophrenic homeless man moaned in the cot behind me and an addicted woman screamed for pain medicine in the room next to me. I heard an old man get a litre of his urine drained via catheter. That’s the hospital at 3AM. 

They gave me a sedative and after a groggy talk with a crisis counsellor, I was discharged the next morning. I drove home and everything seemed imperceptibly changed, even the buildings I’d passed every day for months, and I went back to my room where the night before I had nearly downed enough barbiturates to seriously hurt me, and it didn’t feel the same. I wasn’t cured—I’ve had low points since then and there will be more in my future, same as yours. That’s how it goes. When you choose to be a survivor, you sign up for all of it.

You learn who you are in these moments. You learn what keeps you going. And you learn that, at least for tonight, you’re not the person who pulls the trigger or takes the pills. You’re the one who survives.

***

If this post helped you, I’m grateful—but I didn’t do shit. You made the decision not to go through with it. And I’m fucking proud of you because nobody’s even going to know if you don’t tell them. You have come to the very brink of death and you have saved yourself, and in the morning you’ll wake up and keep carrying on. That’s how it goes. Silent and powerful victories, and excruciating progress. The world is waiting for you.