What the fuck is wrong with people?
I've posted about this guy I met last month a few times so I won't go into too much detail but I am passed the point of feeling sad and onto being pissed off and just disappointed. 

I met a guy in early September and we hit it off very well in messages. We hit it off even better in texts, he was so attentive and sweet, and this was before we even met. Yellow flag? Now, I believe it is. We met and he could not have been more excited and expressive about how he felt. When we parted ways after our first date, he told me he already missed me. Yellow flag? Now, I believe it is.

So this kinda stuff continues. He tells me to leave a goddamn toothbrush at his house the first time I stayed over (and 2nd time we hung out) because he just *knew* we would be spending a lot of time together. He can't wait to introduce me to his friends, he wanted to wait to sleep together because he didn't want to rush and ruin things, etc. etc. Hindsight is 20/20, and maybe this all should have been a warning but I guess I thought it was genuine excitement. Even though I was a little like "WHAT"...I felt very similar and I ate it up.

He got distant and cancelled plans that he set up. I try not to read into it and didn't mention any concerns until it was twice in a week. He assured me over the phone and in person when we saw each other again that he was still just as interested and he just got busy and stressed. I left it at that. He made another plan. Then cancelled that plan. He didn't talk much the week of that and went away for the weekend. Sent weird, confusing texts and at that point I was like, ok what the hell is going on??

I got no straight answers. I told him very clearly, if he isn't interested that he needs to be fair to me and just tell me so. I thought we both enjoyed hanging out and that we wanted to keep doing so and get to know each other. I got no response to that so I took that as my answer that he wasn't interested in dating me. I then later on was told that I was wrong in thinking that. 

I took a few days to not give any energy to the situation and came back to see what the fuck was happening. Why he can't just say what's on his fucking mind like an adult. If you act weird and someone questions it, just say what is going on. He tells me that we should meet up and talk and get on the same page. I let him know if it's something he can say over the phone, there is no need for a meet up. Because the whole "we need to talk" thing is making me think it's because he doesn't feel the same way that I do. Once again, I am told that I am wrong and he wants to explain things. 

The day comes to meet up. I am anxious as fuck and wondering if this is all even worth it. But I'm very curious as to what he has to say. An hour before he texts me that he is not coming. That he doesn't feel comfortable. That I was being too serious before. That he scares easily. 

WHAT. THE. FUCK is wrong with people. So you come on strong, get distant and weird and I question it and that's me being too serious about things? A big part of why we clicked is because I thought we were on the same page about dating. How the fuck am I going to get to know someone if I don't spend any time with them. Okay, cancel on me once or twice, things come up and life gets hectic. I get that. But again and again, yes I am going to question if this is something you want to pursue. I gave him multiple chances to say he was too busy at the moment to date. Or he lost interest. Or he met someone else. Be a fucking adult and tell someone that. Playing games and sending cryptic messages for weeks is not the way to act. ESPECIALLY when the weeks before that was nothing but great conversations and great dates and future fucking planning. 

What is wrong with someone like him? What the fuck could not be said. What is so fucking scary? How do you tell someone you think you need to talk, then tell them you need to talk BEFORE YOU TALK? What a colossal waste of my time, my energy, my feelings. 

I did like him, too. Through most of that shit I still liked him. And I'm not going to say I acted cool and collected the whole time. I eventually lost my cool and send some long winded texts. But nothing crazier than all the shit he said to me when we met. Yet, it comes back on me. And then I start to wonder if I did something wrong along the way, that scared him off. But fuck that thinking, I liked someone and I wanted to spend time with them. I thought that is how you date. 

I told him that there was nothing to talk about and I didn't want to speak to him again. I can never bring myself to send the classic "you're an asshole. You wasted my time. You lead me on," etc etc texts because it's not my style and it's not like it will resonate. The crazy part is that I have been out with other guys since I met him. I ended up not connecting with anyone like I did with him, but I still put myself out there because it's too early to know for sure about anyone in 1 month. That's why I said I wanted to get to know each other to figure out if it could be something. 

What the fuck. 

Well, I have a date tonight so, we'll see. At least I try.