reconnected with a girl i met 4+ years ago
It all started in 2015 when i (m25 then, 29 now) first met her (w21 then, 25 now)  via mutual friends. We both were single at the time. She never had a bf before and zero experience at all, on the other side i already had 2 pretty shitty short term flicks. We started to hang out more often and eventually i had a feeling that this could work out, so i did send that risky text, asking her about what she feels. I'm a pretty shy and introverted person so this was anything but easy for me and the reason i did it via text and not in person. She turned me down, not because she didn't like me but because she  felt more like being just friends would feel better to her. Back then i thought "fuck yeah, i got friendzoned" and sadly did not invest that much effort into the friendship anymore. I always told myself it was to get over my feeling to her, but in the end it was kind of a dick and selfish move.

Some months passed and i eventually met my now ex gf of the next 4 years. In all that time i maybe had a handful conversations with her, mainly on birthdays and new years etc. It still felt like there was some kind of connection even when we havent seen in all those years and barely talked. I actually was interrested in keeping closer contact and build up on that friendship now that i'm not single anymore and feelings probably couldn't hurt me. But my gf at the time was a really jealous person and did not want me to have contact or a friendship with a girl i used to have feelings for. So we never met in those 4 years, when it actually could have been so easy since she studied in the same town as i was living in for the past 2 years.

2020 rolls in, i'm a fresh single again and actually pretty happy with that. At first i didn't thought about her but she recently started being quite active on social media (she is a cosplayer) and it got my attention. I asked her to met up and she was in for it without any hesitation. It took us almost 2 months to finally set up a day but in the end we got there. Since then we have met more than once, just the two of us and sometimes with mutual friends and this past weekend she slept at my place because we were out with friends and she couldn't catch her train in time. "Nothing" happend, we just talked for hours straight (you know that drunken trashtalk you do) until it was already early in the morning and we totally messed up out sleepcycle by only getting 2 hours of sleep in the end.

I had to get up at noon for a football (soccer) game and told her she could stay in my appartment as long as she wants to. As soon as i left for my game i felt like i probably missed a chance there and couldn't help it but text her about how good it felt to reconnect with her and that i haven't been that happy in a long time. I once again send that risky text asking her about what she feels and if she still thinks of me as "just a friend". Even if she did, i would have been fine with it now, i learned so much in these years that i wouldn't have called it "friendzoned again". To my surprise she answered almost instantly and hell this fact and the actual response cheered me up like nothing did in a very long time.

She is in for the "let's see where this is going and if it works out, why not". Later we talked about the sleepover and what would have happend if i made a move that night. She said she probably would have gone with it, but she is very happy i didn't since we both were still a bit drunk and that i showed a lot of respect for her to not take advantage of that. She thinks it was way better to talk about it before and if i haven't send that risky text, she would have done it later that day.

Now here i am, looking forward to dating a wonderful woman and so excited for what is about to happen in the next days, weeks, months or even years. :)

&#x200B;

Thanks for reading my story and have a nice day everyone!

&#x200B;

small update: We met again and watched princess mononoke at her place (we both love this anime) and after the movie talked again for hours. I had to leave at midnight because i start working at 6am. On friday she has plans in my town with some friends that want to go to a karaoke bar that is like 10 mins away from my place, so we concluded she can enjoy the evening without having to care about catching a train home because she'll stay at my place for the night.