Valentine's Day- I don't know how I should feel.
Little backstory: I've been dating this guy for a little over two years now. He is wonderful and has always treated me very well, although he is not necessarily the most affectionate boyfriend I have ever had. As far as I know, there is currently nothing wrong with our relationship.

Anyway, it was Valentine's Day yesterday. I wanted to make my boyfriend smile, so I did get him a few things- a small box of Lindt chocolates, a little glass terrarium, bought a few steaks for dinner- and set them out for him to find in the morning (not including the steaks). I even found him an actual Valentine card that he found hilarious.

Now, I'm not one of those girls who makes a big deal out of Valentine's Day- personally, I believe if you are with someone, you should ALWAYS be caring and thoughtful towards one another, not just on one day of the year- but I do expect at least some form of acknowledgement. You don't have to buy me candy, or jewelry, or flowers, but a small card with some thoughtful words is nice. Even just taking me aside for a few minutes to tell me how you feel about me- I don't care. You don't have to spend money on me, I just want to know I have a Valentine on Valentine's Day. That's all I ask. Especially with my current boyfriend- I know he is not big on the affectionate stuff, so I don't expect it of him on a regular basis, but I thought that since this would be our second Valentine's Day together (actually the first; we didn't get to celebrate previously, since he was working 12-hour shifts at the time), he might at least have a few sweet words for me. 

There was nothing. No card, not even a "Happy Valentine's Day" until I said it to him first. He thanked me for the gifts, and that was about it. We went through the entire day as if it were any other. And no, he didn't forget it was Valentine's Day. He'd even made comments about Valentine's Day coming up in the days beforehand. 

I feel quite miffed about it, and I also feel bad about the fact that this upsets me. It's just a stupid Hallmark holiday that means nothing, and my boyfriend treats me well... I shouldn't be letting this get to me.

It's funny... I see all my single friends on Facebook whining about how they're spending yet another Valentine's Day without a Valentine. Well, I'm not single... but I didn't have a Valentine yesterday either. Heh.

I don't know. Someone... please just tell me I'm being a spoiled, entitled bitch on this one. I feel horrible about the fact that it upsets me.