Can a Company Lay You Off Then Take It Back?
In April our department was told that our jobs were moving to one of our overseas departments in a phased approach. I was one of the people that was going to be in the first phase of layoffs, others were told they would be after my group, etc. I was given a paper that day that said in August my employment would be terminated, and details about severance would be given at that time.

Over the following months many in my department decided not to wait to be terminated and found jobs either inside or out of the company. (I tried too, but to no avail as of yet). Also, to nobody’s surprise, the overseas team that is supposed to be taking over isn’t able to perform at the level they need to. 

Last week I get pulled into a meeting with some others that were slated to be let go in August where they tell us they would like to have a few of us fill some positions they need filled over the busy season, effectively making it an extension until February. This was presented as an *option* to extend, not mandatory. 

On Monday I email my manager and my director my decision to not extend. I don’t feel like it’s my responsibility to cover their poor decision, and I also have another job that is offering to give me more hours. I get a response back saying that I we should have a call, and on the call my director says that he already told HR that we all wanted to extend. I told him that I didn’t want to and that he should retract that.

Later that day we speak again and he tells me that last week they presented the extension incorrectly, and that we were being extended regardless. The option to leave with severance is no longer an option according to him. I voiced my displeasure, asked if I do find something within the company could I take it, etc, but in no way did I communicate that I was grateful to be extended. 

Here’s my question: this whole this seems a little shady. The extension was presented by two people as being optional, and once I decided to exercise the option to *not* extended, the option to leave gets taken away from me. Can they actually do that? What advice do you have? 

I’m in the US, Minnesota if that helps.