The best dating advice, based on my own experiences, that I'd like to share with you all
When I hit 29 last December, I realized I'd be 30 in a year, and took a moment to reflect on where I was in life. I was a little overweight (my weight had always been around 150, but I was closer to 160 I'm pretty sure), out of shape, unhappy with my job, and not particularly happy with my social/romantic life. I felt like I'd hit rock bottom in some ways. Then I decided I wanted to hit 30 the best I could

The first thing I focused on was running and fitness. I'd been running as a hobby for a few years, but this time I started actually following plans and watching what I eat. Whereas I used to run once or twice  a week, I was now running several times. I slowly got into the best shape/physique in my life, and where I was previously content to rank in the top 15 and my age group in races, I was now consistently challenging for the top 3 overall and easily topping my age group

The success from running started spilling over into other parts of life too. I started doing nofap, went on a huge streak of no porn and no masturbation, and felt my confidence go up even more. I started becoming more productive, both at home and at work, and my overall mood was markedly better every day. The highs were higher, and the lows weren't so bad

That's not to say everything was rosy. I injured my knee at the start of the summer and spent two months out and unable to run. This affected my mood and confidence A LOT, and nothing else really seemed to go right during that time frame, including my romantic life. But as soon as I was able to run again, I slowly worked my way back to where I was, and then worked even harder to achieve my goals. To give you some idea: my goal when I hit 29 was to run a 5K in under 20 minutes. I've done that several times over already, and I'm now a little over a month away from turning 30, and my next race will see me run a 5K in under 19

The point of all this, and my advice to you all, is that success begets success. If you can find something you're good at (a sport, a hobby, your job, anything), and work hard to get even better, that success will spill over into other aspects of your life. I've focused on running, which has brought a ton of benefits with it: other than keeping me in top shape, it doubles as a form of meditation. As someone who has struggled (and still occasionally does) with anxiety, running helps relieve a lot of it. It also gives me alone time to focus on my problems and find solutions

I've gotten checked out and have flirted with more girls in the past month than I ever have. I've actually had the confidence to turn down cute girls because I just wasn't interested (the old me wouldn't have done that, because old me would have been desperate). Again, has everything been perfect? Of course not. I asked out a girl this past weekend, only to find out she has a boyfriend. It stung, because I'd thought she was cute for a while and finally got the courage to ask her out. But you know what else? I realized I could either view myself as a guy who got turned down by his crush, or as the guy who won two trophies and top spot at his 5K the very same day

That's success, and confidence, do to you. Every day I tell myself I want to be a champion, and I ask myself, "What would a champion do in this situation?". In this specific case, a champion would take the L, keep working hard and improving, and continue winning. This girl didn't work out, so what? If I keep grinding, someone else will see that and appreciate it. But if I give up and let myself fall off, everything will get more difficult. People like others who are successful and confident; they don't like people who lose and are insecure (and note, losing =/= failing. Failing means you made a mistake but got back up to do better. Losing means you gave up)

I'll say it again for you: success breeds success. Find something you enjoy doing, whether it's running, writing, DND, whatever, and get good at it. Then start spreading that success to other areas of your life, and you'll find dating to be easier. It's not a guarantee that you'll be getting dates or you'll find "the one", but it is a guarantee that you'll feel better about yourself and will be able to roll with the punches better

I'm sorry this is long, but I hope you enjoyed reading. Feel free to leave any comments, suggestions, or even your own advice you'd like to share