My boss is going too far.
TL;DR: My brother and me work at the same job. But because he's had less experience than me, my boss is very harsh on my brother and gets him in trouble at the smallest, dumbest things that arent even that big, and are stuff that i do a lot. He's threatening to fire him for dumb reasons, and I've told my boss ill leave too if that happens. But this job has been good to me.


I really need advice on a current situation that I'm in, because I'm not exactly sure how to go about it.

I'm in highschool, and about a month ago, I started a job as a receptionist for a barbershop. Its been quite decent; the environment is friendly, the co-workers are nice, and I can handle it pretty well. Most of all, the boss is really proud of my work. I've been trained well, so I knew what to do by the fourth day. I've never had a job prior, but I have had experience with dealing with customers due to volunteering at multiple places. 

Two weeks pass, and my brother requests to work as well since he's in need of experience. He's only a year below me, but his personality is a bit different. He's more timid, shy and quiet. Plus, he has had no experience beforehand. To make up for this, I made sure to have his shifts correlate with mine, so that I can train him and all that. The boss did train him as well, but didn't really go in depth with him like he did with me which I found to be a red flag at the start. It seemed unfair.

Few days pass and my brother is doing pretty well considering his personality and his first time ever working. However, there is one issue and it's that my brother can't multitask. For instance, this job also requires cleaning stuff like sweeping hair off the ground, wiping the windows, or dusting the supplies. However, while doing all that, you'd still need to be aware of the customers and make sure that everything is going smoothly. That's where my brother lacks understanding. He does things in a 1,2,3 fashion and doesn't understand how to do all that especially because it's quite stressful on someone inexperienced. 

Therefore, I asked the co-workers to help him through all that, and ease his stress. Since that started to work, I requested my boss to have seperate our time shifts because he seemed ready.

My boss has cameras that have audio and he can view them via his phone. He doesn't watch them when I'm working, but does when my brother is working and starts to poke at every little thing. He also frequently visits the store when my brother is there but never when I'm there.

Everyday after work my brother comes distressed and upset, and everyday my mom gets complaint calls about his work. Me and my mom are quite pissed at my boss's claims, especially when we hear my brother's side of the story (and my brother doesn't lie).

First, he claims that my brother is horrible at cleaning. Mind you, my brother is a clean freak and theres NO WAY that's true. I'm a worse cleaner. I even tested it out once. Once my boss was in the shop, and he was just sitting on his laptop doing his work in his office. I knew the windows were dirty, they had finger smudges everywhere. But I left them there. And he didn't do anything to me. Yet, today after my brother's shifts I hear him tell me that the boss made him clean it 3 times because it "had a smudge." What the fuck.

Secondly, he claims my brother doesn't do his job. Sometimes, the barbers check the computer at the front to see the waiting list of the clients, any potential appointments, and how much clients they've had so far.  And I let them, but I watch them ofc. Rarely, there will be times where they do the transactions themselves, but it would be if I'm in the washroom. And my boss has seen me do this. Yet, when my brother does this, my boss yells at my mom claiming that his co-workers arent trustworthy and my brother is too easy to manipulate by letting them tamper with the laptop. This also happened with the phone, where once I was dealing with a customer and the phone rang, but my co-worker answered it (which turned out to be the boss) then gave me it when I was finished. I wasn't in any trouble. But the same exact thing happened to my brother, and he got yelled at on the phone.

Thirdly, he claims that my brother sits idly all the time. While I do know what he's talking about, I have consoled my brother about this and told him to always be aware of your surroundings. Usually my brother just stands around when hes done his duties, but he's supposed to look out for anything else he needs to do. When he's sure that there's nothing, he's free to stand behind the register and relax. I do it all the time. But my brother is not even ALLOWED to relax at this point, because my boss keeps calling him lazy and other stuff even when he's literally done everything. 

And the best of all, my boss constantly compares me to my brother. He always tells him to "be like your sister" and criticised him otherwise. This pisses me off a lot, especially because we have DIFFERENT amount of experience. I think its absolutely stupid that my boss, instead of HELPING him, CRITICISES him for not being like me! We're not even the same people!

I genuinely see this as absolutely unfair. I don't even want to work for such a man anymore, but this job has been very great. I don't even know what to do at this point. My boss keeps threatening to fire my brother, and I've claimed that if my brother leaves I could leave as well. I understand firing my brother if it was because he thought he was not suitable for the job, but the reasons my boss has given is an unfair reason for firing anybody. 

Please, I don't know what to do at all.

Edit: Typos