How being "gifted" led me toward anxiety and a feeling of stupidity
I was what one would call a "gifted" child throughout grade school. I got straight A's, took honors and AP classes, scored highly on standardized tests, even skipped a grade. I never studied for tests or struggled with homework, I just naturally retained all the information I was taught. I loved reading, I would read at least one book each week. I never procrastinated and genuinely enjoyed going to school.

All those years of performing so highly in grade school led to me and the people around me having very high expectations for my academic performance. Unfortunately for me, I found it harder and harder to meet those expectations throughout college. No matter how hard I try, I am completely unable to retain any information I learn, which frightens me because unlike grade school, this is information that will actually be pertinent to my future career. I end up procrastinating until the last minute to study or complete assignments because I am afraid of performing poorly. Whenever I try to read, it can't keep my attention. I recently took a standardized test, and I just performed "below average to average". All of those "gifted" attributes from my childhood just kind of... disappeared.

Now that I am graduating, I'm really scared for my future. I want to go into the sciences, it interests me and I care about it a lot... I'm just afraid that I'm not good enough. That I'm too stupid now. That I can't keep maintaining this image of high-performance and intelligence. I'm so afraid to try new things like research because I am afraid that I am going to fail and look stupid.

I feel like being raised as "gifted" has caused me to feel extremely anxious and stupid now that I am in the "real world". I'm curious if there is anyone else in this community that experienced a "gifted" childhood, or high childhood expectations, and now suffers from anxiety? How have you personally dealt with this kind of struggle? Are the people around you supportive, or do they still hold extremely high expectations for you?