Happy workers of reddit, how did you find your calling?
Howdy, I don’t really post on here to often. I was just wondering how some of you folks that are actually happy with your careers discovered it. Feeling lost in the world as I’m 29 and still don’t know what I wanna be when I grow up. I’ve worked a decent variety of jobs over the years but have yet to find anything I actually enjoy getting out of bed and doing, let alone dedicating my life too. For a back story, here’s some things I’ve done and decided it wasn’t for me after doing it for a time. 

Rave DJ - ended up parting and getting wasted to much to not die before I hit 30. Not a productive lifestyle when your 19.

Army medic - I was good at it but wasn’t full bought in on the military life style. After 10 months of sitting on a random base in Kuwait   during deployment decided not to re-enlist.

Asbestos and mold testing field tech - ok income but the job got super boring after a year and a half. Also decided that my income was pretty much as high as I was gonna make without a degree.

Golf Coarse Manager - it’s a chill college job but no interest in doing this long term. I also hate golf after dealing with golfers all day.

Currently going to school for criminal justice on GI bill but the program is to easy and feel like I’m just using the degree to try to get into a better masters program. Not as interested in becoming a police officer as I was 2 years ago. Can’t really change majors without paying for classes on GI bill so finishing it out. 

Anyways, feel like I’m being more proactive than just sitting around but still yet to find something that I actually enjoy. Hoping for some tips from people to find something that is actually meaningful and will pay the bills. I don’t feel like I’m lazy or anything but I’ve never worked a job I actually enjoyed. I was thinking emergency management or fire department but it’s hyper competitive where I am. My fiancé has a pretty good job where I am so wouldn’t wanna move on a gamble that I might like it more. Any tips or ideas would be appreciated!