If I test positive, I’m going to kill myself.
I’m getting tested on Saturday. It’s been a rough life, i cant finish highschool, my anxiety for testing for HIV is sky rocket, and I feel like a failure. Nothing in my life is going my way and I’m only 18. I havent been taking my meds (stupid i know) so i constantly worry about everything, and my suicidal thoughts are through the roof. 

I was sexually assaulted in June, he did put a condom on but that doesnt help or ease my pain and take away the fact that someone I trusted enough took advantage of my body and raped me.

I’m more suicidal than ever, my anxiety is off the roof and I’m scared to have sex again because I’m afraid that my rapist gave me HIV. I will never live with myself and I can’t tell my friends or the boy I’m talking to. I have nobody, no support and I’m afraid to go get tested on Saturday bc i hate needles but it has to be done.  If the test results come out positive, it’s the end for me bc nobody will love me and I’m just a dirty worthless piece of shit. I wish i never existed. And I’m in so much agony and pain and stress, my (then clear) face is breaking out and making me feel even worse.

I don’t know what to do and I’m scared and i feel hopeless. I feel like death is my only way out.

UPDATE 9/6/19: So today I found out he has a girlfriend who he got pregnant. And he already has a kid. So he has two kids now. My anxiety is a little calm now because I’m sure if he had HIV they would have it and so would their kid and knowing his babymother, she would have him in court and tell the whole school about how dirty he is. But it also makes me upset because he just has raw sex with any female and decided it was okay to rape me knowing he doesnt care about the consequences. I could’ve been that pregnant girl. I hope to god he used the condom correctly and that he doesnt have any incurable STD. But that still doesnt erase the fact that he abused my body and now I don’t love it anymore. I’m still disgusted by my body now and I feel dirty ashamed.

I wish this would all end. I think I might kill myself soon. I can’t focus on life rn when all of this is happening.