So I flirted for the first time
First sorry for my english, I'm working on it.

I'm a 22 year old man. I used to spend my time at home, doing solo activities without really thinking about socializing with people in the real world. I just had fun on my own because of trust issues towards people.
A friend of mine invited me a few times to hang out with his friends at bars in Paris. The first times I was kind of scared of what could happen because I don't speak that much and didn't want to spend the night being quiet therefore I used to find BS last-second excuses not to go.

 But then I've been to Iceland on a trip with the class (3rd year and about to get my licence degree). We had nothing else to do beside going to bars at night and it drastically changed my point of view. Why would I spend week-ends at home when I can have fun with people ?

So this week I asked my friend if they were planning on going out this week-end and he invited me to come meet his buddies. 
I made the effort of talking to everybody and was quickly integrated in the group (despite not talking much nowadays, I was the complete opposite before so it wasn't that hard afterall). 
At one point this girl joined us and I immediately started to talk to her, asking questions about what she does in life, what she likes etc. Turned out she has a very interesting point of view on some things in life so we discussed for about an hour on deep topics. 
I noticed we had a lot of eye contact when talking, and while sitting, she was replacing herself closer to me from time to time so I didn't miss opportunities to slightly compliment her and imply we should meet again. I really surprised myself at how direct and stressless I was at flirting. I now think it's natural for all men but sometimes we just convince ourselves its not. 
At the end I offered her a cocktail, she said she was very thankfull and we kept talking a bit. Maybe 10 minutes before she lives I asked her number and told her we should meet soon again and she blushed and didnt reply.
What amazes me is how I kept control of myself and how things have gone perfectly smoothly. Really it's no big deal at all. 

This morning she sent me that she " spent a good night yesterday :3 ". I'm think about inviting her in Paris again next saturday but honestly I don't make it a big deal at all once again. 
In fact we didn't talk at all about relationships and what she expects because 1) I didn't even think of questioning her about that 2) I think it would be too early anyway. I don't even know what I want with her or if I' ready to date someone. What is your advice on what i should do next ?

TLDR : I've never dated girls, never really been to bars talking with strangers, never flirted. But I somehow managed to flirt a bit with a girl I met there. She looks interested, gave me her number and now I'm thinking about asking her out again. I dont foresee any relationship for now but I'm curious where it could lead us.  What would you advise to do next ?
For the guys who think it's hard, just drink a bit its a good way to stay calm and keep control of the situation. The flirting process is easy when the girl is receptive, it even encourages to go deeper in the process.