Advice on taking a supervising position overseeing two men who clearly have an issue with my age and gender
I’m currently in an office of 4 with one vacant position: three advisors (including me) and one manager (the vacant spot is a fourth advisor).

Two of the advisors are older men while I and my supervisor are younger women. Both men struggled with my supervisor in different ways. Both men also clearly do not respect me and my ideas in their own way.

My supervisor had given her two weeks and I have been offered to take her position. This would be my first supervisory role AND I would now be supervising the two men.

One of the men is very unprofessional in every meeting and sends unnecessary unprofessional and passive aggressive emails to our supervisor and copies our whole team. My supervisor had me provide a statement for HR to put in his file. Another department submitted another statement addressing his lack of professionalism. This guy also does the minimum. 

The other man told me from day one to get out. He has been applying to every position he can. He’s been in the same position for 10+ years. He treats me like a child and dismisses my thoughts and ideas. He always complains to me about our current supervisor and does not follow procedures when it effects other students, even after addressed three separate times in different ways. This guy also does the minimum.

I intend to meet with my supervisor and talk to her about my concerns before deciding on the position.

Pros to accepting the position: a slight pay raise and supervisory experience

Cons: adding an hour to my commute there and back again (currently 45-60 mins) which means more gas, seeing the first man everyday since my office would’ve next to his (currently my office is not on main campus), not work directly with students as often (which I know comes with moving up in student affairs).

Any thoughts on taking or not taking?
Anyone who’s dealt with experienced such as this?
Any webinars or books to look into for new supervisors or dealing with people such as this?

I’m looking for any and all opinions/advice/stories I can get as I have to make my decision at the beginning of the next week. 


NOTE: I was told the two guys will NOT be offered the position because they don’t trust them in the position and don’t think it fits. They said they MIGHT offer it to someone else on campus if I say no, otherwise they have to open for applications.


UPDATE 1.6.20: I got a call this morning saying they’ve changed the position slightly. They’re removing the supervisory aspect and would only give me 2k more a year for the position (which would probably just cover the additional gas for the heat). The two incentives to take the position have been removed so I will NOT be taking the offer and will be focusing on helping my students and finding another job (still). Here’s to hoping my interview goes well at the institution closer to home in two weeks!