I shouldn't have to spend money to have friends
I'm so fucking tired of having to spend money to hang out with friends. It's always like, hey let's  get some lunch or hey let's get a drink. What do we do afterwards? Nothing!!!! Really i just blew like $20 on food I didn't even want just to leave the house for an hour.

What happened to hanging out at people's houses? My house isn't an option and it seems like EVERYONE i know also comes from some sort of broken home or has a shit ton of family staying with them. I hate this. I wish i had a place to invite my friends over to. I hate not having my own space. 

My social life is crumbling cause I'm tired of spending money. Fuck this overpriced town. I'm socialable, I'm friendly. Why the fuck couldn't i be born into a house that wasn't broken. Why the fuck can't i have the social life i want. 

I mean fuck you're just as lonely as i am. It feels like everyone i meet is just as lonely. "Oh hey let's hang out outside of class." And do what???? Neither of our houses are an option, my car is totaled and you don't drive, on top of that you don't work. You're lonely cause you come from a broken home. Everyone i know comes from a broken home. You all feel how i feel but it's like none of us can do anything about it. Fuck this.  

Last week you told me that there was a kickback happenning and i was pumped. Like seriously i love going over to people's houses, having a close knit group of friends just drinking and playing  board games or mario kart. It's cheap, fun, and we're in the comfort of someone's home. BUT NOPE. For some shitty reason those plans got scrapped and now it's just "oh we're going to get drinks at this bar." Fuck that. That's not fun. That's expensive and i'm sure it bothers you to on some level. I'm just really fucking pissed that whenever i want to hang out with someone i have to spend money I don't have and no one i know has an open pad. Not one person i know can be like "hey man come on over." Fuck this place.