Coworker blaming me for suicide attempt - How do I proceed?
Me: 28
Fiancé: 32
Psycho bitch: mid-late 30s

Recently my boyfriend/FI popped the question after a year together! We work at the same company but he’s in a different office an hour away. 

About a week after that I got a work email at 3AM from some bitch (PB) in his office. Claimed they’d been dating for 5 years, he’s the father of her 9 y/o daughter, how could I sleep at night destroying a family, I don’t need a husband when I have a good job, and if I could get a white man why did I need to “take a good Black man.” She threatened to go to my supervisor that I was “fraternizing at work”. 

I emailed her back, “Don’t ever contact me again; and do your career a favor and keep made-up personal drama off your work server.” 

Both FI & several friends at his office confirmed FI’s story - he took her out once 5 years ago for workday lunch while PB was going through a divorce.  (I knew this before we got together) Also a friend sent me some screenshots of FB - PB and her daughter are the whitest people ever. Turns out the little girl’s dad knows my parents and is a good guy.  

In other words PB built a lot up in her mind & people have been working to make her understand it’s not true; they were never in a relationship. 

I went to PB’s supervisor; she got written up & had to attend sensitivity training or something. 

My supervisor wasn’t delighted that I was dating someone at the company, especially since FI and I (and 150-some others) roll up to the same VP. He said that going to the supervisor was unnecessary and that I needed to “hide (my) disdain for single moms better.”  He was unable to provide specifics. 

I just learned that the other night PB went on some bender and sent out a bunch of unhinged messages to coworkers about me ruining her and her daughters life before attempting suicide (in front of the girl). I’m horrified she got to that point, but also furious she brought my name into it. 

It sounds like she’ll be Ok physically (girl is with her dad) but I’m meeting with Hr tomorrow. Should I expect to have a job when that meeting is over?