Anyone else feel horrible for not being successful in dating? (24 M)
I’m so sick of it. I hear so many comments about not having a girlfriend from my family and coworkers. Either they’ll ask why I’m not getting dates despite explaining myself so many times, or they find ways to make comments about it in conversation. They act like it’s the easiest thing in the world, they’ll say “just go on tinder” even though I’ve made it clear that I’m not comfortable with the idea of hookups, not that I would even be able to get them. 

The worst part is that everyone is absolutely enthralled by my younger brother, he’s the little darling of our family even though all he does is constantly pump and dump chicks like some kind of pickup artist. He’s a beefy jock type so it makes sense that he’d have more success. But I just feel like they’re always trying to compare me to him because the rest of the family (especially the men) are a lot more like him than me. It’s always been that way. I’m usually the lightning rod everyone gangs up on. 

Here’s the thing. I’m smaller, I’m nerdy, I’m less outgoing. I like to stay inside and read books or discuss various topics. I like myself though. I don’t want to change. I’m sick of feeling like everyone wants me to though and that to be a valid man I have to attract women and to attract women I have to be a certain way. 

You know, I’ve tried. I’ve approached so many women. I believe I have a lot to offer and that I’m not a loser, so I don’t have confidence problem. Whats bothering me is the endless rejections I have come to expect. I’ve kind of given up at this point because I always just know I’ll get rejected. It really hurts constantly feeling worthless and lonely, after a while you begin to think there must be something mentally wrong with you. But you can’t find the reason and that drives you crazy so you try on all these different philosophies about dating but none of them really ever fit.

Now I just want to be left alone to not date and tell people I’m just not really interested. But maybe I’m the biggest hypocrite of all because that’s a greasy lie. The truth is, late at night all I can think about is how nice it would be just to know that somebody I like actually likes me back. 

Thanks for coming to my TED talk.