I'm almost 40 years old and have no degree. Can you help with direction and degree recommendations?
 I am a person who is 40 years old with no degree and I am concerned about job security and the next 25 years of work.  
 

In my teenage years I took vocational and career classes.  I started  college but had to work instead.  I have worked my way up the past 23  years as a draftsman, a cad modeller, a tool maker, a designer and now  an engineering manager for the aerospace industry.  Most of what I do  now is Solidworks design.  I have experience in mechanical, electrical,  hydraulics, pneumatic systems and many various software systems.  I  design turn-key packages that include all of these elements.

I also do  some light programming in PLC, VBA and have previous experience with  HTML, PHP, Pearl, SQL.  I love computers and tech.  Building and repairing  PC's has been a hobby since I had a Tandy 6mhz.   I also build stuff.  Book  cases, picnic tables, bathrooms, kitchens, full size decks... doesn't  matta.  I can calc some hydraulic forces for you and spec cylinders and fittings, or drop you a new stainless dual tub with sprayer and disposal in a few hours.  
 

I can obviously tell that times have changed.  
 

Upset about the election results, my own employer has started a crusade  against "uneducated" people.   He also changed my title to strike the  word "Engineering" from it and replace it with "Design" as that doesn't  imply "Fake engineer".  It does not seem to matter that I have designed  millions of dollars of product for him, having completed close to a  thousand designs over the last 20 years.   I am still paid very well  regardless.  As acting Design Manager I do manage actual engineers with  actual degrees (is this all sounding crazy?) and I TEACH them our  industry.  
 

Anyhow.  It appears I need some papers to support the idea that I'm not  stupid.   The worst part of it is when I tell anyone how I make a  living, the very first comment is "Where did you go to school?" and I  sheepishly have to explain that I'm technically uneducated.  
 

I'm also concerned that if I needed a new job in the next 20 years I may  not be hired because I do not have a degree.  I have a stunning amount  in 401K, investments as a safety net.  I currently have 2 houses, one of  which I rent, and 4 income streams.  Therefore I feel that I do not  need the king of degrees, I just need groundwork to be considered by  companies.  I feel by 2030 no one will be allowed to WORK without a  degree, as even being a secretary now requires a degree >.<  
 

I am not sure if I want a degree in mech or aerospace.  With the second  half of my life, I may want to focus more on computer systems, or  perhaps focus on management.  But I need a direction to get started.   I  was also looking at the online schooling, as I work 10 hour days and  have a family.  If I could start with an associates that could later be  used toward various bachelors that would be very helpful.  I really do  not know a lot about the education process itself.  
 

I was also thinking I could add certs and licenses too, in various trade  skills.  I could also get a cert for Solidworks Certified Professional  and whatnot pretty easily, but never thought that would actually "mean"  something on a resume.  
 

Any posts appreciated.  Sorry this was long winded