Is the 9th Circuit really "the most liberal and overturned circuit" in the history of the USA?
After the recent decision by the 9th Circuit to continue barring Trump's immigration restrictions there has been some backlash on conservative leaning media, concerning the history and reputation of the 9th Circuit:

Fox News has recently written an article that says: 

>It routinely is the most overturned court in the U.S. In 2012, the Supreme Court reversed 86 percent of the rulings it reviewed from the ninth.

and that

>Critics deride the court, calling it the “Ninth Circus” and the “Nutty Ninth.”

http://nation.foxnews.com/2017/02/09/ninth-circuit-most-overturned-court-us

The LA Times also has an article about the 9th Circuit from September of last year on the subject of it's alleged left-leaning bias. To quote: 

>The court’s reputation for leftist judicial activism is so legendary that conservative groups mount perennial efforts to split up the 44-judge court, the largest in the nation. In 2011, Newt Gingrich called for abolishing the “anti-American” circuit outright.

The article discusses some of it's historical appointments and liberal biases but comes to the conclusion that it's overturn rate is due to the size of its region and the huge amount of cases it sees. 

On the other hand liberal-leaning news sources (in my opinion) such as ABC take the stance that the liberal reputation of the 9th Circuit is overblown. According to ABC the 9th Circuit appears very liberal because of the large influx of appointees in Carter's administration. ABC says that these "Carter" judges are too advanced in age to matter or are simply dead. 

http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/scholars-liberal-reputation-9th-circuit-overblown-45316853

>But some legal scholars say the 9th Circuit's liberal reputation is overblown and that the court has moved to the middle as some of President Jimmy Carter's appointees — who were considered extremely liberal — have taken semi-retired "senior" status or passed away.

Other organizations such as the American Bar Association have rated the 9th Circuit very poorly and has given it the second lowest grade of any federal circuit. 

http://www.americanbar.org/content/dam/aba/migrated/intelprop/magazine/LandslideJan2010_Hofer.authcheckdam.pdf

The 13 Circuits are graded by their performances with respect to Supreme Court decisions in the above .pdf link.  

I noticed that the 9th Circuit is actually the second most overturned court. I also noticed that the 6th and 10th Circuits are of, essentially, the same caliber in terms of being overturned by SCOTUS. 

Only 14/44 of the active and open seats (only 4 vacant seats at the moment) in the 9th Circuit have been appointed by conservative presidents ( Reagan, Bush Jr and Sr, and Nixon). The rest have been appointed by Carter, Clinton, and Obama. 

Is the 9th Circuit truly a liberal biased court, in the way certain media outlets are making them out to be? Do they suffer from overturns because they have the largest geographical spread of any Circuit? What historical context should we consider when discussing the reputation of the 9th Circuit? How much does the size of the 9th Circuit's region really affect the dispositions of this circuit?