Feeling a lack of motivation at work. Any advice?
I always seem to turn to reddit for such questions for some reason. I guess there's something convenient about asking total strangers who don't know you. I really don't know who else to ask about this, but it's been bugging me for a while now.

I've been feeling a lack of motivation at work for months now. I'm not too sure of the reason, but I think I know part of it. Which is, my skill level is way higher than most of my teammates. I always help them, but it's not my job to be educating them about everything, this is stuff they should've learned from their experience. Instead, I find myself constantly having to help people with their tasks, on a near daily basis. This is draining me. I feel like maybe this gap in the skill set is playing a major role in my lack of motivation, since if I'm being honest, I constantly feel like I'm being dragged down. My own progression at work has been really slow for a while.

I really don't know what I should do. Is it simply time to leave the job? Should I just tell my boss that the team needs some professional training? But then again, I don't want my team to think I think they suck. I don't think they do, I just honestly think that their skill level should be higher considering the amount of experience they have. I personally have about the same amount of experience as they do, so I can't find an explanation for the skill gap. Another possibility I'm dreading is that this could be a sign of depression. Could that also be a possibility or does it sound just absurd?

I'd really appreciate any help or advice. Please don't misunderstand my post. I'm not complaining about my teammates, I'm just honestly trying to figure out the source of my lack of motivation and how best to tackle it.

EDIT: Just to reiterate in case this goes the wrong, I don't think my team are bad at their job (even though I truly think some of them could be better), I just think that maybe I also might have worked on my skills a bit too much. Ok I'll say it, there's no other way to put it, I do think I'm good at my job. Not amazingly great, but still good (I did put a great deal of effort though). So I'm also taking part of the fault for this skill gap.