I am so tired
I have entered this on a different subreddit, but no one seems to be too responsive (besides one person who I am really thankful for). I want to hear more from others....I'm a very introverted person, and I'm smart. I know what I should do to get help, I know what the sources of my problems are, I know what I have to do. But I am so tired.

To make a long story short, I was emotionally, physically, verbally, and sexually abused for the first eleven years of my life, and now I am adopted by my godparents, who I highly respect as my mother and father.Anyways, like I said, I'm a private person. This means people say things to me without thinking how I might feel about it. I also do not share my past memories with others- I need to move on. I cannot blame them for their ignorance, that would be rude.  So when people get mad, and yell at me, I leave my face blank and take it. But it's been hard lately. When my mom gets upset with me, practically anything that leaves my mouth is talking back or an excuse. It makes me feel like her scolding me about being ungrateful means I don't deserve what she gives me- that I don't deserve a loving mother, I deserve what I had, and that my feelings are excuses. But I take it, and I bounce back.Those outside of family know me as a happy, innocent, smart, and responsible person. If I am ever anything except some state of happy, people think it's weird of me. Because I always get back on my feet without them knowing I fell. But I am so tired of getting back up. Of forgiving everyone that has hurt me over and over. Of taking all of those offensive comments silently. Of fulfilling the expectations of those around me when I already expect perfection out of myself. Of trying to put effort into my appearance only to look at my own hands and feel revolted. Of acting. Of not feeling good enough for anyone.**I sometimes wish I had a normal life, but look back on it and would rather it be me than anyone else. And I want someone to see that. To not think I am vein or naive, instead looking into me. Looking at my pain, my struggles, my scars, my fighting, and be grateful. To hold me and say it was worth it, that I am strong. To let my tears fall, and look me in the eyes and say "thank you".**