Yet another imposter syndrome post
Oye. How do you snap out of having one of those imposter syndrome flus? What are some tricks that have worked for you and helped you get your head back in the game?

I’ve been kicking butt all year- fellowships, travel awards, research grants with 2 more large ones pending. I ‘thought’ I made strides towards my research agenda this year, until last week.

Presented the beginning stages of a paper and pretty much got roasted (so it felt). I’m not going to lie- the people who even took an interest are tops in their field and provided amazing feedback, but dang! I fully expected it to be brutal, but not THIS brutal. I left feeling that meeting like I’m the biggest loser in my department and not grad school material. More importantly like I’m an absolute waste of time on their end. It’s been about 5 days and still can’t bring myself to look at more than a sentence of the written feedback they gave me. Not even the notes I wrote down during the meeting. 

I’m sure it’s equal parts imposter syndrome and just graduate school burnout in general. 

What has helped you get your head back in the game?

****Edit: thanks all for your posts and comments, but I think the main question I’m asking is getting lost in the message so I’ll ask it again: What has helped you get your head back in the game? You know, self care tips that have worked for you?

- yes I know I need to ‘suck it up’ and grad school is tough and life is tough but this also doesn’t mean that I am expected to dismiss how I feel. Further, this isn’t my first bout of rejection. Like I said before- this is a combination of imposter syndrome mixed with just general grad school burnout that is making it hard for me to find the energy to push through. I know what has happened as a good thing, but it still doesn’t dismiss the fact that  I feel like garbage about it. That in itself is my issue at the moment. Techniques for limiting burnout/imposter syndrome. 

I don’t expect to have a hand holding session by my professors, either. Thankfully one of the reviewers has been amazing with constructive feedback, so this isn’t really a hazing issue. It’s 100% my issue. We have those hazing a*hole professors here too, and you learn quickly who to steer clear from. 

Anyway- thank you to those that got my initial question and offered some tips in my inbox. Hopefully this will clarify what I’m asking. :)