People don't consider the psychological consequences of being poor
We all agree that the idea of budgeting yourself out of poverty is utter bullshit, but one thing I never see anyone talking about is how hard it is to have self-control when you're poor

You chronically don't have enough money to do what you want to do. 

Your car breaks down? You're fucked.

A relative or yourself get sick? You're fucked.

And there's bills, food, gas, rent.

If you're poor, most likely you work a lot and earn very little. You are deprived of energy, nutrition, and happiness.

Then you get like, 300 extra bucks. You've wanted to get pizza for three months. You've walked past that expensive book you've wanted to buy for months. There's that bicycle you've wanted for years. That nice phone (yours sicks, of course). That pretty dress. Those nice shoes.

For MONTHS you've wanted that. MONTHS. Willpower is a limited resource. You've been forced to economize every dollar for necessities for a lengthy period of time.

Chances are that you're going to spend those 300 hundred dollars in something you don't need because you are TIRED. Deprived. Unhappy. You have these 300 hundred dollars now. You don't know when the next 300 hundred will come. You could indeed put them aside... but that byke? When will you have the money again? 

You've worked 12 hours and you're coming home. Your fridge is empty. You should go to the grocery store, pick food, get home, get the bags home, cook the food, eat the food 2 hours later. You are too tired for that. You still have to clean your house up and have a shower. It's three weeks that you want pizza. You say "fuck it" and buy pizza even if you can't really afford it. 

Rich people spend their money better because they know they are going to have more money. There's no rush because if they can't buy the bicycle this month, you will be able to another time. They could afford pizza last week, so it's easier to say no to pizza this week. They worked 8 hours, there's time to clean up. Other money is going to come.

We are just human beings. We are constantly bombarded with ads and things and new needs created by new markets (smartphones didn't even exist in 2007. Now you literally can't function in society without one and an internet connection. You literally can't find a job if you don't have at least a smartphone). Poor people do tend to do poor choices when it comes to money, but it's just physiological (I, at least, do many). You can only go so far with depriving yourself of pleasurable things.

Sooner or later you are going to break and spend your money on something dumb because you are exhausted.

It's not just a matter of not materially having money. No one considers energy, time and willpower, resources that you quickly finish when everything you have to do it grind your teeth and keep going.

EDIT: I meant 3 hundred not 300 hundred sorry lol I'm tired