The annoying lexicon of suicide dissuasion
If anyone out here is legitimately on the verge of a crisis and seeking the slightest nudge of a signal from the universe that they ought to just go through with it, I'd strongly urge them to not read any further because I would never dream of being that catalyst to anyone. I'm a miserable, wretched and broken person with the unfortunate burden of being paralytically self-aware which makes me incapable of doing anything that I can poke holes of rationality in.

I fucking hate the entire existing system and lexicon of suicide-support. The hollow meaningless and empty cliched routine that everyone instantly spews at you is just nauseating to me. In a strange way I think it is an effective deterrent because the second someone hears words like "you're not the only one going through this" or "you have so much to live for" or "things will get better", I imagine that even at least a tiny part of their brains is so revolted by what they hear that they're momentarily distracted from their hopes to end it all. For gods fucking sake could people shut the fuck up for one second and stop talking to me like I'm a fragile little toddler having the news of my parents impending divorce broken to me or something?

If you'll bear with me and be patient, let me explain myself. We're all fully realized, functioning adults here. We don't get to the point of contemplating suicide because our favorite boyband broke up. We don't need banal paltry consolation from random strangers on the internet who will say to us "Your'e not alone, we understand", before vanishing and never having any form of meaningful contact with us again. What is the point of some arbitrary words of kindness from a person who has absolutely nothing to do with your life? The reason we're in this fucking mess here is because of people in OUR own lives, tragedies in OUR own lives, failures, loss, heartbreak, devastation, clinical  depression that you can't afford to treat and even if you could afford to treat it, the side effects of the medication include even more suicidal thoughts. 

I wish people would just respect that we all have our own troubled journeys and we all have our reasons for posting here. It is incredibly short-sighted, offensively stupid and patronizing for someone else who has no idea what you have been through to just tell you that everything is going to be hunky dory. I wish people would just say "You know what, I hear you. I get it. You do what you need to." Because that to me is exponentially more empathetic, meaningful, profound and compassionate than the typical "no you're wrong, stop what you're doing, think of everyone who will miss you" bullshit approach.

That's even the thing that bothers me so much about professional help. I'm literally dying here, dragging my disgusting raggedy corpse out of bed every day is pure agony, I physically cannot even cry any more because I'm so dehydrated from all the crying from the night before, the only reason I get out of bed is to go take a piss after jerking off 14 times a day for the temporary 30-second high of endorphins it gives me that is enough to get me to walk to the fridge and drink some expired orange juice. And a stranger has the audacity to tell me that it's entirely my responsibility to work even harder to save even more money and to seek out a professional therapist to talk to. Do you see what's inherently fucked up about that? It's not the responsibility of indifferent parents who know so little about you that they wouldn't understand 90&#37; of your suicide note if you left them one. It's not the responsibility of the people who treated you like shit, of your friends who haven't noticed anything was wrong in over 6 years and who wouldn't ever even know you were dead because your facebook profile would still be up. There's nobody. It's all you. YOU ALONE are expected to try even harder when you can barely walk, you weigh 15 pounds, your hair is falling out, your teeth are loose, it is your responsibility to seek help. 

Let me give you a hypothetical. Let's say that the very problem that I have is that I have nobody in my life who would WANT to talk to me of their own accord. That's my problem - that nobody wants to talk to me. Then how is the solution to that problem to PAY somebody to talk to me? That simply furthers the problem by reinforcing the point. That even a designated "helper" will only talk to me if I incentivize them with money. And so the problem persists. I don't want a shrink. I don't want random strangers who spew meaningless well wishes just so they can feel warm and fuzzy inside and imagine they helped someone somewhere across the world. I just want people to be fucking honest and real for one solitary second and say "Damn dude. Shit sounds rough. I honestly don't know what I'd do if I were in your position. If you think killing yourself is the most viable option you have - I guess you've probably already considered every other alternative. You do you. Godspeed." That would mean the world to me. That would be such a pure, profound, refreshingly objective thought. And that would help more than any of the other sugar-coated infantile nonsense.

We're fucking people. We still have to work hard every day to even afford to pay the electricity bills and the internet bills so we can come on Reddit and navigate to Suicide Watch and type a post here. We're not goddamn idiots who are gullible enough to think everything is all unicorns and rainbows just cause a stranger tells us that our parents will miss us when we're gone. Some of us have shitty fucking parents or no parents at all. Some off our corpses won't be discovered for months because we're just that lonely and nobody in our lives gives two fifths of a fuck about us to even wonder if something is wrong if we don't answer our phones a couple of times. Some of us are ONLY still alive because our cats need to be fed and if we were gone, they'd end up in a shelter because we have nobody else who would take them in. 

I don't know man. I've rambled on long enough and probably incited enough downvotes by this point. I just wish people didn't have such a simplistic view of things. It's not like you can walk up to a depressed person and say "hey don't be sad" and they'll be like "omg wow! i never saw it that way before! i'm all better now!". You can't go up to a suicidal person and say "hey, don't kill yourself." It'd be so much better if you could say "hey, I get it. I'm sorry. Maybe nobody in your life will miss you. I probably won't miss you either. But I do hope you make it out of this sometime."