I’m lonely and depressed
So I was off on a youth volunteer program, located across the country.  We would have been traveling to a second place, which didn’t happen.  I was in a house with 10 youth from around Canada, who started off as strangers.  We were living together for 2 1/2 months before we were sent home, which was halfway through the programme.

I met some of my best friends.  We have plans in over a year to do a road trip across the country.  But I won’t see them until then, as we live so far apart from each other.  I loved the time we all had together.  There were ups and downs, but I got a lot from the experience.  I’m generally quite shy, so it was amazing to be surrounded by people, socializing 24/7.  I definitely came out of my shell.  We would stay up late, and all sleep in the same room.  We would wake up, and have breakfast together.  Anytime I felt like going out for a walk, I always had friends around to join me.  We smoked weed many nights together, watched movies, and made food late at night.  It was what I always felt like I was missing, not having any siblings who I had this relationship with.  Anytime I was feeling a bit off, my friends were there to talk to me about it.

Also, I was independent.  I could do what I wanted and be who I wanted to be.  I wasn’t being told by my parents how to behave, or being judged by a group of friends from home who I act a certain way around.  I came into the programme as myself, and only myself.  I didn’t have to act a certain way to fit in with a group of friends, or act a certain way at home to please my parents.  Don’t get me wrong, I love my parents.  But I’m at the time of my life (17M, btw) where I want that freedom.  I want to explore who I can be.

We were supposed to travel other places, and fly to a different part of the country to spend the second half of the trip.  Then we got quarantined.  Then we were sent home.  My friend and I who happened to be on two flights took some edibles before.  We had to leave at 3:30, so we didn’t bother sleeping before we went to the airport.  These edibles hit HARD.  Once I got to the gate we’d be waiting at, I was paranoid.  There was people around.  These people might have COVID-19.  The seat I’m sitting on might have COVID-19.  I couldn’t escape it.  It was everywhere.  Whenever I heard someone cough, it felt like an impending bioweapon.  But I was trapped in this airport and couldn’t avoid it.  I had a mini-panic attack in the washroom.  

I got on the flight, and it was surreal.  I hasn’t really processed things yet.  But I started to drift off to sleep, and saw myself at the house we were staying, with everyone in my volunteer group around.  Then I woke up.  And the whole world came rushing into me.  I was on a flight.  I was leaving.  I was going home.  I might not see some of those people ever again.  My volunteer program experience was now in the past, and I couldn’t change that.  I wanted to cry.  It’s not like I even really LIKED everyone in my group.  But after spending almost three months living with them, I was still attached to them.  And it was hard to leave that behind.

After a blurry ~14 hours, I finally got to my home airport.  My parents met me there and picked me up.  I told them how things went, but it’s impossible to really communicate my experience.  I got home, but realized I wasn’t really home.  Things were different.  Society has morphed into a nightmare-like dystopia.  I’m not even allowed to see all my friends.  How has the world changed so quickly?

I was able to go out and see two of my friends.  We played basketball, and it was pretty fun.  I told them about how my trip was, and shared a few stories.  But it was weird.  These used to be who “my friends” were.  They’re still some of my best friends, of course, but now I have OTHER friends, who I consider to be almost as close.  And with these other friends, I have plans in the future to go on a road trip across the country with.  It’s weird knowing that I know have other close friends, who my best friends don’t even know.  And it was weird coming back home, seeing my friends, and knowing that I don’t even want to be here.  I want to be back with my youth volunteer group.  My friends were really happy I was back, but I can’t possibly feel the same way under these circumstances.  I’m NOT happy to be back.  I don’t WANT to be here.  My life is so depressing now.

Almost every moment since I’ve been back, I’ve felt like I’ve suffered.  Sometimes, for brief moments, something has made me feel happy.  And I’ve felt content for that moment.  But then I remember my current situation, and it feels like a pang to my stomach.  I feel like I can’t escape this world of misery.  I know that COVID-19 will blow over, I’ll have a good summer with my friends here.  And next year, I’ll go on a road trip with my good friends from the programme.  But right now I just feel empty.  What am I gonna do for the next few months?  I wasn’t even supposed to be here.