Threatened to not share any salary information.
I had a meeting with my boss about my growth with the company. They were having a hard time finding a new person for my previous position (two people had quit after a couple days) and I said I wanted to talk about my growth in my new position since for three months and an undetermined amount of time going forward I was still performing most of the old duties. She asked me where I got the idea of "normal salary progression" for my new position. I said that in my initial interview it was outlined pretty plainly. She asked if I was also getting information from my peers. I (regretfully) said something like, "Eh, a little." Then she said there was something she wanted to discuss. When I had originally been promoted and she had presented me with my new salary, I had argued for a salary a couple thousand higher, citing my strong performance and previous contributions. I had said something like "my understanding is that if people had been performing really well they received a bump up a couple grand higher." She said I cited my coworker's salary as reference. I said I didn't remember saying anything like that (completely true, why would I cite a coworker?!). She asked me if he had shared his salary with him, knowing he was a close work friend of mine. After some grilling I conceded and said "Um, I guess". She said because of both of these concessions she was going to sit down everyone in the department and ask them to stop disclosing their salary moving forward. I stated that this placed me in a really bad position and asked if that was really necessary. I emphasized that 90% of my expectations came from the initial interview where it was outlined plainly. She said, well did only FRIEND discuss this with you? Honestly I'm bad at lying, but the funny thing is I only knew a couple other people's salaries. Mostly I just know the normal promotions and when to expect them (I thought this was a good thing, knowing the positive things to look forward to as you develop skills). It was obvious in my face that it wasn't true, so I finally cited that only an employee who had quit had disclosed his salary to me. She made me promise to never disclose my salary in the future. Somehow I feel like I really mishandled this situation by giving even the slightest previous implication that salaries were discussed. I used to work in the government where salaries were just common knowledge. I know what she did was illegal, but where does this put me now? Does anyone have any thoughts? Before this entire conversation she had told me how great of a job I was doing. But I feel like I really bungled this.