I don't think I've ever had something so hurtful done to me.
I'm shaking from anger right now. About three weeks ago I met a guy on Bumble. He seemed great, we met up the day we matched and genuinely had such a good time together, he was constantly complimenting me on how amazing he thought I was. He was extremely mature and respectful to me, treated me insanely well. He goes to a military academy (supposed to be a "man" of **~honor~**, right) and just recently graduated, so I couldn't see him for two weeks because he had to quarantine but we had planned out a great overnight trip together to get to say goodbye to one another. 

He talked to me constantly every single day, asked me how my day was going, what I was up to, all the like. Was genuinely invested in having conversations with me, telling me how he was so excited to see me, planning our trip, etc. 

Tonight I bought him beers to celebrate his graduation and have been prepping/getting excited to see him for the past two weeks. 

The trip was tomorrow morning. 

And you know what just happened? 

**He blocked me on every social media platform and when I texted him to ask what was up, he sent me paragraphs about how he was having issues related to his ex and he felt like a horrible person for hooking up with me when we first met and that he wants to change. I explained to him that this absolutely was not acceptable and he basically told me he hated himself and that he was extremely sorry. He tried to explain himself and ask for forgiveness because he didn't want to hurt me and thought blocking me would be the best way to do it.**


Sure, I didn't know him long. I'll get over it. But to have someone lead me on all day every single day for two weeks, to get so excited for a trip, to buy him congratulatory beer and watch his (very long) graduation because he asked me to, only to have him do this?

I gave him FOUR chances (two of them today) to back out of our plans. He chose THE most cowardly option. 

We went back and forth for a bit but I've been on delivered for a while so I think he may have blocked my number as well. 

I'm in utter disbelief. 

I just needed to get this out. I know it's not a huge deal in the grand scheme of things but I'm so sick of being hurt by people like this. I try to see the good in everyone and trust people and this is what happens.