STOP pushing "sob stories"
Edit: Wow this got popular! My goal is to respond to everyone's questions by about 10pm Pacific on Monday. Thanks for your patience.

I've seen this sentiment circulating around here and some sister subs so instead of just making a dozen comments, I'm going to post this.

In response to anyone saying things like "admissions officers love 'trauma porn' " or "sob stories are the way to go, anyone saying otherwise is lying" or anything else disgusting like that: No. 

Nobody cares about your "sob story". I've been in the college amissions game for 8 years, first in Cal's Admissions office, then in the private sector.
I am so sick of hearing all this entitled, unqualified, ignorant nonsense.

If someone chooses to write about overcoming obstacles - and I've gotten numerous students into Ivies and flagship public schools (UMich, Berkeley, etc ) without them doing so- the focus needs to be on the skills the student gained from OVERCOMING said obstacle, not some "sob story" nonsense. 

Are you a skeptical cynic? Well then, think of it this way, nobody, I mean NOBODY, is going to admit you because they feel bad for you. Nobody reading your app could give half a clipped toenail about your personal circumstances unless they think those circumstances have made you a valuable asset to their school. 

Here's WHY students with shocking backstories get in to colleges. Because they became mothertrucking b*d*sses from it.

In research and in your professional life, spaghetti is gonna hit the fan all the time. Didn't get a research grant? Great, how are you going to get a new one or do without? You know what a good parallel for that is? Resourcefulness in the face of childhood poverty as a first gen college  student, as you figure out how to apply for food stamps and the FAFSA all on your own while your dad is outside the trailer drunk with the boys again.

Your undergrad minions all caught COVID and now they can't  ZOOM Interview research subjects? Great, how are you gonna juggle all that? Maybe with similar time management skills you developed having to work 20 hours a week in minimum wage jobs after school while maintaining a 3.8 and being president of your school's speech and debate team.

You're in residency and dealing with some very recalcitrant patients. You think back to when you were translating for your diabetic mother who couldn't speak English much less read an English nutrition label. You remember what you did that finally got her to listen and try the same type of empathy and understanding on your patients. They finally start getting it.

Or maybe you think back to when you were bullied because of an autoimmune disorder that had some unsightly physical effects and made you weak. You think about how you got through that, no way in heck you can't get through the disappointment of getting a C your first OChem midterm. You study your butt off and pass with a B (not great, but there's legit hundreds of thousands of doctors who still became doctors with a B or even a C in OChem. It's OCHEM.).

I could go on and on and on.

So many kids who have never faced anything remotely like hardships or setbacks CRUMBLE in these kinds of situations because they've never had to pick themselves up and wipe all the mud and blood off themselves. Resilience, tenacity, resourcefulness, determination, perseverance, ALL of these are qualities that are key for success in the real world. Colleges WANT PROOF of that. The ability to APPLY your smarts is just as important as being smart. That's why 4.0s with zero proof of life skills are sometimes rejected over super capable 3.7s.

Sure, a couple spitheads might slip through the cracks and get in with a pity essay - that was likely because they had a really strong rest of their app, or they're just really good a BSing. One shyster succeeding with crap isn't enough to endorse the sob story method. Plus,  most of those people  flunk out and wind up working a pity job at their daddy's company or minimum wage somewhere else. 

Nobody cares about how hard you had it if you didn't develop some valuable skills because of your experiences. We hate sob stories that are clearly looking for pity instead of narratives of overcoming obstacles that prove how powerful the applicant is.