RCMP saved my embarassing butt after a tinder date
So I went to a tinder date's condo recently. He came down and to get me so I didn't have to buzz to get in (i.e., fob to get into building and elevator). 

We had dinner and got into it. Now, we realized we weren't a match so after we were done and the alcohol leaves my system, I was hoping to leave without waking him or any pleasantries. I did exactly that. 

Once I got to my car I realized I FORGOT MY PHONE. My phone with my driver's license, credit card, and more importantly, Google map to get me home!  It was 2:30am at this point and I was going through the directory at his building to find his name but couldn't find it. 

I didn't know his last name. I didn't know his buzzer code. I couldn't get back upstairs, I couldn't drive, and I did not have the direction to go home. 

Thankfully, the RCMP (royal Canadian mounted police) station was across the street so I had the most dignified walk of shame to the police. After explaining the situation, one of them just went into the station to get the master fob to the building so I can knock on my date's door instead of getting a full report... Since it was clearly embarrassing and I didn't know my date all that well for them to look him up...

The officers were super nice about it. One of them reassured me that they face different situations everyday and that as long as I was safe and could get home, he was happy. The other officer made me feel better by saying at least now I can have a great tinder story plus a potentially good online review after I get my phone back to tell the world how the RCMP really did serve the community that night. 

The best part was, once they got me into the building and up the elevator, they hid in the corner so my tinder wouldn't see them when he opened the door in his boxers. 

Let me just publicly praise the Coquitlam RCMP pair who got me through a tough and awkward night. Thank you for protecting and serving last night. I've never felt more safe and part of the community than I did last night when tinder opened the door.

Tldr: I left my phone at tinder date, didn't know how to contact him so the police helped out. I got my phone back with a great little tinder story.

Edits: spelling