Ever since my mom died, my dad isn't able to pay the bills or buy groceries or can even afford to get me winter clothes.
Sorry if this isn't allowed. I posted on a different sub and was told to post here for tips on how to help my dad. 
Basically, in January of this year, my mom passed away. We aren't 100% sure what she died from but my dad thinks it was an aneurysm. I was 16 at the time. I don't know exactly how much but I do know my dad went into a lot of debt for my mom. I know right now he still owes over 10 grand to the funeral home and is pretty much never home because he's always working over time or on holidays. He worked thanksgiving day and has already told me he's working christmas eve and christmas day for the pay. 
The big problem is he's not paying our bills. We've had our lights shut off once already and he rarely buys groceries. Last night he told me he can't evem afford to buy me winter clothes because the funeral home is apparently calling him and demanding he pay more on his payments. But he refuses to let me get a job and even though I have my license, he won't let me drive my moms car. Ot has been sitting in our yard since she died and its just collecting dust but every time I bring it up, he yells at me and tells me I cant touch it.

I don't know how to help him, or me.  I need a new bra because the one I have now the underwire is constantly poking me .. All of my underwear has period blood stains and are at least 3 years old because my dad is too "squicked out" to buy me underwear.  I need long sleeve shirts and an actual winter jacket. I'm still wearing short sleeves and just layering them so I have enough to wear. It just sucks right now

I'm just not sure what to do for him. It seems like every time we talk, he gets upset and just ends up either yelling at me or shutting down and leaving in the middle of the conversation to lock himself in his room. I know he misses mom. I miss my mom too. She made everything better but right now I just want my dad back too. So if anyone has any idea on how I can help him please let me know. Thanks

Edit: Sorry for anyone who has messaged me, my inbox has been kinda flooded. I am going to speak to my guidance counselor tomorrow at school about everything. I already have my own bank account (it's one of the last things my mom and I did together was open up my own bank account) Thank you everyone for all of the tips and helpful advice. I really appreciate it