Mental Health during a job search
So I've been unemployed/underemployed for a while. It really eats at me with each failure and has affected my mental well being. I have a JD, but have been unable to pass the Bar exam and feel stuck in purgatory. Went to a top 20 uni and I've been fortunate enough to be a low level employee on a few national campaigns.  Despite all this I've been stuck in an underemployed situation, which has just eaten away at any self worth I had. 

I've had multiple positive interviews, but each one has resulted in a rejection. A few rejections were personalized to my interview, a few have even talked about how impressed they were with the last campaign I worked on. As nice as it is to hear I'm just tired of this cycle. I've given up time sacrificing my fourth of July weekend to work on a project for a potential employer or a friend's Bachelor Party another weekend because the interview schedule. The worst part is that same amount of hope that appears every time I interview, I wish it just didn't exist.

I really feel just tired of it all, sometimes I just don't even care to apply and kind of want to just end it. Just that same process of interview see some slight hope and then lose, it feels like purgatory. I know I need to find a healthy outlet, but really therapy or anything similar is out of the question as I just can't justify that expense. I have tried it before and I just hated knowing how much they were paid with how little they offered. Maybe the third time is the charm, but it feels like a huge risk in cost versus reward.  I feel hopeless and angry knowing a recession could be coming while I still can't find anything. This unemployment feels like my life is just passing by. I don't know why I am trying to even focus on this, but alcohol is neither a good solution nor is an absence of anything. I figured there are tougher people here with some good advice or suggestions. Perhaps there is nothing, but I figured I would check, I owe it to my friends and family for a few final shots at fixing this.

TLDR: What advice would you give for maintaining mental health during a job search?