Wishing I'd talked to a girl back in high school
So I've been shy for as long I can remember, it's not as bad as it used to be before I had really good friends, but by any normal measurements it's pretty bad. 

I've been out of high school for almost a year now and I've taken time off to work and make money and have a break from school work. I hate my job, I wash dishes every day and only see my friends at night. I've been feeling really unsatisfied with my life and realized that I miss school even with how awkward I felt a lot of the time. 

I miss when I would learn about stuff that actually interested me and I miss meeting people with similar interests. I never realized how hard it'd be to meet people once you're no longer in school. Since I've been thinking about school so much eventually my thoughts turned toward a girl in the same grade as me who I had 3 classes with my senior year and who I crushed on hard pretty much the whole year. 

She's cute definitely, curvy if nothing else, but what I really liked about her was her mind. I think intelligence and confidence are extremely attractive and this girl was both intelligent and confident. Or at least she seemed to be. The reason I say that is because one of my friends worked with her and they texted sometimes and he said she was actually really insecure which blows my mind because there was literally no reason for this girl to feel like that, but anyway. 

She was really smart and had a sarcastic sense of humor just like I do, literally every thing I heard come out of this girls mouth made me like her more. In one of the classes we had together I'd play music sometimes and I would play stuff like Beck (I'm very big into alternative music) and she would be into it which I loved because it's hard for me to find other people into the music that I'm into. She also always dressed really nice which seems random but I like dressing well myself so it stands out to me whenever girls do the same.

Let me see what else... she also hated the small town in Pennsylvania we lived in (she went to school out of state) and was into theater (I took four years of drama classes in high school), drinking (I prefer smoking weed but hey whatever), and books (I used to read a book a day) among other things I'm sure I would have discovered had we ever hung out. 

Despite all this, I never asked her to hang out once when we were in school together. When she signed my yearbook she even said she'd wished we'd been better friends. There's no reason for this besides my anxiety at approaching girls and I feel ashamed that I never did anything. I don't know why I'm writing this as I doubt anybody is gonna see it but I'm glad I wrote it all out if nothing else.