I think my boyfriend left me due to his depression and I need some help to understand and deal with this situation.
*(tl;dr at the bottom)*

Although I have more than enough mental problems on my own, depression probably isn't one of them. But it is the problem of my now ex-boyfriend.  
He isn't someone who talks much and I really tried to talk to him but it's hard to get any real information from him and although he seems to try to answer me, most times the answer is some variation of "I don't know".  
So I thought I'd ask you guys if anything in my story sounds relatable to you and if you have any idea about the situation of my ex and can maybe explain the things he can't (Of course I know that you can just make guesses but I'm trying really hard to understand him and I'm just so confused.)  
We both have our own problems but as a couple I wouldn't say we had any major problems. In the last months his depression got worse and I tried to support him but more often than not he prefers to be alone when he's feeling very bad and then I just try to give him enough space. That's why we're not as close as I would have liked but this slowly improved over time, so I was patient. We didn't see each other for a month due to badly timed holidays and when I came back, he broke up with me. His reasoning was something along the lines that he thinks I'm feeling more for him than vice versa and that our relationship was more like a friendship. (Which I think is true and at the same time isn't... It's definitely not just a friendship, but because I tried to not put any pressure on him and let things be more casual at times, we weren't already there where I would like my relationship to be.)  
That was two months ago. We're still texting each day and sometimes meet - we're not having sex or kissing but still, he doesn't treat me just like a friend and it seems like he doesn't want to. We're officially broken up... but we're not just friends.   
I explained my thoughts on this matter to him and he told me that he didn't think it through and maybe was overhasty to break up and admitted his actual reason for breaking up were his thoughts going in circles, so he just ended things to stop this - although it seems that this didn't improve anything for him.   
He said he doesn't know what his feelings for me are but he doesn't want to lose me and a lot of other things none of which sounded like things you tell a friend.  
I don't know what to do. I want to give him time but as far as I know, he's doing nothing to improve his situation and I can't take this much longer.   
I know that most people - especially in the relationship subreddits...  -  probably would just tell me to put an end to this and forget him. To confirm that I'm not totally delusional for thinking that we might get back together, I've talked to some friends... and surprisingly, no one told me to just give up and that they're confused, too, and also think that his behavior isn't that of "just a friend".

And now, I'm still here because I've seen that he really cares about me and feels more for me than for a friend. I have the feeling that the actual reason for the break-up and what's standing between us aren't not enough feelings or arguments or any other stuff... but his depression. Many people tend to cut people out of their lives too easily and I don't just want to leave this awesome person behind because he's going through a hard time.  


**tl;dr**: Boyfriend has depression and broke up with me but still treats me more like his girlfriend than just a friend. His reasons didn't sound like they have much to do with me but more with his depression. Doesn't know what he feels for me but doesn't want to lose me and wanted time to think and work on his problems - but isn't really doing anything. I have the feeling he wants to be with me but his depression prevent him from doing so. I'm so confused and don't know what to think or how to help him.

So... I'm not sure how to phrase my question or even what exactly I'm looking for... I guess I just want to hear some other thoughts on this.  
Does anyone of you ever left a partner due to your depression? Is it possible that his depression is so predominant that there is no space to develop intense emotions for another person?