When did life stop being fun?
Hiya, throwaway for obvious reasons.

I recently turned 26, and it basically started me on a long stream of quantifying factors of my life. The day itself was bad enough from my perspective, I just felt absolutely forgotten and I let myself dwell on the day. My brother's been fixing his house up so I was working on it all day, telling myself that I didn't care, but as the day went on, it sunk in more and ore, *neither does anyone else*

I guess since then, I've just been summing up things that have happened in my life and just not having it add up to much. Looking over the last few years in particular, since I left university, I've made no new friends, not seen anywhere new, not done anything noteworthy. All I seem to do is the same routine, of going to work, maybe meeting what few friends I have, and sitting around the house. I'm reasonably happy with work, but it's everything around that, that just seems to be no change. 

On the subject of my friends, I feel as though I'm increasingly distant from them. I have one group of friends, about 5 of us all around the same age. but more and more, I just feel like I don't get on with them. Our interests are all the same, but whenever I see them, all I feel like I contribute are bad jokes and banter. It's like I'm just part of the furniture, rather than an actual part of the conversations. Also, since this current spout of depression (if it is that, can't think of a better word) I find I'm just getting frustrated with them at the drop of a hat. I've known all of them for over 10 years, yet I'm taking offence to the kind of jokes that I'd happily dish out without a second thought. 

I think my social circle is probably what is getting me down the most. I'm a pretty quiet person anyway, but I find it really hard to talk to people I don't already know. Or rather I become super self concious of what I'm saying. I want to be able to talk to loads of people, to be the centre of attention, but I find it hard to find myself interesting or to talk about myself at length.

This feels ridiculous to put here, because all I have to complain about is a boredom with life. I honestly don't know what to do about it. I take the underground to work every day, and I just thought how easy it would be to even lean forward as a train was going past. But I caught myself thinking of how petty my problems are, I don't have anything worthy of needing to escape.

All I want to do is feel content like I used to. But I don't know what it is that I'm missing. I know that I feel empty, but i don't know how to change that perception of myself. 

Sorry for the rant, thanks for listening