Need help with life/love
So, im a 15 y.o. male. I've always been a little "down"/depressed (dunno), and I feel like i'm a little too careless about family, friends, etc, though i love to be with my friends. I don't know if this is a little over -estimated of me, but i think that despite being like that i may be a too much altruistic.

 So, some months ago, there was this girl in my class, and we've been friends for some time. One day, some dramatic things happnened and I fell in love with her. Like, i'm not even joking, it wasn't a crush, obsessive crush neither, i straight fell in love. I felt like i never loved anything like her in my whole life. Okay, some things happened, i discovered that in the end (at least with relationships matter) i am really careful and loving, and we ended up dating. So, everything was going fine, after some time she started acting a little strange, and after 2 months she broke up with me.

I just broke down, i didn't know what to think or what to do. Did I do something wrong? She was the one with problems? and i'm a very, very sentimental person, so this was really hard for me to accept as she literally was my world. 

Some time passed since then, and now's the real problem: I fear that I might end up living alone the rest of my life. Some time ago I started to think a little, and this is a little hard for me to explain, but I feel like I will never find someone for me. It feels like i'm a little disappointed with people today. Everyone's feelings seem so superficial, like everybody just wants to "fuck"/ have sexual experiences, I know a lot of people and I dont know anyone who isn't like that.

I just want someone who really loves me as much as I loved her, but for some reason that seems impossible to find. Every person i see on the streets seem at the same time "mean" and "superficial" in that way I described. Maybe i'm just delusional and nobody is like that. I mean, I obviously want to have these kinds of things, i'm human too, but i feel like nobody have true feelings for other people. Maybe I am right, and people are not the way I expected them to be, and unfortunately, that seems even more true in the country I live, as people here are really "sexualized". Maybe people have true feelings but i'm just a boring person, despite my efforts to be someone fun and "great" to be with.

I don't know why, but at the same time I feel like it will be really hard for me to fall for someone again as I look down on people that much. 

Summarizing, I feel like the kind of people I like (people just like me, really caring and care-needing) do not exist anymore, and I will never fall/have interest for anyone for the rest of my life, and me being this really sentimental person I am, living the rest of my life like that is impossible. I know that i'm too young for this but it feels like, in the sense of relationships, I'm a really mature person, in the sense that I want a really serious relation.

Also, that girl showed me a part of life I never knew, she kind of remembered me how feeling happy is, because I haven't felt that kind of happiness that you can physically feel in years. In fact, I haven't felt any kind of happiness for a really long time, and know that she is gone, there is something missing.

TL;DR : I basically think i will spend the rest of my life alone because I will never have any kind of interest in people as I think people today are not the kind of people i really like, which are really caring and loving people. As I am a really sentimental person that loves that feeling of real love, not any crush, it is impossible for me to live alone after my ex-gf, someone i loved more than the whole world left me, leaving some kind of "void". 

I hope to find someone that feels the same as me or either is someone like me in the sense of being both really care-needing and care-giving, so that I know I'm not correctly hopeless. I know that this issue may seem really kind of "dumb" for most people, but it is destroying me as I need someone in order to live happily. Thanks for reading