what a fucking mess that logically has a perfect solution
But just bothers the fuck out of me still the same.

I am married. Over 1 year now been together for about 6. I love my wife. I have a little 1 month old girl who is beautiful.

I have fallen in love with this wonderful girl that i met playing online games. This all sounds fucking lame and boring but hey its bothering me.

It was just sexy chat at first, flirting and fun, then it started to become a bit more serious and before i knew it i was falling for her and her for me.  We knew nothing could happen, and that i wouldnt leave my family.

Fast forward a bit, and she meets another guy and starts to form a relationship with him. At this time i realise im in trouble. This girl is inside my brain, every second i think about her. She tells me last night that her and this guy are official. Thats when i said "i would have left my wife for you" 
She said you should have told me before. She felt.. (past tense) that way but had to move on. At this point 12 hours later the reality of the situation hits me, i am so desperately attracted to this beautiful young woman but in my heart i couldnt leave my family, and i really do love my wife. (sex life is a bit zero atm, after just having a baby, and im on SSRI's which kill my sex drive anyway)

So right now, the situation is that i said i still want to be friends, and still want her in my life, and she feels that same way. We chat each night and are a part of a small group of people who actively voice chat.

The sting of rejection is strong, and im at the 2-3rd stage of rejection, working through it with chicken soup and sloe gin.

The situation has resolved itself perfectly. In fact its strengthened my love to my family and my choice to be a husband and father.

yet im still hurting? 

Was it all just infatuation? Do i still keep her in my life? Am i a fucking terrible example of a human being? [yes]
She messages me "i hope you are okay" and asked me back into the voice chat tonight. I dont think i can do that, and i dont think its a wise decision.
I am thinking that perhaps i should cut her out of my life. 
The worst thing is though is that she is terribly lonely, family life non existant, shit job, her social life is us guys on voice chat, and me. She has breast cancer as well, and she has mentioned multiple times that i am the only thing keeping her sane.

I dont know what to fucking do apart from some solutions in a bottle of wonderful plymouth sloe gin.

Right now i think i do need to just not talk to her for a bit. Get over whatever butthurt im experiencing.
The entire situation has shown me things i dont want to see in myself, and then facing confliction opinions and ideas for what to do.

She is an amazingly fun gentle loving girl who now has a boyfriend, who.. in 24 hours will be shipping off for basic training, and once again leaving her pretty well alone again and relying on my assurance and presense to help her with her illness.

Meanwhile i have a loving beautiful caring wife who up until now i thought i loved with all my heart, but now i think i didnt... but now having a wonderful new appreciation for her.


FUCK.