I am a failure at jobhunting, and probably at life
Hello guys, I need to get this off my head asap. This has been bothering me for a year+. I am currently 23, soon to be 24. Last year I have graduated with a first class degree in maths from one of the top universities of the uk. I have "great" GCSEs and A levels with awards to match. So you might be surprised then, as to why I have no job, and here sighing.

Last year when I graduated, my dad, who owns a takeaway needed a trustworthy person to handle the counter, organisation of the service, the documents, finance and all that compliance stuff. It turns out I was the one to do it. At first, I was like "huh? but I don't want to do this, I want to find a real job, a job where I don't work for a member of family". Well I did it anyway, but as I did, I was wondering what job I actually want to do. 

You see, during university, I tried to apply for those big investment banks that everyone was talking about as well as the normal banks along the way and it didn't work out. I don't know what is wrong with me, but I absolutely hate interviews, whether by phone, or in person. Often the interviewers ask these questions on leadership, stuff that gets out of control and how I approached this and that. To be honest, fair enough if they have to ask it, but it doesn't mask the fact that I feel like pulling my fingernails off everytime they ask me a question. I just dislike talking for some reason. I just remember every failure I did during the interviews, from what I said that I felt could have been better, to the rejection emails. I still remember my epic fail from 2010. Am I just not capable to move on?

So fast forward to today, and I have given up the idea of working for the big guns, because I'm doubting whether i'm actually suitable for the job. But I need to get a job, and many of my friends recommended me to go onto accountancy. The thing is, their procedure of hire (especially for the "big 4") is just as, if not more... talkative. There is a phone interview, first interview, final interview and group excercise. "Oh dear god, give me strength" is the thought that went through my mind when I read through that. I find it difficult to muster the courage to click "send application". I mean, i'm actually quite happy to do those online verbal and numerical tests and stuff which could take 40mins+, but a 15 min interview? No way! Hence, I procastinate big time when it comes to those applications.

I don't know what to do anymore. To add on top of this, I see myself as a failure in society, because I don't have a strong ambition. I'm halfway between going all in on accountancy and i.t. . When I am alone, I just think of how awful I am. I envy my friends. Some are doing what they always want to do. The others? Well, they may not be doing their ideal jobs, but at least they got a job. I envy my brothers. My older brother is rather successful with his career as a banker. I had recently got rejected from one of the big4 with no real explanation, whereas my younger brother (who graduated this year) managed to go pass where I failed.

To take my mind off those feelings, I pass the time by doing what I dreamed of doing when I was a kid - to make computer games. With minimal programming experience, I learnt some Java and some android, and with those armed with google and 2 months, I published a game. It isn't going to compare with "Cut the Rope", (in fact there is plenty to improve) but it was the only time since graduation when I felt a little bit happier. I think I will move on to Unity and C# to make a better game.

This feeling does little when every now and again I look out the window, and I see my mother doing some gardening. One time, when I saw her, and her grey hairs floating in the wind, I just broke down alone in my room. I couldn't take it anymore. I am a terrible son, unable to provide any financial resources for her. I told her, that when I earn money, the first thing I would do, is to save up and let her go on holiday. She hasn't been on one since I was born. Instead, I am a leech on her house, her food and her electricity bill.

I wish school took stuff like interviews more seriously. I wish I was taught programming when I was a child so I can pursue a career there. I wish I wasn't so pathetic as I am so I can pursue a career in accounting. I wish for anything that would totally tell me "I can do this". My "success" in education only adds to the pressure that I am not succeeding. I am failing in life, and I don't know how to fix it.