My advice for my son tomorrow (and for you today)
Tl/dr:  Today is rough, but the quality of your life is determined not just by your successes, but by what you can do with what you have. 

Edited to explain to the front page: March 28th is Ivy Day, the day all the Ivy League colleges release their acceptances at once. It’s the end of a long, grueling application process where many people active on r/ApplyingToCollege didn’t get into the elite colleges for which they were hoping. 

Background:  My son is a typical youth for this sub. Let’s call him Ty. Ty had two older siblings. Child 1 was happy to go to State U (40,000+ students) where Child 1 probably drank too much and encountered their fair share of bureaucratic hassles, but had fun, graduated with the degree they set out to get, are now gainfully employed and wear the school colors with pride. Child 2 got an almost full ride at a nearby small school where the average SAT is almost 200 points below theirs. Child 2 is triple majoring (history, anthropology and philosophy) and is having a great time traveling around the region with the school’s club quidditch team. Both ended up at perfect places for them. 

Now along comes Ty. He has always been driven and his stats show it. Salutatorian, 1470 SAT and 34 ACT. Made 5s on both his AP tests last year and 800 on the Chem SAT subject test. Is taking three more AP classes this year, including BC calculus which wasn’t offered at the school until Ty rewrote the math curriculum to get it taught  But there’s more: 4 year varsity athlete, competing at states his junior year. He’s an Eagle Scout who still completes > 100 hours service a year at the food pantry where he did his Eagle project 3 years ago. He’s had the comedic bit role in the school musical for the past two years.  He’s a golden child but has worked hard for a lot of it. 

So when, as a junior, he started talking about T20 schools, I assumed he’d be a natural fit. We were both seduced by the beautiful campuses, the engaged students, the Nobel prize winning professors having office hours and advising freshman, the distinguished alumni and their fantastic networks! What an amazing world was about to be unlocked by the key Ty had spent 4 years forging!! 

We visited other colleges too, but Ty was clear on what he wanted. “Child 2 is at a place that’s too easy, mom. If they were being pushed, there is no way they’d have all that spare time.” Or— “I do not want to go to a party school like Child 1! Plus don’t you remember their hassles with classes and advising like when they had to do summer school because class X, a necessary prerec, filled too quickly?” Or—“I’m tired of being bored in class and I don’t know yet what I want from life. These top schools will challenge me and introduce me to fields I don’t even know exist and people from backgrounds I can’t imagine!” By August he had three schools he loved, what we thought were a reach, fit and safety, just like A2C had told us to do. 

Of course, the price tags at all the elite schools seem scary, but the colleges told us not to worry. “Look at our endowments! Look at how generous our aid policies are!” In addition to his two older siblings, Ty had three younger ones who all will need to go to college, plus my parents live with us. His father and I figured out a tight budget. With, previous college savings, Ty working, and a lot of scrimping we figured out a hard ceiling of what we can afford, higher than what we had paid for Child 1 or Child 2. I was sure there would be enough aid and scholarships to cover it all. We’d done this twice before. 

You know what happens next in this story. December hit, with deferrals for him and his other brilliant friends.  Number 3 in Ty’s class got outright rejected from the school we thought would be the perfect fit for Ty. We realized that this was a much different, much harder game than the one we thought we were playing. Most of Christmas break was spent applying anywhere that seemed appealing. 

And, as they’ve been for many people on this sub, things have continued to be disappointing for Ty. He’s been waitlisted or denied by several schools.  Being rejected by the honors college at State U was particularly hard and still baffling to me. And then there are the schools where he’s been accepted but we just can’t afford, even with generous scholarships thrown in. 

Which brings us to now and Ivy Day. I’m pretty sure that there are going to be rejections, or best case, unaffordable acceptances.  I imagine will be the case for several others on this sub as well. 

So here is my advice: Ty, you have shone all through school. And we both bought the promises made by these colleges during the admission game, that these are the schools which will fix your star in its proper place in the newest constellations that they alone create in the sky. 

But real life is full of disappointments. At 18, you cannot imagine how many times over the next 70 years you will have bad breaks and not get what you deserve. I can promise you, there will be many days so much worse than this one. For every person, there will be more pain than they should ever have to bear 

Life, and you, though are so much more than the sum of the hurts you endure. At 18, you get to define who you are and what you will do with all you are given— not your family and not your alma mater. Your character is not determined by your lofty advantages but by what you can do with what you have, even or especially when you don’t think you have been given enough. You have so many opportunities and if you have half the grit you’ve shown in the past, today’s pain, real as it is, will be just passing. 

The fact that you don’t want to go to State U is actually irrelevant right now. It’s a fine university and what we can afford so it is where you will be. It’s an opportunity that many, many folks dream of having and you are damn lucky that it’s a reality for you. Humility is a very underrated virtue. 

In fact, I think State U may be the best place for you. You have taken advantage of everything your high school could offer and more. You are like the fish who has grown too big for your pond.

I know these elite schools promised to give you the world. Let’s see what you can find at a university that wants you to make your own way. You only think you are a big fish. You are going to be poured into the ocean. Using your ingenuity, intelligence and hard work, let’s see how big you can grown here. The ocean may be vast, but I am convinced you can thrive in it. And know Ty, you are loved beyond measure. I am so proud of the man you have become. 

For the rest of you: I wish the best of luck to everyone on this sub, even if you don’t get the thick envelopes from what you think will be the perfect schools. All of your work will not be wasted, but will only give you the foundation to excel wherever you end up. 

Thank you for indulging a super long post. I wasn’t ready for the reality summed up by u/admissionmom ‘s insight that there are just too many wonderful candidates to pour into the tiny teacup of T50 schools. 

I’m very grateful for this sub. All parents want to give their kids the world. It’s been rough realizing over the past few months what Ty wanted wasn’t going to happen and very helpful to have a place where others are in the same boat.