Anyone else feel like being sensitive and empathetic just isn't worth it anymore?
I've been raised pretty much my entire life to always put everybody else first... to set myself aside and worry about how others are feeling, to consider everyone else's feelings before my own. To treat everyone else how I would want to be treated.

Which would be fantastic, I think, if everyone was raised the same way. But they're not. Time and time again, I end up being ignored; people turn on me, take advantage of my kindness, refuse to show me the same respect I show everyone else, and generally just talk down to me like I'm an idiot because I actually consider the possible results of my actions on the people around me.

The worst part about it, though, is trying to change. Telling yourself "I don't want to be nice and empathetic anymore." The same people that show you callousness and lack of empathy get really, really angry when you reciprocate with the way they treat you. I'm sick of being hurt because of being empathetic, but when I try to stop being empathetic and just start living for myself, I'm suddenly a villain--when the people around me were already doing exactly that in the first place and got away with it fine!

It just seems like if you put yourself forward as a kind and caring person from the start, everyone wants to take advantage of you and when you stop being easy to take advantage of, they start abusing and hating you. Yet, if you put yourself forward as callous and uncaring from the very start, they don't really bat an eye. They think "Oh, another one of those guys. Whatever." and continue about their daily lives... and are pleasantly surprised when you show you CAN be empathetic and kind when you want to.

I just fricking hate how ludicrously backwards and unfair it is. If you try to be nice to people by showing basic human decency, you become their doormat. If you instead raise people a flying middle finger and refuse to offer anybody simple kindness or empathy, you're rewarded with affection and approval for showing even the slightest bit of basic human decency at all.

I hate it. I hate it so much. I hate being this way. I don't want to be nice anymore but I also don't want to anger the people that already EXPECT me to be nice. It's not fair. What the ever-freakin'-loving-heck-on-a-stick are people like me supposed to frickin' do?