Feel like giving up on your dream job?
This will be long, but I wanted to tell you guys my experience to motivate you! More than a year ago I asked for advice here and some people were so kind! I actually saved some of the advice people sent me and read it when times got tough.

Here is what happened. In 2017 I moved from my home town (ended a 10 year relationship because he didnt want to move with with) because I was hired by a big tech company in another city. It was my dream job, I worked with tech and wanted a carreer boost and an experience in a big company. Five months later my whole team was laid off. Yes. It lasted five freaking months.

There I was, lonely and jobless. I had terrible depression, suicidal thoughts, I kept thinking there was something wrong with me. Maybe I was being punished by my ambition? But anyways, I was in need of a job I went through all my contacts, scheduled meetings with everyone, reached people I never met on Linkedin. Asked for referrals. Finally I was hired by a small start up 5 months after being fired.

But I still wanted to pursue my dream and I kept trying. A friend of a friend who worked at another big tech company offered me to introduce me to someone he knew who worked there. I grabbed coffee with that person who was simply very happy to help me. He referred me, I went through a long interview process and they made an offer!!!

Anyways, just to tell you: I just started at this company and I am way more passionate about the role I am in today than the role I was fired from. I get to actually make a difference now, since I am part of a small team inside this company.

Anyways, DONT GIVE UP! And dont be ashamed to ask for help, contacts, referrals. Go after what you deserve! And I hope you all have the best of luck :)
Edit: sorry for the typos and everything. I am not american and I wrote this very quickly.

Ps: I had no network in the city I moved to. I just kept introducing myself to people and making my way in like a crazy person. Referrals are very helpful, so that’s what I was looking for. Turns out its a numbers game. Some people might ignore you, but there will be someone willing to help!