I'm the bad guy. I've seriously hurt my friend's feelings, and this time I don't have any excuse
About a week ago I went to support my friend Anna when she performed poetry at a liberal arts loft. A lot of her friends, whom I knew and didn't know, also came to watch. She did really well. I, on the other hand, drank too much and was talking pretty loosely.

A few days later she's being super curt with me on facebook and refusing to go to anything I invite her out to. I ask my friend Brian and he says he knows she's upset about something, but assures me it's not me. A week later (today) I'm still suspicious, so he asks her again specifically and this is what she tells him:

"well he made a comment about Callum [her boyfriend] when I introduced them

hee bitched about my poetry performance in a non constructive way

he was a dick to my friends Dan and Erica"

I know I did do some of these things, and others I don't. I met her boyfriend Callum several months ago at a pub and when they were both out having a smoke, a friend of mine started making rude jokes about Callum behind his back, and I just went along with it. It seemed harmless at the time, but if he'd heard I'm sure he'd have been hurt and to be honest Callum seems like a really great guy.

I don't remember insulting her poetry. No, I wasn't black out drunk, I remember the night pretty well - I just don't remember ever saying those things, but I guess I did if she's heard about them. 

I don't know who Dan and Erica are. I spoke to Brian about it earlier tonight and he thinks they're a couple whom I borrowed a lighter off of outside. I don't remember ever being rude to them, nor does Brian nor any of the other people who were present - but that's neither here nor there.

I contacted Anna to apologise for anything, and she just didn't reply. My behaviour that night was clearly inexcusable. I'm totally disappointed in myself and ashamed of the way I acted. I want to use the excuse 'it wasn't me, it was the drink' - but what good is that? Whatever it was I said, I said it. Alcohol doesn't talk. I used my words and my words hurt people.

I didn't come here to soothe my conscience. I don't deserve to be made to feel better about acting so unacceptably. If I walk away from this without making reparations to those people I hurt, I've learned nothing and totally failed to better myself as a person. I'll remain the lout who totally ruined Anna's big performance.

I guess I'm just here to tell the story.

Names were changed.