Toxic work environment situation. Is it my fault?
I started my current job 2 years ago. From the beginning I noticed some cattiness amongst a few of my coworkers  and so had decided to take a stance of keeping a professional distance between myself and my coworkers so as to not get involved. I leave everything that is personal at the door in the morning. I do my job the best I can, collect my paycheck and go home. I make sure to smile and greet people and be cordial but otherwise keep to myself. 

In the early stages, I was able to be an unproblematic fly-on-the-wall, minding my own business, while those around me did their catty rants about each other. One coworker, let's call her "Coworker A", seemed particularly hostile to another coworker behind her back, referring to her as "that bitch" in a rant for going to management about an issue she had with Coworker A. I ignored it and got on with being respectful to both coworkers without picking sides.

One day, I had to go to Coworker A for some work materials that she dispenses to myself and my immediate team. Coworker A, asked about materials she had previously dispensed to me, and I said that was for ["that bitch"]. She became hostile and said "it's not my fault you stupidly gave [materials to "that bitch"], I don't have any more!"

I asked "why is that stupid?" 

She quickly backtracked, and said "I never called you stupid!" and went on a mini-rant about her suspicion that I will to go to management about her now (like ["that bitch"]) and " you wear glasses and can't see" (presumably the discord between coworker A and "that bitch".  I saw it, I just ignored it.)

After this incident I went to the manager after work for advice on how to deal with an unnamed coworker who seemed particularly hostile. Without naming Coworker A, they seemed to know exactly who I was talking about. They seemed sympathetic. They said they had several complaints about her but every time they confronted her about it, Coworker A denied it. They suggested I use my cell phone to record her next time, and call a meeting with management armed with that evidence. 

Over time coworker A's hostility toward me grew into mild bullying. She would tell me to perform my job differently from how I am used to performing it. I would politely decline and give reasons,  she would get upset and say "everybody else does it [the way she told me to], you always have to be different" etc. 

It escalated until one day she was ranting about me being "stupid" for not following her instructions on how to do my job. Mind you, she is not my superior, I don't report to her. The managers have no issue with how I do my job, and had Coworker A gone through the appropriate channels to express displeasure about the way I did my job, I'm certain the managers would have told her I was doing my job the correct way. But it wasnt about how I did my job, Coworker A  wanted to exert power over me and wanted to punish me for not being submissive enough. On this occasion, I was able to pull out my cell phone as she ranted about me in the other room and record her calling me stupid and making derogatory remarks about the somewhat prestigious high school I attended. She referred to me as "weird" etc. 

I did as the managers suggested and called a meeting. They asked me to describe the circumstances around the recording I made, asked me to write a report and I did. The managers agreed that the way I was doing my job was the appropriate way. I played them the recording and they heard clearly the verbal abuse from coworker A. Other coworkers were interviewed and the manager mentioned to me that at least one (not ["that bitch"]) corroborated that Coworker A is difficult to work with.

Shortly afterward, I was told that she was asked to apologise and she refused.

Thereafter. Nothing. Coworker A has since been a lot less overtly hostile toward me but she just ignores me and there is constant tension since I have to go to her for materials etc.  Months later, I asked the manager what was the outcome of my report and I was told that because I stopped short of sending the managers the actual recording, relinquishing control over its propagation, there was no proof they could take to the president and board of management to have disciplinary action taken against coworker A. So it's as if there is no evidence at all and nothing can be done, even though the managers heard it with their own ears. I was also told that the fact that Coworker A has a rapport with the president was also a factor.

I am left confused about what I could've done differently in this situation. Coworker A and ["that bitch"] now have seemingly repaired their work relationship since then and are cordial with each other,  while I am now Coworker A's number 1 enemy. Having an "enemy" at work is something I find slightly awkward and I wonder if there was something I should have done differently. I feel as though my biggest mistake was taking management's advice.