Don’t be too hard on yourself after that initial excitement wears off and someone seems disinterested or leaves. The fantasy they created of you probably was killed by reality.
Reposted because it got deleted. Feel others should see this and hopefully not be so hard on yourself. 

Ever have someone all in for awhile and then consistency changes? Yeah that’s probably what happened. 

I assume I potentially “killed” someone’s fantasy. I’m truly having a rough time and this person helped a lot to keep my mind settled. My natural assumption when consistency changes is “I fkd it up and prepare yourself to never hear from them again.” I used to spend years beating myself up. Every time it happened. Because it was so rare for me to connect on many levels. 

Honestly it should be rare. You shouldn’t be connecting with everyone you talk to romantically. I caught myself recently doing this. Then telling myself “I shouldn’t have to try so hard to keep someone in my life.” If they want to go let them. If they stop responding oh well. If they want to talk they will. 

Sending them a bunch of text will just make it worse. I have a horrible habit of over sharing, jumping too far ahead, rushing things. I get overly excited and talk too much. I then get relaxed. It’s something I need to improve on. I care deeply when I care. You might not be as important or “irreplaceable” to them as they are to you. 

 If you have never watched “the price of admission” on YouTube it’s something you should check out. Sometimes we build someone up so much that we think (and hope) they are a certain way. This tends to lead to being disappointed. I try to stay open minded now and let the person open up. Truly see how they are. Not who I want them to be. 

So you’re very caring. Not everyone is that way. Not everyone has a good heart, good intentions for you, or is right for you. Sadly someone may be responding because they are nice. They may just like having someone to talk to. Especially if you haven’t met in person. Take it for what it is. A good conversation. Sadly it’s just how it is now. They may like you as a person, but not as a romantic partner. They may be working up the courage to tell you. They may never tell you. 

Some people also don’t know how truly rare it is to connect with someone on the majority of levels romantically, sexually, and conversation wise. It’s ok if you killed the fantasy they had of you. If they truly wanted you and you fit with them they wouldn’t be so quick to jump ship. Enjoy things while they last. None of us are perfect. Just don’t build a fantasy so high that no one can ever reach it.

Edit-I’m glad my horrible life experiences can maybe help others. Thanks for gold kind stranger!