Am I fucking stupid? (Its a huge post)
I had the most absolutely amazing, mindblowing, passionate sex a few days ago. It was everything. Except it was with my cousin. And we were both drunk. We are sharing a room in another country right now, Other family next to us in a separate room.
 
I remember almost everything from that night. Seeing her facial expressions of awe and pleasure while i was inside her made me more happy than anything I've experienced. She is funny, drop dead gorgeous, has a great head on her sexy shoulders, and had an amazing personality. 

Many things are hurting me about this situation. For one, she doesnt even remember the night except for a few scattered parts. The three amazing hours arent in her memory. The pleasure I gave her is locked inside a corner of her unconscious somewhere. Another thing, we fucked again (this time sober) and I got too nervous and couldn't keep it up after about 10 mins. So I felt very inadequate, especially knowing thats the only sex she actually remembered. 

She has a boyfriend back home, and I knew that. I still cant help but be so emotional. I grew up with her, and i love her like family because thats what she is. But... at the same time... i cant help but feel.. something. I honestly dont know what it is. This feeling in my stomach, a good one. It tells me go over there and hug her, kiss her, cuddle her and comfort her. She is the only girl i have ever been comfortable enough with to do that. And she is my cousin. 

I know, and i tell myself this all the time for the last few days: you cant have a relationship with her. You just cant. You wont be able to have your own kids with her, things would be a lil odd with the family im sure. and plus she lives insanely far away. But i dont want a relationship, at the same time i want to be around her all the time. i want to hold her, i want her to hold me. I want to play with her hair after she comes out of the shower. I feel like an idiot.

She told me the other night, she found out she is pregnant. Now it's not my kid. Her and her boyfriend's kid. She is lost, dont know what to do, so i layed with her for awhile we talked. She told me our nights of sex were mistakes. That it shouldn't have happened. Although i somewhat agree, i cant help but take that personally too. At the same time, i feel guilty and stupid for even thinking that it was okay to have sex with my cousin. 

I think deep down inside me, I dont care much that she is my cousin. Things happen in life, and this is one of them. Should i feel so emotional about it? No. I shouldnt. I guess I assumed she would feel it was a mistake, i only dreaded it coming out. It hurts me inside. I dont know if im ever going to live long enough for an emotional and physical connection like the one i found this week. 

She told me during our drunken fuck, that she waited years for this. Asked me why i didnt go for it the last time we saw eachother. You should have seen her face while i was fucking her. It was the most wonderful sight. Mouth open, eyes rolling back in pure ecstasy. Will I ever find that again? Will I even be able to get over this ridiculous mess? And now she is pregnant and her boyfriend probably wont take care of the kid with her. Things just not going good. Almost drank myself to death the other night because of it. All i want is for her to be happy. I dont care if it kills me. 

Sorry for the huge wall of text. Thank you to whoever read this. I need to get it out before i do something stupid like jump of the balcony. Who knows.