Unemployed for Almost 5 Months. Sent Hundreds of Applications with Only a Couple Interviews to Come out of it. What do I do?
Hi there, I'm in quite a rough spot right now. I've been living with my mom and my step dad for just over a year due to either getting really low paying jobs, or nothing at all. I'm 22 years old, and I've only worked 3 jobs. The first two I've worked were fine, one being a pizza shop and the other a full service gas station. The third was a truly god awful call center job. Management was awful and the pay was worse. The stress from that job was literally putting me in the ground, so I quit, thinking I could get another one no problem. I've never had unemployment issues before so I never even thought about it. That was almost 5 months ago.

Recently, my parents have been hassling me much harder than usual about finding a job, but the thing is, and what I keep telling them, is that I've applied to just about every single open position in and around my small town, and I've only gotten a handful of unsuccessful interviews as a result.

I recently got my associates degree in programming and web design, and it's always been kind of a dream of mine to work for a big name company and just write code all day long.

My gameplan was that I was gonna use my degree to get a nice-paying job and move out within a couple months, nice n easy. Only, there are hardly any tech jobs around where I live, and the few that become available get snatched up so fast, you'd have to know about it beforehand to have an advantage.

I've contacted temp services, fast food restaurants, factories, local stores, hospitals, offices, schools, groundskeepers, literally any job we have in our town, and absolutely nothing.

And on top of all this, my girlfriend is 10 weeks pregnant! I just want to be able to support them with our own home before our child is born. I'm running out of ideas and wonder what everyone here thinks I should do.

Sorry for the long post, I'm just stressed as all hell and I need to vent, and to hear some advice. 

EDIT: I just got offered another interview scheduled for tomorrow!!! It's at an embroidery and screen printing shop. I know they're hiring like crazy, but are there tips or anything I should know so that I'd ace the interview?