Dating Advice; take it or leave it
I scroll through this sub often and see alot of similar questions asked. While I'm no expert I'm fairly attuned with myself and can see the trends in what many face issues with in the dating game.

The first piece of advice is to be honest with yourself and others, right from the start. As plain and simple as this sounds, it's a big one. Nowadays dating is mostly done online and stats say in the next 20 years almost 70% relationships will be formed online. It's really easy to make a fancy tinder/online profile with a witty bio and put your best images forward, but try and be real here. The more real you are with someone right from the start; the more real they will be with you and you don't have to pretend to impress them and follow up on being someone you are not. This will hopefully weed out the superficial people for you and save a whole lot of drama. 

The next piece of advice is learn to read others and don't be oblivious to the fact they are not interested. Ghosting is the most obvious sign somebody doesn't want a whole lot more to do with you. Nobody likes conflict hence the majority choose to ghost. Yea it sucks but if you ignore it and are clinging on to that little bit of hope that they will get back to you, you're wasting your time and missing out on potential opportunities with people who will actually respond and give you the time of day.

The next piece of advice is to make sure you never make someone your sole reliant for happiness. The root of suffering is attachment. Love can be a crazy thing and happen very fast but be mindful to this and try to make sure you reserve some of yourself for if things are to all of a sudden take an unexpected turn. We humans are very intricate things and nobody will ever perceive reality quite the same as you, as much as you might want them to.

Lastly, be confident in yourself. Don't ever be scared of rejection. It is way easier said than done but life is very short. If someone is making eyes with you a few times and your gut instinct is telling you there might be something of chemistry there, go talk to them and find out. The worst that can happen is they laugh and tell you no. Don't be scared of words. It's literally just words. Even asking someone and being rejected will give you so much more confidence for the next time.

I hope this can be of help to some of you out there. Good luck and much love beautiful humans