LOVE
I think most of us would agree that love is the most important thing.

To love and care for someone and to have that love and care reciprocated.

One would think that something as fundamentally important as love should be something easy to understand, easy to give, easy to receive.

In reality, however, many of us have difficulty knowing what love is, and difficulty knowing how to both properly give it and receive it. 

In the world today, love is confused with sex, whereas sex is only an expression of love.

Love also gets confused with limerance, or the feeling of “being in love,” this too, is mainly a chemical and hormonal response to a person who seems desirable usually in a sexual way, which again is only a limited expression of love.

Many of us do not know what love is… little wonder, because in todays movies, tv and music they frequently portray love as limerance or “being in love,” as sex,  as enmeshment or even as codependency… but none of these represent true love, but rather a warped and out of context view of love.

Then, to compound the problem beyond belief, many of us were raised by parents who were cruel and abusive physically, verbally, emotionally and psychologically… the terrible scars left on us make it ever so difficult for us to know what love is, how to show it and how to receive it, especially when we have never experienced what normal love is.

Love is like a multifaceted diamond. As a child, we are supposed to be taught by experiencing it, that love is unconditional, consistent,  reliable… it should provide a sense of safety and security when we feel scared or vulnerable… it should engender an atmosphere of openness and honesty with a sense of confidence that even if you did something wrong or bad that you will be helped and nurtured to do better.

This is by no means a definitive explanation of what love should be, but is an example of what too many of us have never experienced. 

For too many of us, love was conditional, inconsistent and unreliable, vacillating between what appeared to be love, but we knew could turn into the worst of abuse in an instant… and so love never provided a true sense of safety and security… when we did something wrong or bad we generally had confidence that we would be further abused.

In this sort of environment, as abused infants and children, we did not know why we were not loved… as an abused infant or child we formed the only conclusions we could… on a fundamental level we started to believe that we did not deserve love… we didn't know what we did wrong but we started to believe there must also be something seriously wrong with us and that we should feel ashamed and guilty about it… if we had needs and wants then we were made to feel ashamed and guilty for having them.

For many of us, a feeling of love had more to do with behaving in a manner that got our parents approval, and so we learned at a very young age that what we think, feel and want is not as important as the way our parents perceived us… being truthful was not as important as being safe. Being honest and vulnerable was not seen as an opportunity to be shown love, help and nurturing, but as a highly likely situation for further abuse.

In our early teens we start to experience feelings of romantic love… our young minds still do not know what normal love is, but by now we know that our parents are incapable of giving us the love that we need. So we start to fantasize and idealize romantic love in our minds as the thing that will heal the deep wounds cut into our subconscious minds, believing that we need another person to undo the emotional and psychological wounds that we carry.

As children and teenagers we are introduced to the concept of love through music, tv and movies. These influences further warp our sense of love into something like sex, or enmeshment, or codependency, as though “being in love” is the pinnacle of what love is, and the ultimate validation of our self worth.

Little wonder that few relationships last for years, let alone decades or a lifetime…

For many of us, we not only start off life with a handicap, but usually a large portion of our life is devoted to just figuring out what the hell went wrong in our lives, when and why and how… a great deal of us find the process far too confronting and distressing and turn to drugs or alcohol, or to other self destructive behaviors in an attempt to escape from or dull our pain.

One of the main problems with cognitive behavioral therapy is that abuse in our infancy or babyhood, is generally not stored in the logic center of our brain, so logical reasoning alone cannot undo much of the damage that is stored in the emotional fear response part of our brain, typically associated with, but not limited to, the fight or flight response… however, this is also where some of our core beliefs of worthlessness, unlovableness and fundamental shame and guilt over simply having needs and wants are stored… this is because at a very young age, these emotions were inextricably linked to fear and danger and pain that must be avoided at all costs.

That is why also, for most of us, dealing with our issues is first dealt with through severe denial, distraction and suppression, because our minds associate our vulnerabilities with severe pain and anguish and does everything it can to avoid facing up to our vulnerabilities. 

As if in a cruel twist of fate to sabotage the rest of lives, we are rarely attracted to the type of person we need to fill our emotional needs or to help us heal. Typically we are attracted to people who are oblivious to our pain and behave in such a way as to exacerbate and further entrench our emotional damage. Why? Our early childhood taught us that uncertainty almost always leads to pain… we were taught that when we did have certainty, there was a greater chance of avoiding pain. Therefore, when we met the people who could actually fill our emotional needs we were filled with uncertainty, even contempt. Why? Because these people were usually quiet natured, emotional and not afraid of vulnerability and valued openness and honesty…. All of these things put us on high alert for potential danger and pain and we are repelled by the things that our subconscious associated with danger.

What our subconscious associates with safety is certainty… so ironically, we meet people who were like our parents, mainly interested in filling their own needs, people who do not talk about vulnerable emotions, people who put on a good front… all of these things our mind is attracted to because it is familiar with it and therefore feels safe… we easily slip into relationships of codependency, relationships where our people pleasing, validation seeking and approval seeking find their best use. Usually this is with self centered people with narcissistic tendencies. These people themselves are not to blame for the perpetuation of your abuse because they themselves are products of their childhood that made them who they are who were… attracted to you as a person to meet their codependent needs or narcissistic tendencies.

One of the most soul destroying, depressing and confronting truths you will ever face is the fact that your entire concept of what love is, is wrong… you've never experienced love or given love…. You've only ever given and received your concept of love which may only amount to sex, enmeshment, codependency or “being in love,” none of which on it's own is true love.

To fix this problem we need to go back to our childhood where everything went wrong. The challenge is that sometimes we need to remember back to our infancy or babyhood if that is where the abuse began. Unfortunately this is also where many of our deepest scars were made, and it is also the time of our life where we retain the fewest conscious memories… so to go as deep as we can we often need to rely on what we know about our parents and combine it with what we know would likely have happened. Here is an example from my own life:

As a young adult, I knew I hated porridge, the very thought of it activated my gag reflex. This I knew was because my mother force fed me porridge every day as a baby. It wasn't until my 40s that I realized the deeper damage that my mother had done. As a baby, I didn't like porridge, so like most babies I spat it out… this made my mother bang loudly on the table in disapproval, she would yell and scream and hit me for spitting it out… when I learned that the only option was to swallow and then scream, my open mouth would be shoved full of another tablespoon of porridge, she would even hold my nose to stop me screaming or spitting so that I would hurry up and swallow so I could breath and scream only to be forced with another table spoon of porridge. Sad story… but in practical terms this led to far more damage than a revulsion of porridge… this is my earliest memory of subjugation… the feeling of dread associated with having no choice but to do what you are told or implied to do… subjugation by fear and consequences of pain and shock and humiliation. It also contributed to an underdeveloped self, where my personal preferences were completely irrelevant and dangerous. It also contributed to enmeshment where I quickly had to learn to do and accept and behave exactly as I was expected to make the trauma and abuse end as quickly as possible. Here is another example from my childhood:

I can't remember why, but I remember being dragged to the bedroom by my ear at about age 6… I was given a solid beating with a belt and put to bed… as most 6 year olds would do I cried hysterically, loudly, inconsolably, sobbing… as an adult looking back I think this made my mum feel bad… she didn't like feeling bad so she came back in my room to give me another hiding for crying so much… another sad story, but in practical terms, as a child it taught me that I will get punished for feeling sorry for myself… in effect teaching me that self love, self-soothing is bad and I should feel shame and guilt for it, even self hate.

For me personally, this has been my experience… my parental abuse led further to feelings of subjugation, enmeshment and an underdeveloped sense of self… this led to people pleasing, approval seeking and validation seeking behaviors as well as codependency… all of this was unsustainable and ultimately led to my severe depression and anxiety.

It is not hard to imagine why so many of us with childhood abuse are debilitated by self hate, feelings of worthlessness, intense guilt and shame for doing things that make us feel good… and continuing to do bad things that make us feel good because we were taught that this was the price to pay for feeling good.

So how the hell do we undo this?

Not easily and not quickly… it takes a great deal of time, and concentrated, deliberate, repeated effort and even then your progress will be measured in small increments.

To undo the damage, you first have to recognize what the appropriate response to your abuse was. As a child you naturally expressed this appropriate response by crying, screaming, yelling, throwing a tantrum… but all of these responses, in your case, were met with an even greater level of violent humiliating abuse… our young minds had no choice but to convince itself that the appropriate response was an inappropriate response, even a dangerous response.

Now because these memories are not purely logic based but are stored in our fight or flight response center of our brain, we cannot access or change these through logic, or cognitive behavioral therapy alone. In order to access this stored memory we first need to trigger it. For me, triggering the sense of worthlessness and unlovableness meant getting in touch with the feeling of being in love, but having that love unreciprocated or even rejected… this pain I was able to intensify by listening to my most painful heartbreaking love songs. Knowing that changing this visceral feeling had little to do with logic, I meditated on the fact that this intense feeling of wanting and needing reciprocated desperate romantic love was a complete lie… it's not and never was a true representation of love… I meditated on the fact that the concept and truth about what love is was stolen from me by the abuse of my parents… then I let myself get angry… at my parents, even though they themselves are products of their own abusive childhoods… I got angry at the injustice of life itself… I started to feel, the way a child would naturally feel when wronged for the first time, indignant, outraged, angry, generally pissed off… I listened to music to encouraged the feeling of defiance against outrageous abuse of power such as Leo Morachioli “Killing in the Name of” and “Give it Away” and “Sabotage.” In all fairness, these songs and these feelings will not make you feel love, but they will help you to wipe the slate clean… they will give you a sense of justification for feeling angry that you had valid innocent needs and wants that were not met, that you were abused and that you have the right to not be happy about it.

Of course, none of us want to spend the rest of our lives angry, but neither do we want to spend the rest of our lives apologizing for the fact that we have desperately unfulfilled emotional and psychological needs… the scarey part is allowing ourselves to move into uncharted waters as we explore the person that we really are, having full trust and love for ourselves knowing and believing that we will rise above ourselves, and be an even better version of ourselves than we ever imagined that we could be… but first, we need to be willing to explore those parts of us that we have tried for so many years to deny, suppress and distract ourselves from.

From that point on, you can start fresh… you can start giving yourself commendation, praise, validation and approval for every single good thing that you say and do. You can stop giving a @#!@ what other people think about you, because you know that whatever you did or said was exactly the right thing by you… because you can be guaranteed that most people in this world won't care one tiny little bit about you when making decisions or saying what they feel they need to say.

You simply cannot love others if you don't love yourself. If you come from a place of self hate, self loathing or low self esteem,  what possible love do you have left to give away to others? On a basic level you don't even believe that you have anything good at all to offer anyone… so you can't show true love to others until you learn how to show true love to yourself… this means being prepared to put your feelings, choices and preferences above those of others without the guilt or shame you were taught to feel. Only from that concrete position can you give consistent, reliable, unconditional love to others… you cannot do this from a place of emptiness.

Even then, when we have done everything we can, most of us may still find ourselves in a world that is less loving, less nurturing and less accommodating than we need… however, this is yet another reason to make sure that you come from a rock solid concrete basis of knowing who you are, knowing where came from, knowing what your needs and wants are, and knowing that you have the right to expect more from life than you got.