I'm a failure
Two mays ago, I graduated and soon dated a wonderful young girl.  I had quite a few close friends, was in a band, had great grades in high school, and life was pretty great.  This was probably the highest part of my life.  I then went to college, and didn't really meet anyone who stuck around to stay in touch with me.  Guess I never had much to say and didn't have strong enough interests to get involved in things.  

Anyway I guess I became depressed or something, and my mind became restless with weird existential thoughts.  Everything felt pointless, from classes that didn't interest me in the slightest to making new friends since they would be gone from my life like my old ones to even my then girlfriend, whom I cared about more than anything.  Just knowing that it would end made me crazy.  

So then, in whatever weird mental state I was in, I essentially gave up.  I failed two classes and was kicked out of university.  I pretty much lost touch with my former friends, and I became bitter and shitty, which ruined my relationship.  

There's worse stuff out there in the world no doubt, but I'm a spoiled white pos so this is all I've known.  

Turns out I was terrible at breaking old habits, and had to withdraw from another course and the tech school that I went to the next fall.  At that point I started seeing a doctor for depression, but both medications I received didn't have a noticable effect, and my mother seemed to think I was feeling better over Christmas break so we agreed to cancel future appointments.

I got off to a bad start this semester too.  If I have to withdraw this class again I don't even know what comes next.  

This is obviously all my own fault but it drives me crazy.  Just the tip of the iceberg.

Also it blows to come home, visit your grandparents (of course that part was nice) and then they show you that your ex is on the front page of the local newspaper essentially for being an exceptional musician.  It's good to see that she is just as amazing as ever and I didn't hold her back, but goddam I would kill to be part of her life again, just to cheer her on and watch her grow.  If I somehow just knew that I could've had some kind of lasting relationship I think it would've been enough to hold it all together.

Anyway, incoherent rambling beside, I just don't know what to do

there's enough stuff troubling to write about for days, and I guess I just am not strong enough to cope with it or keep it internal and not affecting my other aspects of life

tl;dr A student to flunking college, whiny baby about ex