Tips from the hiring line
I have an open position that has been hard to fill.  Needless to say I got excited to receive 16 resumes yesterday.  They were a mix of internal and external candidates.

For all candidates I scan their resume and look at their LinkedIN profile.  Assuming I see enough of interest I take the following actions.

For internal candidates, I email their boss to confirm they are available for release as well as ask for general feedback on their performance.  Assuming I don't know the candidate I also check with any people I know in their department or shared contacts on LinkedIN.

For external candidates, if we share a contact on LinkedIN I call them.  I do refrain if the shared contact is at the same company as the candidate.

For all the candidates that pass this initial screen I send a short email.  It has the position title in the header and reads.

>Hi xxxx,
 
>I am the hiring manage for this position and would like to schedule an initial half hour phone interview with you.  Please share 4-5 30 minute time blocks that meet your schedule.
 
>Thank you,


Tip #1, even if you have carpet bombed your applications don't respond hey thats great can you send me the job description.  You have the title, and the company I work for.  I expect you to be able to put 2+2 together to know which job I'm wanting to talk to you about.

If I had tons of applicants and the positions filled quickly this is honestly enough to pass a person up for.  However since I am having trouble filling this role due to its niche nature I gave the benefit of the doubt.  I sent a meeting invite with a time and date that matched the selection provided and worked for me.  I also included the description in the meeting invite.

Tip #2, don't respond to the meeting invite with thanks, when do you want to meet.  The time and date are in the header.  Most email systems, especially gmail, not only recognize the time and date they provide a nice little button that allows you to accept or decline.

I've had two interactions with this candidate and in both cases they have either demonstrated ineptness or laziness.  Those are not good qualities and frankly I don't have the time or bandwidth to micromanage.

**Takeaway**  When applying for a job, think before you respond, verify your information, don't ask questions you already have the answer to.