A Women's Guide to Dating
 

TL;DR - Get off of online dating, be confident and approach/show interest, be active/interesting, realize your standards.

Hello Everybody!

I've seen far too many posts on here from women complaining about how hard it is to find guys. Dating is hard for both genders, but unless you're 35+ you should have no issue finding dates. Here is a guide on how to do so.

1. Don't be overweight. I'm sorry, but that's the way the world works. Overweight guys get the same shit overweight gals do. Sure there are some lump cuddlers out there, but they're a rariety. Looks are half the battle. Humanity is superficial. We know, get over it.
2. Turn off online dating. Online dating for guys is utter...shit. Okcupid did a study and 80% of the women went after the same 20% of men. Let that sink in. So many guys just don't give a shit about online dating, even if they're on it. Why? Cause if they didn't their egos/self esteem would be shit (and for a lot of them it is). So they don't take it seriously or anything that happens on there seriously. I've also found that online dating may lead to a "burden of choice". Some women I know would go on 2-3 dates a week (each with a different guy from bumble) and complain about not finding someone. Everytime she'd have the slightest inclination that something is better on the next swipe, she'd drop her current person.
3. Go outside. Literally, go out and do anything that doesn't include yoga, cafe, and eating. Here are some things I've observed. All of these I've seen typical bros, nerdy engineers, pot smokers, practically every flavor of guys.  

   1. Coed sports. I live in a major city and everytime I join a team, it is usually 4 gals per 10 guys.
   2. Meetups. I've been to all sorts of meetups. Ranging from fitness ones, to bonfires, to drinking, art, and everything in between. The ratio here is even worse than Coed sports. I went to a "singles" night. 20 women, 70 guys. Yeap. There are Meetup group owners who create fake accounts of attractive women to get guys to show up.
   3. Cooking classes. Not counting couples. Most of the time it is a 3-1 male to female ratio.
   4. Festivals. Esepcially anything related to beer (brewing for example). Metric ton of guys walking around
   5. Live shows. Especially anything that isn't hard core electronic. While I hate labels, think "hipster". Live music with an actual band. The underground/dive bars that aren't destination bars are great for this too. Just be sure it is in a "young" area.
4. Approach. Get this bullshit execuse of "if he doesn't have the balls to approach". No, don't give me that shit. You're using that to put up a mental defense to execuse not taking chances. To execuse not making yourself vulnerable. Learn how to show interest. You don't have to approach, sure. If you do it, you'll get a ton of dates and meet a lot of great guys. But if you don't want to go that far, learn to show interest. Look at a guy. Seriously just stare at him. Then when he looks at you smile for a few seconds, then look away. Boom, there's the secret sauce. The chances of that guy approaching you just went up tenfold. If you're sitting there eating looking away, reading a book, or literally doing anything other than staring at the guy...90% of the guys wont approach. Guys are conditioned from an early age that approaching is bad/rude. No idea why and each guy usually develops this differently. But most of them are to scared of coming off creepy, rude, or bothersome. Not only that, but guys notice other guys approaching and striking out in bars/public places. It just takes once or twice of seeing a gal get angry at a guy for approaching for them to get turned off from attempting it themselves. Some guys I know approach constantly at night. A lot of them constantly strike out. Usually its because guys approaching in public is tough. What do you expect them to talk about? How you and him both like drinking beer? Hard to build a raport off of that.
5. Be interesting. Don't give me this busy bullshit. Everyone is busy. You're going to be busy for the rest of your life. Don't use that as an execuse to not be interesting. If I ask you about you and your answer is "Religion/God, Coffee/Food, Yoga, Beach, Drinking, Dancing, Travel, and Work" (or worse less than that), you're as basic as they come. Goes for guys too, but if you want to get the great guys don't be basic. That simple. Find something that is interesting to talk about. Volunteer, be passionate about something.
6. Learn to have a conversation. Some of my girl friends suck as conversations. Guys approach them in public and its like they're interviewing her. Then they ask me why it didn't work out. Ask questions about, show emotion, show interest. Not doing this gives off this vibe that you're expecting HIM to impress you. Don't do that, they pick up on it fast. Chemistry goes both ways. Don't expect it to just happen, it needs a catalyst.
7. Realize your standards. Some women I know are cool people, but by god do they shoot high. They may be a 5/10 in the looks and personality department, but they'll only give the time of day to guys who are walking models with super successful careers and other great shit. Hey, if you can snag someone like that and they don't have a shit personality...do it girl. But don't lock yourself down to 10/10s.

I hate to plug, but seriously look at Matthew Hussey on youtube. Most of his free videos bring up points about dating (especially when it comes to getting guys) that is 100% true. There is a lot of solid advice on there.