I need more perspectives
I’m 22. Over the past few years I’ve started to notice a lot of interesting things about myself. I’m mentally exhausted and wouldn’t even know how to explain things if I weren’t, but to put it shortly I exhibit each and every one of the signs/symptoms of childhood sexual abuse. Literally every single one of them. 

Since i was like 12 i have been sexually adventurous and advanced but cannot perform unless I *subconsciously* feel safe. Consciously, logically feeling safety is not enough. I remember it took my first girlfriend 3 tries before I was able to get and stay hard with her. I thought I was gay or bi but the same happened with two guys I was attracted to. I feel this intense anxiety about anything beyond making out. And I’m not at all asexual. I want to do and be what i feel unable to. When i was younger my fantasies involved me being physically hurt by my partner. That got more into BDSM as I got older. 

I have had recurring nightmares of reaching for a door handle that is too high for me to reach for as long as I can remember. Occasionally i scream and fight in my sleep. I wake up drenched in sweat like four nights a week. When I was little I would build a wall of pillows between myself and my door, which evolved into sleeping only on the edge of the bed. And I just would not sleep. I would stay up so late. 

I have come to realize that there is anger and guilt that exists deep inside me that manifests as self hate, unexplained rage, and self damage (how do I say in English that sometimes I bang my hands on my head, like I attack myself). 

Since I was about 8 years old I have felt depressed. Anxiety came in junior high, and i was self harming from age 13-18. I’ve been suicidal for longer than i can remember. No origin of that exists in my mind. In hindsight I can see that I have been disassociating since like 8 years old as well. I used to think that I have attention problems but in uni I learned that my focus can be top tier when studying or working on subjects i love. This is coming from someone who is currently suspended from uni after tanking two semesters because I simply didn’t care. 

Now I am 22, it is 4am, and I realized that I have almost no memory of my grandfathers second wife. I remember my grandfather so well, and he was nearly silent Russian man. I remember my aunt who had a disability. I spent a lot of time with them during summers. But I have next to no memories of his wife, who was in the picture before I was born. I remember one day which was when we were making cookies inside while my brother was outside. I remember getting brown sugar out of their cabinets. I remember how the floor felt. What the sugar containers looked like. I remember so much,  but I can’t remember any memories of her beyond that. She was a huge part of in my life from my birth until my grandpas death, when I was 11. After that my mom basically kicked her out of our family because of unrelated things (she was kind of a gold digger it seems)

I feel so confused and In my mind I don’t want to accuse her of anything. But I just find it weird that I have been dealing with all of this stuff and now I realize I can’t remember anything about her except this one moment. Is it possible to not remember being sexually abused?