If you ever get an opportunity to work in the Middle East, don't go.
I don't know if this is acceptable according to rules but as a fellow poor person I'd like to tell you a story.

I'm 24 hours away from getting on a plane home after being trapped here for almost 3 years. I have been paid 53 dollars for 5 months of work, 6 days a week. They owe me 4000.

This is the second company that has refused to pay my salary for work done. In total I'm owed about 7900 dollars (not counting overtime)

Immigration, labor, expat labor, the British embassy, no one can do a thing about it.

My little brother died here, he was meant to go home for an emergency surgery when we learnt that we were working illegally (we were told the visas were done but they weren't)

He had a fine of about 3000 dollars that we couldn't pay, the employer refused to pay and he died almost a year ago. When I finally confronted my boss for the money (about 5 months salary) he fired me on the spot.

I'm going back home tomorrow and I have 53 dollars (actually less coz I bought something to drink) and no where to go. My Dad is also trapped here.

I just thought I'd mention it, whatever you do, don't come to the Middle East if you are a poor person. 


Edit: This is a story I typed a while back, before I was hit with the visa fine (employers fault) and before I was eventually refused all the money owed to me. Like I said, 53 dollars for 5 months of work

 https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/96tuc1/seriouswhat_was_the_most_terrifying_financial/e4372df?utm_source=reddit-an


EDIT2: I'm 13 hours away from going home, we're desperately trying to arrange money so I have a place to go to. 

It's been really good to finally have people agreeing with me and having discussions about the problems here and not just saying it's my own fault. If you go look I've posted about this many many times and it didn't interest a lot of people; I just want people to know what happens here so they can avoid it.

 (I'm not asking for money, I'm just saying) I need 170 something dollars for a room for one month, my Dad is trying o ask his employer for some of his unpaid wages but it doesn't look great at the moment. My Dad and i have both been homeless before, I don't want to be like that again but I choose that over being stuck here.