Went on my first date in a year and he fell asleep before our date. I told him to forget it.
Put myself back out there, after a whole year since my last relationship ended. I finally landed a guy I thought may be worth my time and then get stood up. I was excited, I shaved everything, I did my hair and makeup and found a cute outfit. All for a loser like my ex. My ex had me wait 2 hours for him our first dat, said he'd be there in 20 and 20 turned into 2 hours!! I shouldve left. I didn't and relationship failed in the end. From the beginning he didn't give a damn. So thats why I didn't give this guy a 2nd chance. First impressions mean everything for sure. I don't need another version of my ex. He sounded so unapologetic on the phone when I called to see where he was. Didnt say sorry until i told him to forget it. It hurts, im embarrassed, and i cried, but I'm glad he showed his true colors on day one. I'm waving the litte white flag on dating. I deleted the apps. What was i thinking!? Trash is everywhere. I know you have to go through a few bad ones to get to the good. But I dont have any motivation to continue to get my heart played with. I enjoy not shaving and not wasting my time. So I'm done..until next time.

EDIT: for those that want the details this is how everything went. He asked me if he could come over yesterday,  I said let's meet in public first, he arranged date for that night at a sushi place, we agreed to talk soon, I text im on my way, get no response,  so keep driving hoping he just wasn't responding because he was driving too, i get there, text him ive arrived, wait another 10 mins, so I call him. Then he answers and says he fell asleep and he "knew this would happen" when he fell asleep at 4:30 (date was at 6:30) I go okay maybe we can reschedule or maybe we should forget it, but thats when he started to say what time is it? "Oh its 6:46, what time did we say we were gonna meet?" (After HE planned it for 6:30) I then said I'm already here and he goes "no youre not! You did not drive there" and im like yes i did, I drove all this way! He goes "Oh man you can hang up on me now i know you're probably mad" so I tell him to forget it. That's when he says I'm sorry I was a sleepy boy and I say okay bye. And hang up. He then snapchats me saying sorry again for being a sleepy boy. Kinda wierd but I accepted the apology and told him good luck with the next one. The end haha.