Life is an RPG and I fucked up my build+Penis debuff
I'd post this to r/SuicideWatch, but my posts have been removed in the past without explanation. Maybe they think I'm too much of an angry, edgy cunt. In reality, I'm too much of an oversensitive pussy to handle this life shit and too dumb to figure it out. And, unsurprisingly, I'm too much of a pussy to an-hero. Was looking into information about suicide methods and HOLY SHIT! Literally NONE of the options available to me seem like they'll reliably kill me, and instead might just leave me seriously crippled. I don't care if mom cries. This is a throwaway, but you can PM me. I actually really like talking to people, so I'll check back every now and then if a conversation actually gets going.

I guess I realized that I'm unfit for life when I was 10. That's when I first started thinking about suicide. I was an angry child, always screaming and throwing tantrums. A real pain in the ass for my parents. I ended up loudly proclaiming to my mom that I no longer cared and that I wanted to die. I ended up getting "help." Some help that was. Saw a therapist, but it didn't do shit. So I eventually just told my parents "yep, I'm cured!" because we were moving and I didn't want to go through the whole humiliating process you have to go through before you can "get" help again. I'm also broke with no health insurance. Truth is, those suicidal tendencies kept lingering on and on.

You know what my problem is? I'm an oversensitive little faggot. My feelings get hurt so easily, and I hate that about myself. I remember jerks in high school would be dicks to be and seem to feel nothing, but if I have so much as a social faux pas I feel really bad about it. I just don't get how people can just wipe off verbal razors and not care so casually. Even worse is that I'm pretty retarded and fear that I'm sometimes unintentionally rude when I never mean to be. I'm scared of social interaction and just feel so weird when I approach someone or have to talk. When I was a teenager, my mom would force me to go to parties that I didn't want to be at, and I just had NO idea what to do with myself. I think I might have autism or some other undiagnosed bullshit going on. Another example of my oversensitive fuckery. When I was fourteen, I had this crush on a girl who I was into WAY more than she was into me. I went on like, I dunno, TWO dates with this chick, never even kissed her, and it took my stupid ass four fucking years to get over her. Like, lmao what the fuck is wrong with me? How the FUCK do people manage this life shit?

Now, what's really weird, and what I think gets my posts removed from r/SuicideWatch, is that I think about circumcision A LOT. Let me explain. Each of my parents are atheists. So am I. Basically, I didn't even know what god or religion were until someone started talking about it in first grade and I just felt SO confused. Did not get it. For the first 18 years of my life, I did not know that I was, in fact, circumcised. The first time I heard that word was in 7th grade history class when we were doing a unit about ancient Egypt and Jews, and the word circumcision came up briefly. Had no idea what it was. Eventually someone told me that it's basically a Jewish ritual where they cut some skin off of your penis when you're a baby and my reaction was basically HOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK!?! But then I calmed down, remembered each my parents are atheists, and figured I was safe. lol nope. Thing is, I'm a bit of a coomer, so I was bound to find out about foreskin eventually. I remember it was my 18th birthday, and on a whim I clicked on a video where some chick was giving some guy with foreskin a blowjob, and I kinda stopped and went wait a second what the fuck is going on here? So that's how I found out I'm circumcised. It really freaks me the fuck out, and I started watching tons of foreskin porn just because the curiosity was killing me, not because it was a turn on or anything. Eventually, that curiosity lead me to watch a video of a circumcision, and I noped the fuck out pretty quickly. I'm a purveyor of fucked up content from bestgore and r/MorbidReality, but circumcision videos are just a huge no. Suddenly, some of the, er, problems with my dick started making sense. Literally none of the skin on my dick can move, so erections feel so tight that they really hurt. Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night because my nocturnal erections hurt so badly. I usually get what I call "breakfast wood" instead of morning wood, but it's still not fun waking up in the middle of the night twice a week because my dick hurts. I've heard guys talk about how sex feels so amazing, and I'm a virgin, but when I try cooming I barely feel a thing. I legit feel more when I rub my arm than when I rub my dick. I seriously feel no pleasure. I've spent so much time looking at foreskins and trying to imagine what it's like to have one that my reaction to seeing a circumcised penis is basically the same as if I lived in a world where circumcision never existed. I saw a picture of a male model the other day, and as a mostly straight guy I can no homo say that this guy had pretty much the perfect body, but then I looked at his dick and for a second I was just like WHAT HAPPENED?! So that's where I am. I change clothes and piss just like everyone else, and that's the worst part of my day. I don't even like looking or thinking about my dick because it instantly reminds me of circumcision videos and I just think "hmm, that happened to me." It just makes me want to commit Sudoku. I just feel SO uncomfortable with my body because of this. I'm terrified of my own penis.

Relationship with my parents is fucked. Said they did it for cosmetic reasons. So I dread my own penis, but at least my dad thinks my dick looks nicer than what he calls "disgusting cheese dicks", so I got that going for me. 🤡 If I could, I'd sue them and leave them penniless and homeless. This shithole is supposed to be the land of the free where I can do what I want, right? So why can't I sue them? What if what I want to be free to do is play with my foreskin? Fuck me, right? I used to think about killing myself and leaving a spiteful little suicide note to get back at them. I can imagine all the dumb faggots who'd show up to my funeral and it makes me sick. All the so called "friends" that cared about me oh so fucking much but never bothered to talk to me and who would most likely just laugh at me if I told them I was upset about circumcision. That's pretty much been my only experience when people find out that I hate being cut. I just can't stand looking at my parents, but at the same time I'm too much of a pussy to do anything. I tried to join the military because I hoped it would make me not such a sensitive faggot and make me feel like an adult and put my life on track, but I pussied out at the last minute because I'm scared of leaving home. Don't think I'm scared of leaving my parents as much as I'm scared of not having any familiar faces or having to leave my room. Plus, I have really bad pee shyness. Could barely piss at MEPs. Plus I'd have to see lots of uncircumcised penises at boot camp, and actually seeing them in person instead of just behind some monitor I think would drive me crazy. So I pussied out. So that leaves me here in the basement of a housed owned by a dad I hate and getting ready for college in fall, 2 years behind on life compared to my peers, depressed, own a car on the verge of breaking down, a fucked up circumcision that was probably done by a shaky handed medical student with cerebral palsy, working a job I hate, and possibly retarded. I started lifting years ago because I wanted to improve myself, but now I'm just buff and still a pussy.

I also want to mention that I'm a stupid hopeless romantic. I desperately crave some kind of intimacy. I like writing, and as you can guess most of my shit has at least a little romance. I think the last time I had any sort of compliment that wasn't from my mom was over a year ago when some girl I hadn't seen in months said I looked bigger and asked if I had been lifting. She was engaged, so it's not like she was flirty, but I felt so flattered. There's this one girl I started hanging out with in 3rd grade, but over time I started wanting something more. I told her I loved her when i was 12 but she didn't feel the same. I still talk with her on discord now and again. I get the feeling sometimes that after 7 years she's starting to come around, and I just can't get rid of these dumb feelings for her. She seriously feels like the perfect match. I've never met someone who was so much on my wavelength. I just wanna grab her by the shoulders, look her in the eye, and tell her I love her, but I'm too much of a pussy for something like that. Even if I somehow did manage to bag some poor, unfortunate lady, then what? My dick barely feels a thing and jerking off is more painful than pleasurable. Can't imagine sex would be any different with my fucked up dick. How would I satisfy myself? How would I satisfy her? Most people just laugh and don't get it when I say that I'm pretty mad about my fucked circumcision. I could form a whole ass relationship and fall for a girl only for her to laugh at me and say that she doesn't like ant-eaters anyway. Why even try? I don't even like the idea of sex that much because i can't stand the sight or thought of my dick. Wouldn't exactly call myself an incel because I'm attractive enough that I could get a meaningless one night stand that I'll regret if I wanted to. It's even though I crave sexual intimacy, my borderline sensationless dick that feels more pain than pleasure kinda stops me. I just want someone to hug me and tell me they love me. There's that old, meaningless adage "it gets better." I've been waiting for nine years for it to get better, and life has only gotten worse. Also still waiting for those spircumbision health benefits to kick in. Yeeting yourself in front of a train and dying a virgin decreases your chance of getting an STD from having unprotected sex by 100%. 🤡

TL;DR: Life is an RPG and I fucked up my built+Penis debuff. I don't want to play and don't know how to. I'm not having any fun. How do I log off? What do?