Pursuing a master's/PhD in I/O Psych as a business major
 

I'm  graduating in May with a degree in Human Resources Management. While  I've enjoyed this field, I've found myself more drawn to I/O psychology  and social psychology, wishing I majored in this field instead. When I  graduate, I will have 9 - 12 hours of undergraduate psychology  experience under my belt (research lab, general psych, and social  psych). I didn't enjoy school til this last semester, and as a result  (and losing my father), I have a 3.15 GPA.

I  spoke with a professor today who took the time out of his day to tell  me his career path, how he went from business, to I/O psych, and finally  to social psychology. I believe that if I were to pursue an extended  education in psychology, I would certainly need a PhD to make $100k or  more.

I'm trying to figure out how I should go about getting a PhD - some options are below:

A)  Work full time & have my employer pay for grad school - perhaps  online? I'm worried about being overwhelmed and sacrificing the quality  of my education if I go this route.

B)  Go to grad school ASAP, and take on student debt. Potentially work  part-time at the university, and receive tuition assistance of some sort  due to being an employee of the university.

C) Pursue a PhD program (though I doubt I could get into one due to not majoring in Psych as an undergrad, and my GPA).

My  biggest concern with doing a PhD is the amount of my time spent doing  this. I don't want to take a long break from school only to go back, and  I don't want to spend more than 8 years on a PhD. Ideally, I'd get my  PhD over with in the quickest time possible, so working while pursuing  it may not be ideal either. My school (University of Tennessee) does NOT  have an I/O master's program, but I would be interested in going to  MTSU for a master's in I/O... Another silly question I have: Would I get  my master's in I/O, and then my PhD in Psychology or would it have to  be I/O Psychology?

Thank you!