I'm losing my passion for violin
I've accepted that I don't wanna be a musician as my career and that playing violin is fun when I do what I want vs trying to get good enough to be a professional playing gigs and shit. Also I don't care about it as much as I used to, like having to do it every day feels like a chore instead of something fun that I want to do. There's still plenty of times where I play and it's cool and satisfying, but a lot of times I'm just not in the mood, and I hate feeling like I *have* to play. So I decided that violin can just be a hobby that I do when I feel like and orchestra is for shits and giggles instead of preparing me for my career.

Well I've been practicing less cuz I don't care as much and I feel guilty cuz of how much stress my old teacher put on me to practice *every day,* so now I feel like I'm doing something wrong by not practicing even though I don't want to (not that I never will but only if I'm in the mood). Today I had enough and decided to practice to make the guilt go away, but when I did it wasn't cool or fun or anything, it felt like a chore just like before. At least I'm more prepared and comfortable with the new song I got but still it wasn't too fun.I thought trying to figure out how to play a song I like by ear would make it more fun (I did that and the new song) but it wasn't. So I felt guilty for not doing it but didn't enjoy doing it.

When I finished I got the same feeling I always get after practicing like I'm done with everything I need to do for the day and can finally relax, but it wasn't satisfying. Idk how to let go of the guilt and be okay with not practicing as much but still enjoy it when I do practice. Maybe I just need to get used to it cuz it's so new. It doesn't help that I put a lot of my identity into being a musician, even when I was denying to myself I wasn't enjoying it as much I still forced it. And my mom is big on music and loved it growing up so she makes it a big deal for us to, saying even if I'm not gonna be a musician I shouldn't lose my skills. That makes me feel guilty too.

This was kinda dumb and messy whoops