I'm paying thousands for dental work now because I delayed getting something basic fixed.
I fucked up.

I see a lot of posts about medical costs on here and I just want this story to serve as a reminder to all medical related issues: if you ignore it now, it will cost you later. This happened to my teeth, aka my 'optional bones' according my insurer. I had to get a root canal done because it got infected. I had a very slight lingering pain but 4 days later it hadn't gone away. I was concerned enough to see a dentist asap, and they confirmed a hole in my tooth was heavily infected and a root canal was needed asap. I asked for a quote first. The dentist happily ran the numbers: $250 plus $25 copay. I would also need antibiotics. I decided to put it on my credit card and pay it off with the next paycheck because I didn't want to delay it; infections are serious. Don't fuck with them. I once ignored a fever for a few hours and wound up in the ICU for 6 days.

So I got the root canal done and quite a significant amount of tooth had to be sheered off. It wasn't a fun recovery, but the antibiotics cleared it up and after the swelling went down, I now had a functional - though slightly stubby and short - tooth left over. 

I was told I would need a crown too, to make up for the missing tooth mass, and because they had really drilled deep in there: teeth aren't so strong when they're hollowed out. I asked her to run the numbers again. This time, my insurer denied it. I would be paying 100% out of pocket because I had hit my cap for THE WHOLE YEAR. It would cost $2000. I said no. The tooth had recovered well and I would be losing about 5 months worth of savings for something my insurer declared was purely cosmetic. The dentist warned me against opting out, but I said I'd have to come back later when I can afford it. Honestly, I was willing to wait until January 1st for my insurance to roll over, since it would cut the cost of any work down by half.

Today, two months after my root canal, I was enjoying some slightly refrigerated chocolate and heard a "crunch". I spat out what I was chewing on and searched the mess for what I initially thought was a giant grain of salt. Nope, it was a full one-quarter of my damaged tooth. I washed my mouth out and see the gap that's now glaring at me in the mirror. 

The cost of restoration + sealant + moulding + crown + x-rays + whatever, it's going to be far more than if I had just sucked it up in the beginning. Emergency savings are meant for emergencies, but I was convinced by my lack of insurance coverage that a crown was purely optional, just restoring the cosmetic shape of my original tooth. I also assumed the dentist was just trying to con more money out of me with unnecessary add-ons. Welp, I was wrong. And now I feel bad too because my dentist is absolutely lovely and I've just been mentally tainted by the whole US health system (as an Aussie).

It would honestly be cheaper to fly home and get dental work done, and I am returning to Aus in August, but I am not fucking with this again. I found a teaching dental school in my city that quoted me about 800-1200 for a single tooth of work. It's still such an enormous chunk of my savings but I told them fuck yeah get me in asap. I'm not making this dumb mistake again.

Don't ignore small medical issues, they snowball into big medical problems very quickly.