Student Affairs in Higher Education Masters Programs- Advice
Hi everyone!

I am new to the Reddit society so this is like my maiden voyage. I am graduated about a year ago and took a gap year to get away from academi

I have just applied to 4 Student affairs programs for the 2018-2019 academic year:

James Madison University: Counseling Psychology, College Student Personnel Administration (my alma mater)

The University of Tennessee-Knoxville:College Student Personnel 

University of North Carolina @ Greensboro:  Student Affairs Administration in Higher Education

Bowling Green State University: College Student Personnel.

I am really excited to see where I am accepted. As I think about the process, I am thinking about all the factors to consider. Some major factors I am considering:

1. Cost- With a good amount of student debt on my shoulders, I am really considering everything I can to think about *reducing debt as much as possible while also choosing a program that has a great fit.* I am originally from Virginia so JMU would be the only school being in-state. I am also considering tuition and fees (especially fees because they add up). Right now every program covers tuition in some way or form.

2. Personal Growth & goals- I was at my alma mater as an undergrad for 5.5 years and so I have spent a lot of time. I am sort of in a dilemma as to whether I need a new experience going out-of-state or whether I should stay at my alma mater. I know that one of my long term career goals is to be a College Planning Education Consultant so I am looking at doing an internship hopefully. I would also want experience in enrollment management (financial aid and admissions), academic advising, and career services.) I 

3. Curriculum & Practical Experiences- This was something I looked closely at seeing the courses. Some have rigid curriculum where every class is mapped out and some have required courses with a choice of electives from different areas. I know that I have an interest in Counseling and Student Development & Learning. Personally, I am not sure which type of curriculum I would go for. I have looked at the curriculum and researched every course description. In addition, I know the amount of experiences that each program has (assistantships, internships, and practicum.)

4. Cohort Size- I have considered a small cohort and a large one. Each having their pros and cons.

So, there's the overview of my thoughts in a nutshell. What are your thoughts and do you all have some suggestions to think about as I consider decisions in the admissions process?