My dad may be made homeless in a month so he's sending my step mum back to America.
**I apologise before hand about my writing, I don't feel like making it be all nice.**

My dad married my step mum about two years ago and brought her over from the states. She had a really well payed job as a police officer. All her family were over there too. The plan was to work at his gym for a while and then move back to the states.

But recently everything which could go wrong with his buisness has. He recently introduced cross fit to his gym but the people who designed it and installed it, did it wrong, and now the floor has broken. This means one of the rooms is useless and will cost a lot of money he doesn't have. He asked them to pay for it but they're refusing, so he was going to take them to talk. But his solicitor said that it might take as long as till next year to get them in court. Plus the solicitors fees are already at £2000.

And this week he also found out that one of his employees was messing with the files and has made him loose ~£10,000 ish. And his previous wife who had been doing the accounting, had not done it well, so he offers a company several more thousand pounds plus interest.

He approached his own father who has is capable of helping him, but he said he has to go and talk to my own granddad. My granddad also owns a business but can not help him at this moment in time. My dad did not want to do this because he does not owe him anything, and he is a proud man. So today he is going back to his own father to talk to him again.

If he does not get the money then the gym will close and he will have to sell his house. He does not want his wife to have a shit life or be homeless so in one final effort he is sending her back to the states where she can rebuild her life. He however from the sound of it will be made homeless.

All in all he needs about £40,000 which he doesn't have.

**TL;DR My dad's buisness is going bust and his own father who has the potential to help him is refusing. This means he may loose his house and business, so in one last effort he is going to send my step mum back to the states, so she can rebuild her life.**

Edit: I should probably mention that my parents are split up and I live with my mum. I only see my dad every two weeks and my parents hate each others guts.