I feel abandoned by my own community.
I'm a transsexual man. I've been out for the past 6 years and physically transitioning through hormones for the past 1.5 years. I was supposed to get a double-mastectomy done this summer but that's been postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic. My family has never been supportive of this and I'll never get any guidance from them through my transition, so I feel alone.

Initially I could talk to other transsexual people and ask for advice in how to talk to my family, get resources for therapists who specialize in the field as well as endocrinologists and surgeons. People were only ever supportive, understood the disconnect between my brain's sex and my body's sex (known as gender dysphoria) and there was nothing controversial about this being seen as a medical condition.

But now it's all wrong. It's become a bunch of these teenagers who base their "gender identity" solely on how they dress and what name they choose, and it has nothing to do with gender dysphoria. These people became the vocal minority, and then everyone else started agreeing and now saying that gender dysphoria is what makes someone trans is now a controversial statement. 

People are less interested in transition now and more interested in "breaking the binary." They're more interested in who has it harder, and if you "pass" as your desired sex, you're more privileged than people who don't "pass." They're more interested in tearing each other down rather than supporting each other. 

I'm struggling, I really am. People used to just want to transition, then get on with life and leave the "trans" part behind. For me it's so trivial. I dont introduce myself as being SomeRagingPacifist, 19, trans man. I assume people read me as male and that's all I care about. I dont out myself to anyone unless I need to. There's no need. 

But now you have to be proud about your identity or whatever, and being "stealth" is a privilege and you're abandoning trans people who aren't stealth. 

What about me? You abandoned me! I don't give a shit if you feel left behind anymore! Grow up. I used to feel supported, now I feel othered.

There's another community called r/truscum which supposedly holds beliefs similar to mine but damn, they are so fucking whiny sometimes that they're not worth my time either. 

I am not proud of my identity. I'm transitioning to male, and I wanted some support through that, but all I'm getting is bitchiness and polarization of opinions. I just want to transition and be done. I ideally wanted guidance along the way, guidance I can't get from my parents, but now that's too much to ask. I'll just do it alone.