23 years old with no degree..no idea which path should I take..losing myself to depression.. completely lost in life...have no idea what should I do now?
Hi..I don't know how should I explain what I'm going through...I feel like I've lost in life big time..sometimes I feel like I can't do anything anymore can't achieve anything..I'm a 23 years old guy working at a warehouse from past 8 months...before that I was working as a customer sales representative at a BPO for like 6 months....did my high school with not so good grades five years back..took admission in Bs accounting but dropped out at 2nd semester..after that wasted like 3 years of my life doing nothing expect watching TV series..in 2018 I passed 1st year of an associate degree in commerce n next year I flunked in one subject.. right now I still have that subject left until I get my associate degree...I don't know which path should I go.. exam is in September.. after that I would have to do another two years to complete my bachelor's...In short, I wasted 5 years of my life n did nothing good....I work in a warehouse which is a physical job..12 hours alternate duty shift for 5 days n 2 days off...it doesn't pay me much but I manage my living n food expenses... Savings of 200$ only at max....it feels like I'm just stuck n wasting my time ... N this job won't even help me as a career...I'm good at making PowerPoint presentations or at least I was good at it back in high school..n spreadsheets as well...but i don't even know what should I do with this ....other than that I have no skills whatsoever..
My job nature is so tiring that I have almost no time to do anything else on weekdays...mentally I'm just frozed.. 
I can't even think of anything now which interests me as a career...I used to like the idea of being a photographer n editor..a web designer...but since I have no basic skills of how to do it idk where to begin even if I want to....help me out..my life is crumbling down in front of me with each day passing......