With RD season coming up: When you decline admission or withdraw your app to a college, they’ll ask you for a reason, and you should say it was for financial reasons.
Colleges use the questionnaire as data to help them know who’s accepting, who’s declining, and it’s not a stretch to think it’ll be used to benefit the school especially in increasing their yield in the future.

So if you put down that you’re going to another school and put the reason as they have a better program or something else, they’ll make a note of your stats and may use it to make a more informed decision in whether to accept or decline a similar student in the future. You’ll be required to give a reason in the questionnaire too, and sometimes they require you to put down the school you’ve accepted instead too so you can’t leave it blank.

In order not to let your data be used in this way and to put pressure on colleges to give more aid or decrease tuition, put down financial aid as the main reason. There are no downsides to this. You won’t screw future classes over, and if enough people do it, it’ll make a statement. College is too fucking expensive.

EDIT: Not condoning lying, but if you’re choosing another school for multiple reasons with financial aid being one of them, put financial aid down as the reason since they’re usually only asking for one.

EDIT 2: Hey everyone, wow I wasn’t expecting this post to blow up like this. I’ve wrote a few loooong comments as replies to people who think colleges using data like this is a ludicrous idea, but I figured a lot of people won’t see them, so putting some info here. More links in the comments.

How are colleges using your data? Well, already pretty unethically. At the University of Wisconsin-Stout and over 43 other colleges (at least the ones The Washington Post found), [they](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2019/10/14/colleges-quietly-rank-prospective-students-based-their-personal-data/) collect your data and use it in such a way without feeling the need to tell you because to quote Buff State: “You have a choice of not interacting at all” referring to the fact that people make a choice to visit the website and they can get their info through phone calls or social media posts instead. Ludicrous, right? They’re saying you’re agreeing to colleges using your data to score you when you’re looking up information and need to make a choice between a detailed database with answers to most of your questions and an Instagram post. I think you need to access the website to find the phone number too.

At UW-Stout, they use an algorithm to assign you a score out of 100 to determine what’s the likelihood you’d accept an offer if given and use it to make decisions. It’s also not said (hmm) where they got the data for the algorithm. I’m a CS/Philosophy major, so the role of trust in an online relationship is super interesting, but to me, I think these events have diminished, perhaps obliterated, any trust in the relationship between you and colleges. Perhaps better advice would have been to not answer the questionnaires at all and forgo making a statement. Your data is valuable, so protect it. This is another way colleges obscure the admissions process to increase the power imbalance in their favor, and transparency and organizing as a collective is how we get the power back.