What is the best way to a medical career and degree while working?
I am an American working in IT, but I want to become a medical doctor, ideally in a different county.  

Mainly, I am looking for advice.  Would it be better to:

A: Save up while working in IT, get a medical degree in America, then move to Scotland or Canada to complete a medical residency and practice.  

B: Get a career in healthcare, either in IT or as a nurse, and work in a position in America that will pay to help me get a medical degree, deal with an American residency (I'd rather do my residency in Scotland/Canada, if possible), and move to Scotland or Canada as a fully certified doctor.

C: Move to Scotland or Canada while working in IT, proceed to get the degree, certifications/residency and practice there.  (I haven't looked into Canadian emigration law too heavily and am not too familiar with how Canadian/Scottish education would work for a professional degree to someone who probably wouldn't be a citizen at the time, I'm also not sure if American schools would look better on a resume.)

D: Get a nursing degree in America, then move to Canada or Scotland as a nurse and proceed to get a medical degree there.  

...or something else?

I'm still in the preliminary stages of researching and planning this career change, but I wanted to ask here in the hopes of getting a wide range of opinions and I'm hoping people will point out things I might not have considered.  

Some other concerns and thoughts I have on this:

Although I am not struggling, financially I cannot afford to stop working or work part time to get a degree in America and may have trouble with the cost of an American education in general.  I've considered continuing in IT to save up for a medical doctorate in America, but my concern is that this would take a while.  I've considered getting a nursing degree and then proceeding to a medical degree while working as a nurse, but have some health problems that may make me unable to handle the physical demands of some nursing positions (I've spoken to several nurses about this), but I am extremely intelligent and willing to work very long hours, so I don't think I'd have any problems with the less physical aspects.   I know some medical facilities are willing to pay some education costs if you're working in an applicable field, so I know nursing would work better for that aspect, but the IT position may work out better in the long run, financially speaking as it wouldn't necessarily require much additional training and may be more sustainable for me physically.