After a stressful season of applications, I've withdrawn all of them and I'm not going to college
Its kinda click baity but its true. I withdrew my applications to every college I submitted an application to. I decided to enlist in the Air Force instead. I swore into the Delayed Entry Program just before Christmas and I've never been happier.

Why did I decide to forego college? Its not because I couldn't go anywhere or because the military was a last resort option. I have good stats (33 ACT, 3.87 GPA, strong ECs, and several prestigious awards). It wasn't because I couldn't afford college (between savings, scholarships, financial aid, and half of a GI Bill, I could've paid for college with minimal debt.

I enlisted because I really wanted to. I haven't booked a specific job yet, but hopefully I'll end up in an Aircrew or Intelligence job. I am going to complete my Bachelor's on Uncle Sam's dime (thank you to all of you who pay taxes, its appreciated) and then get a Master's degree paid for by my GI Bill once I get out of the military. I can do all of that in about the same amount of time that it would take to finish six years of university (BA and MA) level education.

I'll be 19 years old making a decent salary with no debt and very few living expenses, complete health care, amazing opportunities, guaranteed college tuition support, and probably a Top Secret clearance. 

So I urge you, if someone you know decides to forego college entirely and forge their own path, military or otherwise, support them. Don't tell them they're throwing their future away. Don't say "But you have so much potential." I'm excited about my future and the opportunity to get a Bachelor's, a Master's, and a career opportunity debt-free. I'm not throwing my future away, I'm taking a while to do what I love and reap the maximum possible benefits from it and hopefully come out ahead.

Best of luck to all of you as you select your colleges and finish your apps. I love you guys and I want the world for you.

Bye for now ✌️

&#x200B;

EDIT: So a lot of people seem to think that I'm drinking the Kool-Aid. I'm not. I was born on an Air Force base and I've spent the last 18 years moving 13 times, seeing my dad go on numerous deployments and too many TDYs to count. I know it takes a toll on families (my parents are now divorced) and I know its not an idyllic patriotic heaven of all benefit and no pain. It sucks sometimes. That's okay. I know what I'm getting myself into. I'm also not getting screwed over by my recruiter. My dad used to do recruiting and has helped me cut through the BS and really get what I want. I'm gonna be okay.