New job isn't going great
Hey all,

 
Started my current job in November and was given an excellent description of the commission scheme, sales structure and how to really succeed as an outbound sales rep.

 
A week after my start date all the above was announced to be restructured for all colleagues as of January 1st. 
 

Previously we would receive commission on all units sold/hired and would even share commission/points with other sales reps from the supplying branch if we send out the quote.

 
They’ve now changed it to require us to hit 60% of a target to receive any commission at all. If I get 59% I get £0. If I get 61%, I will receive 61% of my commission. If I was due to receive £1000 in commission, I will get £610 for that month. This would be fine as it drives people to work harder…

 
However,

 
We work in regions by postcode/zip codes. I manage 6 very busy areas of the UK surrounding London and was told are “prime areas that generate a lot of revenue”.
For some reason that is beyond me; the company has now started to assign accounts as a single point of contact. Meaning that somebody in Scotland can be managing an account in Wales. The product will come from the Wales depo but all communication will be to the Scottish sales rep and will randomly throw these around however they see fit. 
 

Now on top of that they also allow sales people in our head office to manage ANY AREA of the country and get dibs on new accounts for the first 3 months (even if I have generated the business). So, if a customer is 5 minutes from our depo, the sales person at head office who does not know the area, do not know the customer, do not have free range of selecting prices will be able to STEAL OUR SALES. Freely. No real restrictions to it. Even if I have done all the leg work to win that contract. 
 

I’ve worked in sales for a number of years and I’m all for a bit of competition, but I’ve never experienced such blatant neglect towards the sales people putting in the effort with customer to generate new business. So long as the bosses get units out. 
 

Opinions?