1,5 years ago I posted here about an amazing date. Now, I am completely (heart)broken from the break-up with the same girl... I am lost and don't know what to do.
Since this is a subreddit for dating and my issue is about a break-up, I am not sure if this post is allowed here... However, I think I really need some advice on how to deal with things, since I am completely lost right now. Sorry if it is a bit of a story, but I really feel the need to write this off me.

Around 1,5 years ago, I created post here about how I've met this girl during my roadtrip through the US, after the roadtrip she came over to visit me once again (she lives in another country), and I really started to like her. After this post, we visited each other multiple times, both fell in love and ended up in a relationship. It was great. While it wasn't my first relationship, it surely was different then the ones I've had before: everything felt much more intense: my feelings for her, my happiness every time I saw her, texted her or called her, everything. While normally I wouldn't think a long-distance relationship would be something I'd be interested in (my last relationship before that ended because of the distance), this time it wasn't a problem at all. Everything felt great and for me, it felt like we belonged together.

But ofcourse, no relationship is perfect. Sometimes our personalities collided: while I often say/do things out of emotion, she often did/say things from a more rational point of view and had a hard time showing her emotions to anyone. This resulted in us sometimes not understand each other why the other one did/say something and could cause a discussion. But despite all of this, I was still happy to be with her in the long run. We both worked hard for this relationship.

Last January, the first big issue came. I was at her place and we had a pretty big fight in the morning, which resulted in a break-up. However, I stayed there the rest of the day because I didn't want to leave yet and she didn't want me to leave yet... The evening came and I had to head home (had to drive for 6 hours to get home). Saying goodbye at that moment was horrible. We spend around 30 minutes sitting in my car crying in each others arms, before I eventually drove of. The drive was horrible. I was constantly in tears, couldn't focus on the road so had to stop every time, and even had to vomit a few times. So I texted her how I felt and the situation I was in... and she called me. She was in tears as well, saying we might have made a big mistake. Now, many people are not a big fan of restarting a relationship after a break-up for multiple reasons, but it was obvious here that we both still loved each other and couldn't let each other go yet... We didn't want to pretend nothing happened, so we decided instead of heading fully into a relationship again, we would 'lable' ourselves as 'back to dating' to take some of the pressure off. A week ago I flew to her place once again, and we had an amazing time! No discussions, no fights, everything seemed great.

But then, one week later, she called me. She said she has thought about us and everything a lot, and she said her feelings concerning 'being in love with me' have faded away and she sees me more as a friend. That call broke me. Personally I thought we were heading in the right direction again, but I guess I was wrong. I can't help but blame myself.

Due to the distance, she has send me a letter explaining her feelings. When this letter arrives (it hasn't yet), we will make one final phone call, to give both of us the opportunity to ask questions and make sure no things are being left open. Then, we will break contact for a while. We both don't want to lose each other out of our lives, because we still care too much about each other. We want to continue as friends, but both know that is only possible when I am completely over her and have learned to love her as a friend instead... But thinking about not having contact with her after that call is hard. These last few days were horrible. I can't focus on my work or study (I am a student pilot, so I had to cancel all my flights for this week due to a lack of focus), I start crying in the most random moments... I am a mess. I don't want to sound pathatic, but my heart is broken and I don't know how to get over this... I have the feeling I have lost my soulmate and love of my life, and I can't stop blaming myself that it now is over...

EDIT: Thank you all so so much for all your kind, incredible supportive messages full of tips and tricks! While I am on Reddit for a while now, I had no idea the Reddit community could be so supportive! I will try to react on every single message I get, because since all of you invested some time in trying to give me some (really great and usefull) advice, the least I can do is react to it! I'm currently a bit overwhelmed, but I will get back to you if your message hasn't been answered yet! Again, thank you Reddit!!