I haven't seen my grandma in a year, and the first thing she says to me is that I'm getting fat...
Things haven't been super great for me lately, but they haven't been super terrible either. For the most part, I'm happy and I'm content with having to work slowly to reach my goals rather than becoming successful overnight. 

I've have body image issues since I was about 12 years old. I'm a fairly introverted person so I don't appreciate comments about my appearance no matter what they are.  I've just never been comfortable with my body and I'd rather people just say "Hey, nice shirt" rather than "Aw, you're pretty/sexy/whatever" if they're going to pay me a compliment related to my appearance. 

Anyway. Yesterday my boyfriend and I visited my mom for the holiday, and my grandparents and uncle are in town as well. I say hello to my grandma and she immediately says "Looks like you're gaining a bunch of weight", then my mom agrees with her. I'm kind of stunned, but not really that surprised. My mom has been known to stealthily call me fat and insult my body to my face without provocation. What was a slap in the face was my grandma adding on later that I will DIE if I get too fat. Wut. 

Now, I know that I'm heavier than I was last year. I attribute that to my eating real food instead of snacks and sodas all the time. I've also been avoiding the fitness center at my complex because of some creepers that live in my building constantly ogling me whenever I'm out. One of them even tried to feel me up one day, but that's another story. 

So I'm sitting here now, feeling gross and wondering what I could cut out of my diet and how often a week I should work out to shed about 25 pounds or so so everyone can get off my back about how I'm rapidly approaching obesity. I just filled my face with a bunch of rice and lentils and it's a struggle resisting the urge to throw it all back up again. 

I know it's stupid, and honestly should be the least of my worries right now...but I've already been beating myself up about the weight gain over the past few months. I don't need to hear it from my family every time I see them, too. :s 

TL;DR: I already know I'm fat, and I don't really need to be constantly reminded of it by my own fucking family. Bleh.