Unrealistic pressure on myself as a new-hire?
I'm an exec assistant and just transferred from one department of our company to another. I was with my previous team for two years and I was a \~rock star\~ over there. I knew how everyone worked and was able to manage my six executives and team of \~70 on my own, which really impressed my new executive in my interview. I was hired with this team almost 3 weeks ago, and I feel like I've been *so slow* since my first day.

Granted, I haven't received any form of training with this team. I was basically thrown in to it from day one, and I feel like I'm learning how my new executive works by her telling me I'm making a mistake or doing things wrong. I'm really struggling with this learning curve, because her working style is a complete 180 from what I'm used to with my previous team, and I almost feel like I'm starting from scratch or having to rewire my brain and unlearn what I'm used to. I also feel like an idiot because I'm having my mistakes pointed out to me constantly. I was told that I was hired because they knew I was a great admin and that I could handle it, but I feel really discouraged after having mistake after mistake pointed out (which is really just preferential stuff of my current exec vs. my previous ones). 

My previous execs would essentially give me a long list of things to do, and then leave me alone to do them + answer their phones. My new exec is *extremely* hands on, requires a lot more "assisting", remembers exact conversations and things she asked you to do from two weeks ago, and likes everything to be a certain way. She will ask me questions about her calendar or meetings I've scheduled as if I have her calendar memorized, expecting a quick answer, and then I feel like a flustered idiot trying to remember what her meetings are or when I scheduled a specific meeting for.

She's SO nice and everyone tells me she's a great leader, but I can't help but feel like I'm falling short of their expectations of this "master admin" they hired. I think she's used to a level of service that her previous admin provided (who was with her for a few years) and I'm just not there yet. However, I feel like a learning curve for just changing departments within the same company shouldn't be this difficult. My friends tell me to cut myself some slack, that it's only week 3 and that I wasn't trained, but I also feel like it really shouldn't be so hard for me to grasp, especially since I technically do know how to do everything.

Anyone else in the same situation or have any type of advice? I feel like I'm putting unrealistic pressure on myself because I'm so used to being able to handle everything, and that just being "new" is hard for me, but I can't help it when I'm constantly being told I'm doing things wrong or not being "proactive" enough when I never really needed to be before.