I'm failing my classes, I'm depressed, and my girlfriend of almost two years wants to take a break for a month or two while I figure my stuff out.
My girlfriend and I had been in a long distance relationship for about a year after she had to take a break from college, then she came back to my university and stayed with me over the summer.  It was fantastic.  Then the semester started, and everything started slowly going downhill.  I'm in my junior year, the classes are so much harder now.  I've never really had to study before, and I don't know where to even begin.  My best friend had to go to a different school due to personal issues, and another good friend of mine stopped talking to me almost altogether.  I just began to feel stretched really thin.  I didn't have time for anything, no matter what I did I couldn't find time for anything.  This started to affect my girlfriend, who cannot afford to do bad in her classes this semester.  She told me several times that she was worried about me and she didn't like my attitude towards school.  I didn't listen, I kept getting angry about the stupidest things.  Slowly it was like we were going through the motions, even though we both love each other immensely.  And finally, last Monday she told me she couldn't handle it anymore and that if I kept going the way I was going, she would leave me.  So she said for us to take a break until the end of the semester.  I'm so miserable and lonely right now, I don't know what to do.  During the past few months I slowly alienated most of my friends, they all said I was acting weird.  In the past week I've been working really hard to try and fix myself, rebuilding broken bridges and all that, and trying to focus harder on schoolwork.  That's the hardest part, because I'm constantly terrified that she won't take me back.  She said she lost her attraction towards me, and I'm going to have to work to rebuild it.  I'm trying really hard and I can feel progress being made, but...I just keep breaking down and I'm so scared.  I hurt her and it's killing me.  I used to self harm a lot too, hitting myself.  I haven't done that in a while and I'm scared I might start that up.  I'm scared I might start drinking a lot to cover up the pain.  I'm scared that if she does leave me, I'll hurt myself on an impulse decision and I won't be able to fix it.  I'm a broken man right now and I don't know what to do. 

Edit:  she is willing to work with me though, we're going out on a date next weekend.