Hidden Brain Does an Episode on how having money problems can lead to an inability to make sound financial decisions due to "Tunnel Vision" a focus/justification that leads to bad financial decisions.
Obviously you have to listen to the entire episode to understand the topic better. I hope my title is not misleading. i tried to best explain the concept in 1 sentence, but hour from now i will possible realize an error or un-intentional mis-representation of the issue. So apologies if that turns out to be the case.  

Listen to the episode, it discusses how people in certain types of stress, like financial stress essentially justify purchases without realizing it is a bad idea.  

This can even effect those of us with plenty of money. It is about the mental blocks we create when we feel a scarcity in some way. so this is also a good listen for people in all kinds of situations even the middle class and wealthy. It just happens to focus on financial scarcity.  

Anyways, even if it does not directly solve an issue, i always find it good to understand how our minds work, and then maybe we can catch ourselves when and if we go into these mental states.  

If only to stop us at checkout and make us think "Hey, wait. Am i doing that mental Justification and not actually making a good choice right now?"  

Here is the link to the Episode: [https://www.npr.org/2018/04/02/598119170/the-scarcity-trap-why-we-keep-digging-when-were-stuck-in-a-hole](https://www.npr.org/2018/04/02/598119170/the-scarcity-trap-why-we-keep-digging-when-were-stuck-in-a-hole)  

If you have a podcast app and look up "Hidden Brain" it is the April 2nd, 2018 episode, shouldn't be too far down the list.

DISCLAIMER: This is hidden brain not some media news show trying to tell you how to think and live. Hidden Brain tends to be an extremely open minded podcast. It simply discusses studies and observations. It is not always delivering absolute facts. Sometimes it is just debating a topic and has no final conclusion. In fact it often leaves many things up in the air and just gives you various sides of the topic to think about.  I am not saying this is some absolute fact and neither are they. It is just an interesting thing to think about and possibly watch out for. If it can help 1 person and applies to no one else. Well at least 1 person was helped and the rest of us have a nice conversation starter.