Why do both of my parents think everything i do is wrong?
I’m 17 years old and these past few years I occasionally keep fighting with my parents with reasons I don’t even know.

The reason we fight is not because i was doing drugs, my grades are dropping, getting into fights, or anything that could get me into trouble.

It’s mostly of simple reason such as :
When we travel abroad at the hotel the staff seems to forgot to give us some coffee when he/she is cleaning our room. So my parents ask me to called the hotel service to bring us some coffee. So i did what they ask and called the hotel service to bring us some coffee. Then my parents asked what did i say to them. I answered “i just asked them to bring us some coffee”. Then they told me “why did you say that? You should’ve said can you give us coffee since you didn’t put one in the room when you were cleaning the room, and now we will have to pay for the coffee.” I said it’s fine and told them if that happens i will told them we didn’t have it before. They asked me to call the staff again to which i say there’s no need then they keep insisted on it and they start yelling and then we got into a debate
Just because of coffee......

And it’s been like this these past few years 
I mean i get it parents have ego and they want to have some sort of dominance over their kids but isn’t this to much? 
Since then i started to just take the blame to which i thought they would stop yelling to me.
They didn’t 

Just moments ago before writing this post i got into this type of debate again with my parents. 
But, this time i feel this would be the last...

I couldn’t take it anymore i just want to end this all i have no one to talk to and my parents who’s supposed to be comforting me in a situation like this is the one who’s causing the problem.
They keep telling me I’m wrong and after things cool down when i asked what did i do wrong they always answer with you’re not wrong and begin their an hour long speech about life.

I get no one wants to read this and no one cares about a problem of someone they don’t know. I don’t even know how to kill myself or do i even have the guts to do it. All i want is for this problem to stop and look for a place to vent so thank you if you’re reading this.