Real Tips for Getting a Job for Entry-Level Candidates and During Recessionary Periods: Based on Theory that not all interviewers are looking for what's best for the employer.
Jobs: you work, they pay. Simple, right? Hardly! This article briefly discusses other intangibles that are exchanged in an employment relationship. It focuses on a particular type of intangible that takes away value from that exchange in favor of an "intermeddler." Please read the whole post to understand the theory. The practical tips are at the end of the post. 

At the simplest level, the fundamental exchange between an employer and employee is money for labor. That labor can be further differentiated into physical and knowledge-based efforts. However, far more is exchanged in the employment relationship than this. I am not referring to fringe benefits and health insurance, rather I am referring to the intangibles that permeate the work environment. In most cases, the intangibles are not significant, but in industries or sectors where the supply of employment positions is low relative to the availability of labor, these intangibles become significant. Such a scenario can present itself during recessions as well as for entry-level positions even in a good economy. 

The intangibles can be analogized to economic externalities because they are difficult to isolate, identify, and measure. But anyone with work experience can confirm, based on personal experience, that these intangibles, at least, exist. Quantifying them is another matter and perhaps is a discussion to be had later. Some of these intangibles include, superfluous personality traits as well as social affiliations. To clarify, certain personality traits are supportive of a good working relationship, we know them from job descriptions: cooperative, team player, engaged with colleagues, professional, optimistic. However, others are superfluous because while they may serve the personal interests of the hiring official, they are not needed for the position or for the employer’s needs, such as: interest in a particular cuisine, music, hobby, or political affiliation. We will call these superfluous personality traits as “SPT” for short. 

Next, we have social affiliations that are also superfluous. Some organizations, particularly public or non-profit, expressly disallow favoritism for family members. However, other affiliations such as alma mater, church, social group, regional upbringing, can also influence the hiring official. Generally, these similarities may make it easy for the hiring official to assimilate and befriend the newly, hired human resource, but as far as the organization is concerned these are superfluous vis-a-vis concrete skills, education, and experience. We will call these superfluous social affiliations or “SSA” for short. 

Now that we have discussed the intangibles, I will present a sample scenario. The employer has Need A. Need A requires Skill A, Education A, and Experience A. Each category of ability can have levels of development (say, I, II, III). First, the potential employee ideally should have each ability and next the higher level of development they have the better, faster, and more precisely, they can fulfill Need A.

In an ideal world, the employer would locate the perfectly qualified candidate and pay them the worth of their contributions. But the reality is that organizations are filtered through humans. And humans are not always perfectly aligned with the organization. In these instances, the hiring official may have his or her own needs: fun or reliable subordinates (SPT); or wishes to do do a favor for the country club or neighbor (SSA). These personal needs, when they trump the fundamental Need A of the organization, do a disservice to the organization because the organization hires someone who is not the most optimum for the position and other workers have to accordingly pick up slack for that sub-par person. 

A hiring official that allows his or her superfluous and personal preferences influence the hiring process can be fairly called an “inter-meddler” in the employer-employee exchange. What they are doing is incrementally taking away value from the relationship. 


When the organizational (legitimate) need is very high and those with the requisite skills is heterogeneous (i.e., few candidates are similar) it becomes harder and harder for the inter-meddler to justify hiring an inferior candidate based on the intangible and superfluous traits. However, where there is a seemingly homogenous population, this kind of behavior becomes more difficult to tease out.
Those in entry-level hiring markets who have roughly similar skills as peers are more likely to have experienced this. As well as, recessionary periods when large numbers of people with roughly the same level of ability are looking for work. 

Now for the possibly valuable advice: How can someone who thinks they are facing this situation tackle this problem? 

For one, seek to differentiate yourself from your peers. Become “heterogeneous.” In other words, if you have a particular strength or unique experience in a certain area, look for positions that need and demand that skill. This will make it hard for you to be denied a position by an intermeddling decision-maker. Next, be sure to deeply understand the need of the employer. Remember that even job descriptions are filtered through people and the people may not accurately convey what the employer is in need of. So, understand the industry, the role, the typical duties, and determine for yourself at the end of the day what needs to be accomplished. Next, look at your skills, experience, and education, and objectively and quantitatively enumerate those abilities you have and tie them to the position need. This will drive home that you are a heterogeneous and exceptional candidate that should not be subordinated in favor of another candidate who will not be able to meet the need of the organization. 

On the flip-side: How can an enlightened organization address this potential problem?

It is important to have broad policies that go beyond disallowing family-based nepotism. Additionally, requiring post-interview rubrics that are quantitative and require articulation of concrete skills, education, and experience based reasons with citation will make it challenging for an intermeddler to justify why they want an inferior candidate. In turn, the organization will be less likely to lose value by hiring sub-par candidates and existing employees will be relieved of picking up slack in instances where this happens.

This is obviously one theory based on anecdotal evidence. However, it is food for thought. Think about it, if you have ever found yourself in this type of situation, about the plausibility of this model and whether the intangibles are significant enough to be addressed by an organization.