I (26F) just had the perfect date with my teenage crush of 12 years. I am stunned.
Hi everyone,

I am still in awe of what just happened. I just had an almost out-of-body experience with my teenage crush - as silly as it sounds. My story sounds like it came out of the cheesiest and most insane rom-com but I wanted to share with you all because I wanted to say: DREAMS DO COME TRUE.

I had a crush on this guy since I was 14. He was the classic looking-cute kind of guy that you check out at the same "spot" every weekend or so, where all the kids hangs out. I was obsessed with him, I would drool everytime I'd see him with his friends - I thought he was the coolest guy I'd ever seen in my life. We never got to talk, I was super awkward with not a lot of experience and I was freaking the fuck out whenever he was near me. You know, very immature kid-dy stuff. All my friends would know about him but nothing ever came out of it. I stopped seeing him after high school.

Fast forward 7 years, I bump into him in a party. I was with a couple of friends from school and when I told them he was at the party, they got even more excited than I did. We were a bit drunk and my friend kind of pushed me his way (embarrassing, I know) and we started talking. He seemed interested right away and he was asking me very genuine questions and I was so impressed. Also was dying inside. He asked for my number and then left fairly early because his friends were leaving. Next day he did message me and asked to hang out but at the time I had just started being with someone else so I felt bad and cut the conversation short. He was still THAT guy and I was of course disappointed over it but at the same time I found it very rewarding (for the sake of my 15-year-old self) so I got over it.

Now fast forward 3 years, I am newly single and got together with the high school friend I mentioned above. We got drunk while catching up over high school and reminiscing about everything. She prompted me to message this guy. I did and he responded right away asking where the hell did I remember him. Long story short we start chatting again and we now live in different countries so he's asking me when I'm going back. I told him and he messaged me the day I got there.

We arranged to go for a date and I have never felt so nervous in my life. I wanted to throw up beforehand it was so bad. I would finally go out on a date with the guy I'd spend so much time on in my high school years. He was a profound part of my life at the time (as silly as it sounds) and now we're here. I don't know how I pulled through but I showed up. He was great. Conversation was effortless. We hit it off right away. I caught myself being so confident and charming and just everything I never thought I was - he was clearly infatuated with me from the get go too. A lot of compliments, a lot of touching, we scrapped the small talk and started talking about "deep" topics right away and towards the end he was like "The way you talk about things freaks me out because it sounds exactly like me". I had no idea that on top of him finding me interesting and beautiful, we also both felt like we had so many things in common. It was a surreal moment. I never knew much about this guy - he was like a celebrity to me, someone you don't know much about but you freak out over them regardless. Him telling me so many wonderful things and sounding like a great guy is something that I would love for every single one of you to experience. I couldn't believe this was happening to me. What comes around...

We kissed throughout the night and it was amazing.  Everything was what the 15-year-old me was dreaming of and more. We are now seeing each other soon because he's going to come over to my country soon. I know this isn't going anywhere, we are thousands of miles apart and it's virtually impossible to sustain anything like this but the dream came true and it was incredible to see that sometimes ridiculous Hollywood scripts do come true. 

My advice to all of you if you are on a similar boat with someone is go for it. There is nothing to lose and the universe might already be plotting in your favour (also your friends!). Dating can be such a wonderful experience if you find the right person at the right time and who knows where the night will take you.

Be a dreamer, be bold and take risks.