My selfish, abusive mother disowned me while dealing with kidney failure that she caused. Let me explain... (Incredibly long, but I need help so bad...)
Part 1: The Setup


My mother has never been good to me. She has always adored my twin sister, to the point that, when my sister smashed me in the head with a rock when I was nine, I awoke to see my mom comforting my crying sister. Because she was the victim.

If I got into every detail, I'd be here all week, and no one wants to read that. But mom would lose patience with me and after age eleven refused to discipline me. She would tell my dad lies about what I had "done". He handled my discipline; at age nine I called him "Igor" in my diary - the willing servant. The most damaging entry has to be when she accused me of groping my pubescent sister.

I was the Stoop Kid from Hey Arnold! I wasn't allowed to leave my yard, and kids used to ride by my house and laugh at me. As a teenager with a girlfriend, she got worse. Her controlling behavior became so bad that she often accused me of things I could prove I didn't do, but it didn't matter: mom's word was gospel.

I was required to stay home four nights a week, and I had a "dating rulesheet" I had to adhere to that specified holding hands as "the same as sex". She had a weird love of popping zits and blackheads, and one day she wanted to get a tender one residing along my spine. She climbed on my back and used her weight to force me on the bed when I wasn't expecting it, and I pulled a muscle in my back. Once face-down on the bed, I rolled out from under her, and she screamed at me for "hitting" her. Dad hit me for "hitting" her.

So many stories, so little space...

But dad was also my hero. He defended me from mom when he could, but he could never understand that she was doing 97% of her abuse when he wasn't there. I told him that she was lying about the things she said I "did", but mom's word was gospel.

When I lost my virginity at sixteen, she locked herself in the room and went through a "grieving period", because that's normal, right? She chased me to my room one night, and I told her to get out; I was rewarded with a palm to the ear, which ruptured my left ear drum.

Oh, but that's not all:
 
- I was hit in the kneecap by a toy thrown by my dad, and left with a deep bruise which encircled the entire joint. During marching season.

- I was punched in the throat for hanging out with a friend who wouldn't date my sister.

- My 85 lb body was pinned against the wall by my 220 lb dad, who called me a pussy and dared me to hit him. My mom crossed her arms and smiled, having accused me of putting a virus on her computer.

But again, not enough time or space.

Dad always came back and apologized for what he'd done; mom has never apologized for a thing in her life and meant it. And in my brainwashed mind, I thought I deserved this treatment. I thought an apology would absolve the problem, and I was convinced that an apology meant it would stop. So mom's a sick, conniving bitch, and dad is an angry, gullible bear of a man.

Around age sixteen, at 135 pounds, I finally pushed back. Literally. I locked arms with dad, and held my ground. His face went from red to pale, I shoved, and dad later said, while apologizing, that I was getting too big to tangle with. I was no longer intimidated.

But dad was also my best friend. I could tell him anything. He'd lock my secrets up like the Fort Knox of filing cabinets. We crossed the country by highway together. I think that's what I miss the most. If mom weren't in the picture, things with us would be okay. He'd have never done those things to me. But if mom's the president and dad's the army, then he is still bound to use judgment in deciding the execution of orders. And he fucked up. A lot.


Part 2: The Sickening

When I was eighteen, I was diagnosed with Crohn's disease. Mom decided soon after that she would find the cure. She spent thousands on internet cures, and I tried them to be a good sport. More often than not, I got much more sick than without them, and I stopped taking them. I tried one method for eight months, losing weight and energy the whole time, and after stopping I got the phrase that I was so used to by now: "If only you'd done it longer, it would have worked. You always 'poo-poo' (dismiss) all my ideas. I've wasted thousands..."

But like a good (brainwashed) sport, I kept trying the homeopathic/alternative bullshit. I developed horrible arthritis - and a painkiller addiction - because of all of her "treatments". Then I moved off for my bachelor's degree.

What I left out until now is that I suspect mom of Munchausen's and Munchausen's by Proxy. If I got the hiccups, she got them twice as often. If I had diarrhea, she was also vomiting. My first girlfriend was in the hospital with leukemia, and mom hit the ER at least twice. I swear to God, if you said your dick was big she'd say hers was bigger. And none of it has ever been true.


Part 3: The Burning

I moved with my fiancee of eight years into an apartment near campus, 70 miles from home. I was taking a vitamin regimen my mom set up, and I was in both incredible pain and shedding weight. I skipped a lot of class. I would wake up, start bawling, lay my head in my fiancee's lap and cry until she had to go to work. So I'd sleep eight hours until she got home. Something was wrong, but I didn't know what. I moved from six 10 mg lortab a day to Fentanyl patches, then to four 10 mg percocets a day. Then I began taking probiotics, at mom's suggestion.

In January, I stayed with my parents for a weekend before a spinal surgery to finally fix my pain. The night before, mom told me about the new extra strength probiotics she'd bought, and told me to take two of them. I did.

The next morning, I was standing in the bathroom when the pain hit. I hit the floor and started vomiting. At the ER, I was abused by a nurse who grabbed my face, called me a wimp for crying and bellowing once, and informed the doctor that I was drug-seeking. I went to CAT scan, which revealed the pancreatitis that was about to kill me.


Part 4: The Failure

I spent a week in ICU, during which time my kidneys failed. I was in a virtual state of lucid coma. The Versed kept me awake, yet incapable of forming memories. It also made me extremely suggestible. During this time, mom made arrangements to move me back home, coerced me into denouncing my fiancee (who was then confronted at my house with bullshit allegations), forged my signature and opened a credit card in my name (legitimately for me, but still...), and begin accusing me of faking my pain for drugs.

The cause of the kidney failure? The combination of supplements I was on had chemically burned and scarred my kidney cells. The pancreatitis? The probiotics the night before.


Part 5: The Nightmare Begins

Mom began a crusade against the drugs that were keeping my pain under control and keeping me sane during my two-month hospital stay. She cornered my doctors and nurses, who willingly violated HIPAA and listened to her bitch about my "addiction". She screamed at me every night. She threw a water bottle over my head and into the wall. She slammed my laptop on a table. My dad couldn't control her.

I was put on a special and very restrictive renal diet. I was only allowed food that the cafeteria would send me according to my diet, but mom somehow grew convinced that I was cheating on my diet. Going home after two months was bittersweet: I missed my dog, I missed my bed, but I knew the monster I was moving in with.

My dad put my clothes and all my essential things in my room as they were before I left for school. I opened a drawer and saw my neatly folded clothes, and I hit the floor. I wasn't going to make it without dad. He and my fiancee had a burden, but they'd never failed me. Not in a situation like this.

Mom made all my food. The dialysis left me with little energy, and when I wasn't sleeping, I was either eating, shitting, or seeing my gal. I went out every week or so with my friends for a long time. I just didn't have the energy, and I always left early to crash. I was doing everything I could to hold myself together.

But mom decided that I was "partying" all the time. She accused me of breaking my diet, even though my nutrient blood tests came back perfect without fail. She told me that I wasn't going to "hurt" myself in her house. I lost touch with myself; I lost hope. It fucked with my head. I thought I was doing something horrible to myself without realizing it. After all, dad and my sister were with mom on this one.

The screaming happened daily. My dad was free once again to jab, scream at, and intimidate me. They said it all. I wasn't doing enough work around the house. I was sleeping too much. I was eating all wrong. Tests proving otherwise didn't matter. She demanded that I ask permission to eat certain meals and snacks. When I told my mom that I was thinking of suicide, she made fun of me. When I told dad, he told me I needed help and walked off.

But I didn't need help COPING with the bullshit - I needed the bullshit to stop. A therapist can't do that.

I moved in with my grandparents and aunt, who took care of me, but doubted my claims. My mom then made an appointment I didn't request at the Mayo in Minnesota, without my permission, when I wasn't ready to go. She said she was going to pay for it, but it actually cost me $1700.

On the trip, dad said that the bullshit would stop. If it didn't, he said he'd have failed me.

Just a few days after going back home, dad started in on the bullshit himself. On top of that, I developed chronic pancreatitis. Strangely, mom diagnosed herself as having a precancerous pancreas. She also began claiming she had mold poisoning, several years after legit poisoning had been resolved. She began fearing the NSA, the FBI, the FAA, and started claiming that my family was being targeted by bioterrorists bent on population control. She was fucking insane.

I told her all of that was bullshit, and behind closed doors my dad and sister agreed with me. But to her face, they supported her nonsense. After dad jabbed me in the ribs hard enough to be bruised just an inch from my dialysis catheter, I left again. The other end of that catheter is in my heart.


Part 6: Disowned

After I left, mom began claiming that I was kicked out for "abusing" her. When asked how I abused her, she just said that I had told my dad to "control [his] woman." I'd admit it if that was true, and even if I had, that's nothing compared to the treatment I received.

She calls anyone who'll answer the phone (a dwindling roster of ladies) and tells them that I'm trying to kill myself by breaking my diet, as though she's seen me eat in the last two months, or as though I don't have a .45 in my truck.

Dad claims that his marriage to mom is paramount. He has taken her side on every occasion, although attempting to appear fair. Over beers, I told him of my suicide plan back when I tried to warn them. He was apologetic and remorseful for missing the signs, and we parted as friends again.

Now, my fiancee and I have decided to buy a house. We've never had anything of our own. I asked dad to go to the bank with me to walk me through the loan process and to look at a property. Dad walked out to the car already pissed. He started a fight with me and blamed me for not accepting that I won't get an apology and for not "burying the hatchet" with my mother.

He screamed at me, called me names, and criticized me for wanting a house instead of an apartment. He complained about his life and claimed that my kidney "issues" were better than what he has to "deal" with. I took it all, but quietly changed course to take him back home. He then said something that REALLY got me: he told me that I should stay under mom's thumb longer. 

I saw red. I punched my steering wheel repeatedly, almost sideswiped  a van, and screamed back. I told him that I only wanted what he had at 25: a home, a family, a job, etc. He claimed that he was "miserable" at 25, to which I replied: "Oh, and so I have to be as well?"

He then called me an idiot, and I let him have it. "DON'T CALL ME ANYMORE FUCKING NAMES!!! I HAVEN'T CALLED YOU ANYTHING, AND I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!!! AM I CLEAR?!!" He didn't answer, but he did bail out of my truck at 20 MPH. I learned shortly after that my mother had disowned me. Dad was pissed because she had threatened him for "aiding the enemy". Because her own son is the enemy.

So now my brainwashed father is threatening me on a regular basis, and my mom is phone-bombing everyone to tell lies about me. My sister is also pissed at my mom about their own conflict, but she can't rationalize that I'm going through the same thing with her. My own twin won't even look at me.


Tl;dr: I've lost my home, my family, my dog, and all my possessions. They were burned upon the altar of my mom's illness, and there may never be recompense for the horrid abuse I've endured.

EDIT: Errors