I wish I could believe we'll have a fairy tale ending
I met you again in a funny way. At the time I was working on me, opening up my sexuality, and becoming the fierce lioness I possess on the inside. It had been weeks since I had a kiss. I knew you would kiss me. I looked at you, sitting in my passenger seat and you questioned me. I just stared. You said later it was my eyes, and the intense look I can give when I want something. We kissed passionately. At the time I wanted to just throw you away when I was done, but of course, that's not how this tale goes. 

I challenged you. I dared you. You took every challenge like a stick on the ground and stepped over it. We talked shit, fell into each other's arms and had rough, passionate sex that I know one day I'll have with someone else. I tied you up. I force fed you myself, and you gulped it up with the vigor of only a man addicted. 

You cuddled. You kissed gently on my cheek. And I knew I was falling. 


For weeks we challenged what we knew was there. I KNOW you felt it too. You were scared of my passion. 

I kept trying to keep you away but it was like refusing a drug that was sitting on your bathroom counter. 

This final time I plunged the knife into my beating heart and ripped it out with my bare hands. My passion, when slighted, becomes vicious. It kills me to be without you, but it kills me more to be mean, and fall into the passion. My heart now resides in a box next to my window. The only warmth it gets is from the sunlight. Why should I try? I love myself, I do fantastically alone. I can care for myself. I will survive. That's one thing I'm great at. I have decided you are dead to me.

But deep down, I hope you'll realize this is a challenge for you. How much do you value me? How addicted are you to me?

If you're struggling, find me. Drive to me. You know our spots. If you want me, find a fairy tale ending. Take back what you said and plead with me. Because you're not as cold as you think you are. You're vulnerable. You miss me too. This is a challenge on your masculinity, be a FUCKING man and LEAP! Stop fearing the end. Stop fearing how you'll be when you're stuck. Because you know you'll fall into me and you'll be happy and content and you're scared of living life comfortably. You're scared of love. You're scared of trusting someone. 

Maybe I got you all wrong and you're a con artist. Truthfully you'll never see this. But If you want me, find me. Because I'm beautiful, smart, lovely, and amazing. Someone eventually will try to open my heart up again and it will be too late. 

Come and get me, you Poopsicle. Or accept I'm not willing to have you in my life. You can't eat your cake and have it too.