I'm feeling a repeat of what happened to me as a freshman.
When I was in college my first semester ever, I failed nearly every class.  It wasn't just that I didn't go, but I didn't put in any effort.  Of course, part of that was my raging ADD which at the time I wasn't medicated for, part of it was that I never had to try in high school and managed to get into the school I wanted to go to, and part of it was that I was depressed and didn't even really care enough to register with the disability resource center, or really even attend class most of the time.  My grades game out, I was almost dropped from the university, and my parents threatened to stop paying if I didn't get my shit together.  At the time, I was in a serious relationship with someone, and not wanting to lost that, I spurred myself into gear, got onto methylphenidate (which helped me tremendously) and started caring more about school.  Three semesters of all A's plus retakes of those classes I failed on has resulted in my current 3.25 GPA.

This semester, things are slightly different.  I'm no longer in that relationship, I'm more confident and not really depressed, I'm looking to transfer to a better school, and I've switched from sociology to pre-med.  I'm not medicated anymore - I missed a couple of appointments over the summer - and I'm feeling the heat from my lack of ability to sit and concentrate on studying, no matter how hard I try.  On the other hand, I've been more creative than I've ever been before, I write raps and have been putting out about five every single day, of a quality that I didn't think I'd ever be able to write.  I know that if I get back on the medication, that won't be happening, the medication sort of stymies my creative, big-picture side while reinforcing my logical, practical side.  So, I feel like part of me doesn't even *want* to be medicated anymore.  I know it's dumb, I've come this far and I have a good GPA, I only have a couple of years left and I **just started** rapping, but I feel like it's what I really want to do.  Practically, I know it will probably never happen, no matter my skill level.

That being said, I'm not even sure I'd be able to get back on the medication if I wanted to.  I live four hours away from my psychiatrist and our HMO doesn't cover anyone where I go to school.  I have classes 6 days a week, and the one on Saturday I can't miss even once without getting an automatic F.  I'm really hating not being able to go home every now and then, especially when it's for something that's really important, like this.

Meanwhile, I just took my first round of tests for the semester, and got an F in Spanish II, an F in College Algebra, a D in Biology, and an A in Urban Geography.  There's still time to make it all up and do better, but I don't know what to do.  I know this is all muddled and jumps around a lot, but I'm more looking to vent and wondering about general advice in my situation.