28 with a Master's degree but zero "real" job experience -- any advice for where I can finally get my feet wet?
After I got my Master's in International Studies, my first and last job was...making falafel at a falafel restaurant. Worked there for 5 months, quit, got married, dad died, fell into a 4 year depression, and while it took me a damn long time I'm finally healthy again and ready to find some fulfillment in pursuing a career!

So with that preface, I know I will be severely limited in my options because of my lacking resume. I've considered "embellishing" my resume because I have done some minor things to help with my uncle's business over the past four years. But I'm not sure how far I should go with that and it probably depends on where I end up applying.

Besides the resume issue (which concerns me the most), I'm also just not sure of what industry I want to get into. Some things I'm interested in are the travel industry, mental health care, human rights and social justice advocacy (sort of my focus in grad school), art, music, politics and international relations. But I'm also open to much more than that.

Lastly, I'm wondering if it would make any sense to get some more education before applying for jobs. Or would this be silly? The thing is, money is not a big problem for me (thanks to my wonderful wife) and I wouldn't really mind waiting another 1-2 years if it were in a field I'm passionate about. But I don't know if future employers would scoff at 3 degrees with no job experience save for helping my uncle's business once in a blue moon :P

Thanks for reading. I would be so grateful to hear any advice at all, even if it's just a few words!

Edit: Wow! I've never been on this sub before but you all are incredible! I'm going to try to respond to everyone when I have time tonight but for now, thank you for everything. I've already gotten dozens of suggestions I've never even considered before and it's so encouraging! Getting excited about my future again and it feels great.