What's the etiquette when you like your boss (not your job) but have a better offer in hand? I don't want to burn bridges, but at the same time, this offer is too good for me to decline?
To give some background context, I work as a project coordinator. I've had some issues at my current company, but I'm acknowledged as one of its top-performing employees. I have glowing performance reviews, and my interactions with management from my direct supervisor all the way to the COO have all been positive. No one has a bad word to say about me. I've made suggestions for significantly revamping some of the processes in our project management office, and by surprise, some have actually been implemented.

However, I've been unhappy for awhile-- while acknowledged as a high-performing employee, I'm paid the same as coworkers who have not received the same accolades. My job description has expanded tremendously, and I've received the same raises -- in both timing and amount -- as colleagues who do less than I do. I was told I won't be promoted to project manager (the next logical step), but project plans, etc. that I've developed are used as templates by more senior members of our PMO. I'm even responsible for training newly-hired project managers on our processes. As a result, I feel extremely disrespected by most of the office's management team. The workplace is also toxic. New employees rarely last more than three months.

On a whim, I answered a LinkedIn message from a recruiter, and to make a long story short, I now have an offer letter in hand from another company. It's a significant pay increase (more than I'd make at my current job if I was left their pay increase schedule). My job title doesn't change, but I'd also be working in an industry with better long-term growth potential and higher salaries overall. While I like the offer and prospect of going to work for this new company, I also have a really good relationship with my current boss. I'd feel bad for leaving him in a bind, but it doesn't make sense for me to stay if my current company doesn't attempt to show that they value me. I also know that if I give them a chance to match, I'm most likely first on the chopping block. Why be loyal to me if I'm not loyal to them?

What's the proper etiquette here? Should I have a candid conversation with my boss and be prepared to give two weeks if it doesn't go how I need it to go? Should I just give two weeks?