Preparing for Academic Advising Interview - Seeking Advice/Tips
I have made it to the 2nd round for a academic advising job at my beloved undergrad Alma mater. The position also includes support services relevant to educational opportunity programs, specifically for disadvantaged or at-risk students. I have a BS in Psychology, and a M.Ed. in Higher Education and Student Affairs. The minimum requirements for the position are a masters in the field, and experience working with disadvantaged, at-risk, or students enrolled in educational opportunity programs. Preferred is 3 yrs experience with this population. 

I just recently graduated, so my experience is limited to my assistantship, internship, and practicum experience, however I feel that I do have experience working with this population  because of the institution I worked at (high population of low SES, high need and use of free resources, etc.). My assistantship was in Student Activities (at a Small Private Institution; Orientation, Organizations, Greek Life), my practicum in Multicultural Affairs (at a large public institution; think Diversity Retreats and program planning), and my internship in Orientation (at a different large public institution). I also advised a Sorority while in grad school (at the private institution). 

My concern is that while I broadly advised every student organization (50) in my last role, and directly advised a sorority, ... well, I  don't have any "actual" advising experience, when it comes to 1 on 1 student advising, especially academically related.  I would love some insights from others who have been in a similar position before. I feel 100% confident that I am able to fulfill any position put in front of me, and I sought out higher ed to become an academic adviser (my grad program wouldn't let anyone without a Masters advise students so I wasn't able to get experience in that area). I'm not an overall confident person, and I know that interviews are my weakness, so I want to make sure I am as prepared as I can be to show my abilities/skills/experience at the interview.

What can I do to prepare? What books can I read to have an edge? How can I ensure they see me "fit" in the position?

This is honestly my dream job. Help me not screw it up?