A moment of your time please ❤️
Hello, Reddit

My name is Rob, and I have a life changing favor to ask. 

I have debated on making this post numerous times. However I always made an excuse to back out. I’m not sure if this is allowed here, and if it isn’t, I’m truly sorry, but this seems to be the place where I can speak directly with the kinds of people that this message is aimed at. 

This will be an extremely personal look into mental health, and the side effects of said illnesses, but this is the last shot I could come up with. Ok... with all that being said.... 

I have been medically diagnosed with multiple illnesses. Ranging from multiple personalities, to extreme anxiety, and depression. I had a physically, sexually, and mentally abused upbringing. Videogames have always been an escape for me. They used to help me out tremendously with my social disorders... I used to talk to strangers all around the world. I played Socom on PS2, Rainbow Six 3 on PC, and a ton of Xbox Live on the original Xbox.. mostly Pandora Tomorrow’s multiplayer. 

However... as years went on. I started to distance myself from any and all social happenings. Even if I had friends online I would always “go offline” to hide. On Xbox 360, Xbox One, or PS4 I always just put myself into a private party so I can’t hear anyone. 

After this went on for almost a decade... I finally decided it was time to end my life. I had done nothing for society, and I always ran from people even if they tried to help. However, this attempt would prove unsuccessful, as the belt around my neck broke before I had fully succumbed. 

I don’t have hardly any family left, or a single friend. I understand it’s my fault entirely. However... today, I’m wanting to make a positive change in my life for once. 

As someone who doesn’t get out and is scared to talk to people.. you can imagine how difficult it is to make friends. 

However, I started thinking, “the internet has millions of people... maybe this message would reach a person and we would start a meaningful friendship”.  That was my thought process behind this whole post anyway. 

Why post it here, you may ask? 

Well.... Videogames are *literally* the only thing I know. I have followed this industry my whole life. It’s the only thing I know how to talk about. So I figured... if I was to make a friend, what better place to look then on the internet ^.^

In closing: if there is a kind soul out there that would be willing to be patient and understanding with me and start slow (IE: text messaging, over voice at first) it would mean the absolute world to me. 

Thank you all so much for reading. 

❤️ you all 

-Rob