Discrepancy related to work recertification course?
I've been at my current workplace for 16 months, and there are several trainings we are required to complete an annual recertification course for (around every 12 months). My workplace consists of 2 different buildings with the same trainings administered by different staff (we'll call them Building A and Building B). When I initially started 16 months ago, I was assigned to split my time between both buildings, and completed all of my initial training at Building A; however, after 5.5 months, I was offered to work full-time at Building B, and have been there since the last 11 months. Overall, my workplace consists of frequently being short staffed due to mismanagement, miscommunication, inadequate trainings, low salary, burnout, etc. I have been searching for another job with a better work atmosphere, but haven't been successful in finding another job yet.

During one of my initial trainings, the training was supposed to taught for 3 full days, but ended up being taught for only 2 days due to a snow day happening that week, and subsequent time constraints at Building A. Despite the "shortened" training, I felt fairly well equipped with the presented knowledge, and passed. I was initially supposed to complete my recertification of this training 4 months ago, but due to the backlog of trainings and disorganization of my workplace, they decided to do my recertification just last week, after 4 months past the original "deadline". The recertification course is intended to be a 3-4 hour course summarizing all of the training from the initial 3 day course that's taken when you first start with the company.  I completed the recertification at Building B (since I now work there full-time), and have been noted to have several deficiencies, which has significantly caught me off guard, especially since the trainings are supposedly created to provide comparable information at both buildings. It is also noted that this training is not completed by my department supervisor; it is by another coordinator within the workplace.

The overall recertification training was only completed by 1 instructor at Building B (no other instructors agreed to show up to assist with the training, leading to mass confusion about recertification training expectations, improper abilities to fully teach material, etc. When I completed my initial training, it was done with 3 instructors present for additional feedback also, etc). I have never completed a recertification course before, and felt that the instructor heavily criticized me in front of the other trainees, and felt that the training was ultimately a very demeaning, humiliating, and discouraging experience for me, which I did not experience with any of my initial trainings at Building A. I also have not been noted to have any other deficiencies by my supervisor related to my job duties, etc.

Given that I completed all of my initial training at Building A, I am not sure if deficiencies are being noted because the trainings really aren't "standardized" like they should be between both buildings and I did not learn everything I initially should have, if it's because my shortened 2 day training really should've been a 3 day training when I initially took it 16 months ago, etc. None of my coworkers  or other colleagues have had a recertification or initial training experience like this. I spoke with my supervisor about this situation because I truly feel like a "failure", and she assured me that this is a result of errors and inadequacy by the training department that are beyond my control, and that is not my fault. My supervisor also mentioned that there seems to be ongoing issues of training consistency occurring between both buildings also. I am planning to meet with the instructor (with my supervisor present) to discuss my recertification training performance, as well as my previous training experiences, but am overall still feeling like a failure and really upset about this situation, even with 16 months of experience at my job.

Has anyone ever dealt with a situation like this, and has any advice they can share about this situation?