Horrible workplace/lab environment during COVID... is this treatment normal??? Help!!
Hello all,

I work in a psychology/neuroscience research lab (have been there for about 3 years right now, 2 years full time 1 as an UG). I want to get my PhD in clinical psychology, planning on applying for it this cylce.

I fully understand what I have signed up for in this position- long hours, tough days, hard work, being at my PIs beck and call, etc. I don't have a problem with any of that, my team and I are dedicated to what we do and advancing our careers. However, since the COVID crisis has begun, the environment has changed in a dangerous way.

My lab is human research on cannabis, and because of the legal restrictions we have a pretty innovative research design that involves us running participants in a van. The nature of the study is running a baseline appointment at our office and then driving the van up to 50-90 minutes away to run the participant at their house so they can use the product. This appointment is a total of 3-4 hours in the van with 3 of us in very close quarters- two RAs and the participant. 

Naturally, running human subjects during this time causes a lot of anxiety. We are worried about our own safety and the safety of our participants. Our study presents a unique challenge/risk because of the design- if you are in a small enclosed enviroment with no windows with two other people for 3 hours and one of you is sick, all three of you will be sick by the end. Not to mention we are doing 3 seperate blood draws in the van, so even closer proximity/working with biohazardous materials. 

In March when this all first started, my PIs did not understand why we would be concerned about running appointments. They told us that we had nothing to worry about because we are young and would "probably get it anyways". My coworkers and I finally took a stand and they agreed to back down temporarily- luckily, the University closed operations that same day and all employees were sent to work from home.

During this work from home period, communication has been horrible (it's never great, but particulalry horrible during this period). Our bosses have made many comments downplaying the severity of this crisis/making us feel hysteric for being concerned (Note: our bosses have never once run a van appointment, it is a team of 3 of us for my projects that run everyone. A typical week they want to see is us in the van daily, running 1-2 van appts a day). These incidents are just the tip of the iceberg but overall we have been given no reason to believe that they are looking out for our best interests/health. 

A few days ago, we found that they want to send us back to work, as early as May 4th. It is unclear what this means but from their vague statements to us it seems like they want us to begin running participants ASAP- in the van as well. We don't know what kind of PPE we will be recieving, or what kind of protections will be in place. There will be no way to confirm if any of us or if any of our participants have the virus because we do not have the testing capactity. We are located in Colorado, where cases and deaths are still rising daily and we are nowhere near the testing capacity we need to be (testing has actually plateaud for the past month). Our governor (for some fucking reason) is easing social distancing restrictions/beginning to partially open the economy on Monday the 27th (even though he has acknowledged this is against public health reccommendations, we will probably see a spike in 3 weeks, and might have to go back to shleter in place). It seems like our bosses are running with this and trying to re-open operations despite the science saying we should move very very slowly. 

So far no one has asked us how we feel about this- we are hearing these plans from various sources, and being left in the dark. The people in charge of our "safety" plan are ones who don't run appointments/interact with participants. The risks of human research in this time seem high, but even higher for our study protocols. My coworkers and I are terrified it will get to a point of having to lose our jobs because we do not feel safe performing them. I feel like I am facing a choice between endangering my health or potentially derailing my career. I/my co-workers have put up with a lot of bullshit at this job and worked our asses off to get where we are, but we are not willing to risk our lives/well being just to collect 3 more data points??

Sorry this is so long but... my question really is- **is this normal????** If you work in a lab, how is your lab handling COVID? Is anyone else experiencing anything like this in their lab?? Is this treatment of employees normal/ok in anyway? 

**TLDR: I work with human participants in a close proximity w/ biohazardous materials and our bosses are trying to send us back on May 4th and have not listened to any of our concerns throughout this entire crisis.**