[M15] Everything about life just kinda seems to suck. I'm almost confident but really I'm insecure that I'm just too sensitive and that I shouldn't make a big deal about what my life has been. Am I?
When I was younger, I used to be very outgoing, but not very liked. I never had a lot of friends that I considered close. I went to elementary and middle school with very small group of kids (like 30 in the entire grade) and everyone knew each other very well. I never really established myself socially until middle school, and even then, I feel like most people just talked to me because they tolerated me compared to how annoying I was as a kid. A lot of those people were sereously toxic to me, and by last year (grade 9), I lost everyone that I could actually trust and tell my problems to, and I was around a lot of fake people that took advantage of me, and I kept everything in and I just grew angry at everything. I made a lot of mistakes and got taken advantage of really hard over a few years by a girl I thought I loved. Over the summer, I gained a lot of anger issues at home, and I got a really shitty outlook towards life. When high school began, I went to a high school that most of my other classmates didn't go to. For a while things got better, and I thought that my life would be diffirent. But over time I realized that I'm too reserved (socializing mentally drains me a lot, and I'm a very cringey / nerdy person when I'm really being myself) and I feel like none of the new people in my life are really my friends. I feel like when shit goes downhill, these people would leave me out to dry. All of my old classmates that I hear about are always doing better than me (popular, in a relationship, lots of friends, parties, genuinely happy, active social life) and it makes me feel really shitty. I promised myself that I would be way better off, and I am, but compared to everyone that I've been around most of my life, I seem like a complete loser. I blend in socially, and I have groups of friends that I can talk with and stuff, but I'm very smart (as in I get good grades with little effort), and that makes me stand out and come off as nerdy. I'm also p ugly and socially awkward, and it seems like everyone always likes me for my humor and awkwardness but doesn't appreciate me past that for who I am as a person, or the way I am. I defenitely have a social life outside of school, but it feels forced. I'm always the one making plans with others, and it's mostly the same people because In afraid to try to be better friends with others because I'm worried they'll bail on my plans, become fake friends, or worse like people in middle school would do to me. There's so many new attractive girls, and I feel like I'm too ugly and irrelevant to have a chance with any of them. I constantly feel under pressure to be succeeding more than these people that I used to know, or I'll be the same person I used to be. I feel like everyone else is out there having the time of their lives, and I'm just apart from them, being at home or being anti social. I'm not completely shy, and can be very confident and outgoing at times, but In not taken seriously in the way I want to be. I defenitely talk to people, and can tell that some genuinely like me, but I feel like it's the fake type like that people do to the advantage of you. I can't let go of the natural hate of people that I developed over the years, and I think it's really holding me back, along with stuff like social anxiety from being a better person.

I know this post had been a complete rollercoaster, and maybe it was mostly so I could rant everything out, because I don't trust anyone else enough to tell them what I just wrote. Whatever the case might be, I feel like I've been going through some tough times recently, and I'm not sure what to do. Any advice?