Fight or Resign? Really need some advice.
Hey guys, Sorry in advance for any rambles, bad grammar, spelling ect ect. I will try and keep this as short as possible. I work within the Civil service UK if that make any difference.

I suffer with anxiety and depression and my job does not make the situation better. Not so much the job but more the people. There was an incident on the phone where others complained about the way i had said something to a customer. This was not true. We finished the call and the customer did not call back at all.  I was taken into a room by a manager and spoken to about this. Not my manager a different manager, at that point in time, there were NO managers on the floor. He had asked me what was said so i explained what i said to the customer. He had advised that others in the office had complained about me and that i was aggressive and rude ( i certainly wasnt). Baring in mind, we work in an open office and there was no one around me during this call. He asked if i was okay, apparently he was making sure i was okay. No im sorry.I walked out of the meeting as i felt as though he was only asking me to cover his ass and people were gossiping as per usual.

&#x200B;

After this incident i was sick with anxiety, i was fuming and was winding myself up. Another who sits behind me (she was not there during the call) was asking me about what happened. This is not the first time something like this has happened and my frustration built and built and i started crying and I said I needed to leave. I said 'Everyone is a bunch of backstabbing cunts'. Then left the office.

I can 100% take responsibility of this. I was angry, frustrated and unsupported. It was absolutely stupid and I told my manager that i needed to leave. When i got home I had a panic attack and was shaking with emotion. The next day I couldn't bring myself to go to work to i went to the doctor for advise and he signed me off with anxiety and depression for 2 weeks.

Yesterday was my first day back. My back to work meeting was left till the last hour all day so I was concerned all day. Apparently my last absence, which was also anxiety and depression (not doctors note as i was in the 5 day self certified absence) was my final written warning  which means that they will take this instance to pannel. I have no occupational health review right now but i was planning on calling them today.

AS WELL AS THIS. more than one person complained that i personally called them cunts in the office. So i 100% should not have said something like that out loud but due to my frustrated and upset state it just came out. In no way was it personal to anyone and the manager around me will say it wasn't personal. But more than one person complained. So this is also going to a misconduct meeting. I have no notes on my record about this but im a blunt person, i dont beat around the bush. Im not passive aggressive like people in the office i just say it how it is and people do not like it.

I am absolutely sick to my body about this whole situation, yesterday i couldn't stop crying like what the absolute hell is wrong with people. My manager has given me the option to resign immediately without having to go through all of this. I was going to hand my 4 week notice in next week as im moving to another side of the country. But i need the money. Obviously there is no way anyone could tell me what to do, but i dont think mentally i could handle all these meetings, and having to go to work everyday around these insects unless i thought i had a great chance. I have a couple of people in work who will 100% support me if i do.

&#x200B;

I am going to call an employee helpline this morning and occupational health, but apart from that i need to decide if i should resign or not. Everyone I have spoke to have advised me to fight it. A couple of people have said to go off sick for 4 weeks and then resign? Im not at a loss of what to do. 

I know its early, but i would appreciate any advise! Thanks x

&#x200B;