Feel like I won't ever find someone. I don't know what to do anymore.
I don't know what to do anymore. I've been single my entire life and at 25 years old I am starting to become afraid, afraid at the very possibility that I'll be alone forever and never find anyone. Everyone always says to be positive, focus on yourself, it'll happen when it happens, but I'm starting to believe thats just something people say to make you feel better so you don't lose hope.

I remember seeing a therapist when I was 20 and about to enter my junior year of college and we talked a lot about this. He told me "It'll happen when its meant to happen." 5 years later and it still hasn't happened. Not for lack of trying either, I hang out with friends, go out whenever I'm invited somewhere, been on every dating site/app for the past 5 years, joined sports clubs to meet new people, and it still hasn't gotten me anywhere. Now I'm just at a loss on what to do and I'm staring to worry, like really worry.

I've gotten some dates the past two years from online dating, but almost all of them ended after the first date and It takes months of swiping, liking, and messaging girls to even get the slightest prospect of a date. The most recent girl I went out with that I met online, we dated for a month and I thought I was finally gonna get laid, I was almost positive I would. But she had just gotten out of a relationship and wasn't ready to have sex yet, and I respected that so we held off. A few weeks later she ended things. That was almost 2 months ago and I haven't had any prospects since. 

Every person I know who has or had a girlfriend (Which at my age, is pretty much everybody) has met their girl at school, work, or through friends. None of these have worked for me. I'm no longer in school, I don't work with any girls at my job, and my friends don't introduce me to any girls. After college I joined a bunch of coed sports leagues hoping to meet some people, maybe a girl, but nothing has really happened with that. I'm starting to look at other options like volunteering or joining a class, but I feel the odds of actually meeting a girl there who is single, my age, and we're both attracted to each other is incredibly slim. I also don't want to join something for the wrong reasons. 

I try to look at the bright side of it all everyday, but it is just so hard sometimes. I know I have to do something different, but I don't want to cold approach strangers or join a group I have no interest in. Like, just last night I wanted to go out in the city with my friends and maybe talk to some girls, but none of them wanted to do anything but sit inside, play video games, drink and smoke weed, so I had to just stay in with them. So that is just another lost opportunity lost. Pretty soon the work week will start again and unless I want to bother people at the grocery store or gym I won't be meeting any girls. 

Sorry for the long post, I've had a lot on my mind and just needed to get it out. If anyone has had a similar problem and got out of it I would love to hear how you did it. And I'm still currently seeing a therapist (A different one), as well as meditating and trying to be mindful of my thoughts whenever I start to think negative. Thanks.