Reddit, I need help.
I haven’t posted here before, but I will, because I really need advice. Sorry for formatting, on mobile.
I am just barely on the spectrum.
Backstory: I’ve written about my mother before. She’s always so calm and fun, but the moment something small goes wrong she’s in a mood. I don’t know if I’m too close to see it or something, but some people have told me she’s gone way too far and not the best parent. 

I’m now in a Brain Balance program, started two weeks ago to help me. I have focus and listening problems, and can never actually think about the choices I make. I’ve gotten better, but this is a three month program that’s barely started. The gist of it is at home I have a set of exercises to do every day, and I do them even though it makes no sense to me. 

Here’s what led up to this problem- last night, in one of my not-thought out responses, I decided I didn’t want to do two out of seven chores. So I just didn’t. And who tells their parent “hey I don’t wanna do this so I’m just gonna walk away” no, everyone covers their tracks. Apparently because I didn’t fold sheets and do the dishes, mother was tipped over the edge.

She woke me up roughly this morning, and yelled at me that I’m doing everything right in front of her for now on, including moving my working station to right next to hers (she works from home and I’m homeschooled now). I could never work well while others were watching me in school, and now she wants to glare at my computer screen all day and judge each step I take to complete my work.

I can’t post pictures on mobile as far as I can see, but these texts happened this morning.

Me: I don’t mean to be rude, but I earned the ability to work in my room and chose to save it. Why am I being forced to work right next to you, just because I decided I didn’t want to do some chores? You know I’m bad at making decisions and thinking things through, that’s why I’m in a class. I’m trying to fix things but 6 days of brain balance won’t fix everything.

Her: We can discuss this in person.

Me: I’d rather do it over text, you know how bad I am at communicating my thoughts in person...

Her: Improving your in-person communicating skills is part of the goal.



I don’t post often to reddit at all, but I really need help here. What should I do?

Edit: we had a “talk”. She had her voice raised the whole time about how I had 5 ———— days to do work last week (It’s the same every week, why is last week special?) and how the chores just broke the camel’s back. Every time I asked for one day to make things up or actually spoke up (being in the spectrum, I have a really hard time saying what I want to), she would full on yell at me. She ended with “go cry into a pillow or whatever but this is how it’s gonna work. It’s called tough love... nevermind, not going to go there, it’s just offensive and will make you ugly cry more.”

I’m actually considering going for a walk with my phone tracker off for an hour or two. What should I do?