I [Rant] I want to be completely candid about something I’ve been hesitant to admit to myself
Edit: Thank you all for commiserating with me, sending me words of encouragement, and just generally engaging in this discussion. I wrote this last night during a mini anxiety attack so my post probably came off as disorganized, whiny, entitled, and perhaps defensive. As I responded to someone below, the whole point of this was to say that I ultimately want to have a career where my work is financially valued more than it is in academia. I want my life to be about passion, and science is something I am truly passionate about. However, I am also of the opinion that at the end of the day a job is a job is a job and we should all demand to be compensated appropriately for our level of education, skill, and experience. 

.


Complete stream of consciousness below and seriously not even worth reading:

.



I love being an academic scientist in the sense that I enjoy doing the research, the hours of reading/learning that goes into it, the discussion, and generally the *idea* of being an academic. But I hate doing the fucking work. I hate it. I don’t want to do it anymore. I hate having to write, the deadlines, having to come home after a full workday and continue working on my couch at 8pm like I’m doing right now editing my prelim exam. I am just not a person who believes that your work should permeate every aspect of your life. I want the work-life balance and I want to get paid well for the work that I do. My (now ex) partner started a job as an assistant professor at a small liberal arts college last May after graduating for $50k a year. Like, wtf. I was earning that much as a research coordinator with a BA before I started my PhD. 

What I want is to work my 40-50 hours, and then go home for the weekend, smoke a bowl, and live my life without having work on my mind all the time. But most of all, I want to get paid more than what I would get paid as a professor. I can’t wait to finish my PhD in two years and dip the fuck out into government or private sector. The idea of having to put so much fucking effort into my career makes me want to vomit. 

I understand this may ruffle some feathers in a sub where a majority of its subscribers are hardworking individuals and high achievers who will probably end up in academia. But I’m done with it and I feel so liberated saying this.