Anyone else have "functioning" panic attacks where you feel awful, but can otherwise appear totally fine to others?
Apologies in advance for the long post. This is something I've been struggling with for a while, so I'm hoping that by sharing my experience, maybe I can finally legitimize what I've been going through. 

I have been having what I now know to be panic attacks since I was very young. Over the past few years, they have been getting worse and more frequent, and most often crop up when I'm out of the house (especially when I'm at work.) For a long time, I actually wasn't sure that they *were* panic attacks, because my doctors/therapists always described something very different from what I experienced.

Contrary to what I was told by my doctors, I often find that I can function (or at least appear to) perfectly well during a panic attack. My heart is racing, my hands are shaking, my chest feels tight, I feel like my knees will give out with every step I take... and yet I can take a phone call at my desk and sound totally calm and professional. I can greet clients and smile and make small talk, and no one around me can tell that something's wrong. (It's almost like I do these things on autopilot, because later, I find that I usually can't remember much of what happened or what was said.) Afterward, when I don't have to put on my "brave face" anymore, I feel physically and emotionally exhausted; the shaking and chills take a long time to subside, and I sometimes cry uncontrollably at trivial things. 

I suppose I should add that a lot of my anxiety rests in not wanting people to be mad at me, or not wanting to let people down. Even when I'm feeling really anxious or depressed, I have trouble asking for the time/space I need to take care of myself because I don't want to upset anyone or make them think I'm incompetent. So, I guess it makes sense that even when a panic attack comes on, I still feel compelled to push those feelings down and force myself to appear "normal."

I am pretty wary of speaking to doctors/therapists about these types of attacks, because on more than one occasion, I have been told that I'm totally wrong and they absolutely **cannot** be panic attacks, because if they were, I'd be hyperventilating and I wouldn't be able to control them so well. I feel like they think I'm just being overdramatic and looking for attention. Sometimes it really gets to me, and I start to worry that maybe I *am* just being dramatic and I don't "deserve" to call them that because there's nothing wrong with me. It's to the point where even if I'm with someone I trust (i.e. my husband or my mom) I usually don't tell them if an attack comes on because I feel like if I did, they wouldn't believe me; from the outside, I'd appear to be perfectly fine. 

Has anyone else ever experienced anything like this? I feel really alone, so I came to you, people of Reddit, hoping that you can help me find some closure.


EDIT:

Thank you all for your support, advice, and kind words. When I posted this I never imagined it would get this much attention. It’s so wonderfully comforting to know that I’m not the only one going through this.