I dropped the "F" word in a meeting a few months ago.. I apologized already but my coworker is still being passive aggressive about it towards me... How can I fix this?
I held a 15 minute design presentation to two Product owners a few months ago, it was to explain how a new design will affect the way that their teams will be working. During the presentation I kept on getting interrupted - as I only had 15 mins of their time, i felt frustrated and might have unconsciously been thinking negatively so i accidentally added an "f" word in one of my example scenarios while I was explaining. I have since apologised especially when one of the PO brought it up during one of our lunch gatherings - I understood that its unprofessional.

It had been months since the incident happened but the same PO who was in the meeting is still acting very passive aggressive towards me. For example, today she attempted to embarrass me in front of everyone during our remote meetings by asking if I'm working inside a toilet.. after that, we had a group picture on ZOOM and someone decided to use Donald Trump as their profile picture, since I was the one who took a screenshot of the group picture she accused me of adding in Donald Trump after sharing it to the group.. and she broadcasted it to everyone in our group chat.

To my defence, I am not the only one who curses in the meetings but it seems that she's just targeting me, what should I do? and please don't lecture me how wrong it was to curse, I've beaten myself too much about it already.  


EDIT: Hi guys, I was not expecting the pouring of support from everyone. I thought that I'll get the opposite response that's why I was defensive in the last paragraph. The situation is hard, but it's giving me some peace of mind to know that maybe she's acting that way because she has an issue too. I've been trying to watch some youtube videos on how to be quick on your feet to respond when someone is trying to attack your character. If you guys know any good videos I'd appreciate it if you can please share them in the comments below -- and maybe a tutorial also on how not to care too much if this happens again, it's really draining mentally and emotionally!