There was a Double Murder/Suicide in My Family Last Night. TRIGGER WARNING.
⚠️ Trigger Warning ⚠️ 
Murder, Suicide, Gun violence, child involved, cheating, news making a mockery of tragedy.
Names are all fake.

I (25F) have two younger brothers. We (me, Mike (23M), and Max (17M) all have different fathers. We’ve never lived with Mike’s dad, but he’s been a father figure to us throughout our lives.

Now comes the awfulness.

Last night one of my father figures, did a terrible thing. He shot and murdered two people, and then he turned the gun on himself.

So basically....my little brother Mike’s dad and my father figure shot and murdered his girlfriend for cheating and pushing him to the brink, then chased her brother out of the house and shot and murdered him for trying to get in the middle of it; and then Dan shot himself in the head and killed himself. He murdered two people and committed suicide.

- - - - - 

“Dan” was a good person. He was a great biological father to my middle brother “Mike”, his other 3 children, and a father figure to me as Mike’s older sister. I was a 10 month old baby when Dan met my mom. A little over a year later, my little brother Mike (age 23) came along. Dan (60s) and my mom (40s) didn’t stay together, but he was always good to us throughout our lives.

And then this.

Dan had a long-term girlfriend, “Rachel”. Dan recently found out that Rachel has been cheating on him for a period of time, and last night he hit his absolute breaking point. Dan wanted Rachel out of his house, and she refused to go. Apparently she paraded around in front of him, wearing the sweater of the man she’s with on the side; basically flaunting the cheating and telling Dan that he’s becoming an old man, that she can do better, have any guy she wants, but due to current circumstances he has to let her stay and support her. She’s telling him all of this, meanwhile my father figure is trying to keep his temper. He tells her to get the hell out of the house. He tells her that he’s had enough. We can tell he’s losing control at this point.

That’s when Dan’s older son Bill (age 26 and Mike’s biological big brother) gets in the middle. Bill tries to settle his father down, and get Rachel to shut up because everyone can tell Dan is at his boiling point. They don’t. At this point, Bill says he has had enough and is going to take his girlfriend and his 3 year old son “Eli” and move out and leave the house, because they can’t stand the fighting. Because they need to support Eli, Bill and Megan were going to move out anyway. Bill hoped that this would snap them to their senses; but Dan tells him to go. Bill leaves.

That’s when things got worse. 

Rachel keeps screaming and taunting Dan. The others are scared and frozen. Dan pushes Rachel into the wall, and starts hurting her. Megan calls Rachel’s brother because Dan is getting violent and everyone is terrified but scared to get in the way. Rachel’s hitting Dan and scratching at him; screaming she doesn’t love him and he has no right to touch her, that she has every right to be here as Dan is grabbing at her, shoving her into the wall and towards the door. Megan calls Rachel’s brother for help, because the situation is deteriorating and we are all afraid Dan will really hurt her because he’s much bigger.

Rachel’s brother gets there instantly from a few doors down. The brother gets in the middle, taking Rachel’s side, defending her actions. It doesn’t help. Dan leaves the room fuming....we’d never seen him so angry.....and comes back with a shotgun loaded. 

The first shot goes off, and hits Rachel in the stomach. She collapsed with blood everywhere, Megan grabs baby Eli and runs upstairs; and Rachel’s brother runs for the door. He makes it out of the house and partway down the drive, into his van, before Dan shoots him in the chest and he dies instantly. Then....then Dan comes back into the living room. He levels the shotgun at himself.... and then shoots himself in the head.

Meanwhile, Megan has barricaded herself upstairs with the baby and calls Bill (the older son, and her boyfriend), and 911. The police run in and Bill gets there right about the same time; running inside to get his girlfriend and son. He’d only been gone for like 5 minutes. 

Just 5 minutes.

The police run in, and check on everyone. Rachel is still alive; so a Lifeflight is called in for her. We heard she died en route to the hospital in the helicopter. 

So basically....my little brother Mike’s dad and my father figure shot and murdered his girlfriend for cheating and pushing him to the brink, then chased her brother out of the house and shot and murdered him for trying to get in the middle of it; and then Dan shot himself in the head and killed himself. He murdered two people and committed suicide.

My little brother is an absolute mess. The news vans and newspapers are making a mockery of what happened, swarming like vultures wanting to use our tragedy for entertainment. Horrible sick people. Someone said something about publishing this in the paper, and one of the family members nearly got arrested for punching the guy. Everyone is hysterical. 

The police have already ruled it a Murder/Suicide. 

My little brother Mike is a mess, my mom is a mess, and I’m trying so hard to be strong. Mike can’t understand why his father would do that. Why he’d shoot two people and then turn the gun on himself....taking the cowards way out. The suicide was so brutal that the police would not allow the family to identify the body. 

Luckily, Mike’s older brother Bill, the girlfriend Megan, and little Eli is okay. But we are all damaged. How will anything ever be okay again? 

This is SENSELESS.

I’ve been awake all night at my moms comforting my brother and being with family. Now I’m collapsed at my fiancé’s, just taking it all in while he holds me tight. I’ve already put an email in to my therapist. Sorry about the crappy writing, and if this is difficult to understand; it’s a complicated situation and I’m barely functioning.


- - - - - -

EDIT: The news story is out and apparently Rachel survived. She coded and died en route to the hospital, but apparently they eventually got her back. She’s alive, but in critical condition.