I meet a girl who is a complete geek on all things geeky 5 months ago, and it's going so well. It makes it all much more easier for dating.
I'm a 23 year old Black male, and she's 24 year old Colombian woman.

It's going so well, and the energy hasn't died down at all since we started to date. I always had a hard time getting a girlfriend, and got rejected a whole bunch of times. Even when I did had one, they all ended even when I tried my best to save it.

But this girl is different. I was just going through GameStop, and I was geeking out over a pokeball popcorn machine. She was actually just about to leave till she saw how excited I was. I didn't cause a disturbance, I was just really excited that it's in store finally. She approached me first, and talk about Pokemon. She even brought her 3ds, and we traded Pokemon. It was awesome that happened because soon after she wanted to hangout with me at a pizza place.

We did went to the pizza place(Stevie B's pizza), and had a awesome time getting to know each other a little bit more. It wasn't until we left she texted me she would like to go on a date. I was flabbergasted about it, but I was nonetheless excited. On the day we went on the date, everything changed. I was shy, so I tried to start small talk. I wasn't good, but I did my best. But it wasn't till she asked me my favorite superhero that we enjoyed each other company. I said Superman, and she said which one. I said Kingdom come, and she said red son Superman. After that, we talked about many geeky stuff so long we realized a hour passed because we were having a good time enjoying each other company.

Fast forward to now; We cook foods from cartoons, anime, and video games. We talk about geeky stuff up to 8 hour's sometimes. We even went on a date to a planetarium, zoo, and astronaut museum. For the first, I'm not awkward to a girl who enjoys my company. Rather she adores my company because she's able to be super geeky around me. We're open to each, we play fighting games together, we watch cartoon/anime movies together. It's so awesome and relieving to meet a lady that's as geeky as this.

My tip to all the shy geeky guy's. If you find a super geeky lady where she can geek out with you, and enjoy your company, you can definitely make a relationship work if you be yourself. This is so awesome, and I'm so happy.