I feel like some fucked up NPC in a game where everyone else seems to be main characters. Like I've been programmed to suffer perpetually and eventually kill myself.
alt account because people I know, know my main account username.

hello reddit.
I would really like to die, because it seems like the optimist in me is completely dead. And that's a good thing, because I can't count the number of times I've planned on killing myself, only to have a tiny voice in my head go "Just wait a little bit longer. You'll be happy someday". I would like to kill myself, because yes, I'm a fucking pussy, and living my life despite it making any sense to do so, has gotten exhausting. I try sleeping when it feels like my head's about to blow up from the emotional stress. Let's be honest, it's only a short term solution to a long term problem. Before I ask you guys what I want to ask, let me try talking a little bit maybe. There's a tiny fucking bit of the optimist who needs to shut the fuck up.

I've been working on my dreams of making comic book stories for a little over a year now, while also working a full time job. It's been rough, and what sucks is just the country I live in, which I'm convinced has to be the worst fucking country ever. It's India. Everyone here is a giant piece of shit. Everything is conservative and rooted in tradition, and it's been hard to try to exist. Doesn't help that your country has a shit reputation online either, cuz no one wants to fucking be friends with you. What makes me empty inside, is the daily dose of demotivation I get from coworkers from my full time job (I don't have friends to depend on). It's been hell trying to manufacture my own happiness. I don't think I can properly articulate how doomed things feel sometimes

The worst days are when you're hurting and there's no one to talk to (which happens every-time I'm suicidal). When you believe the shit they tell you. I used to be a cutter, but worked on myself for a long time to stop that. It feels a lot harder to handle the pain, honestly. These last few days, I've started to gain the confidence to try to off myself.

So what I ask is this. Please advise some solid ways I can kill myself. I've been thinking about either bleeding out slowly (i would prefer going out this way) or carbon monoxide poisoning, but I have no idea how to properly pull it off.


Thank you for taking the time to read this. Sorry if I sound angry, or like a shit person or something.