I was almost hired by a government agency. I didn't pass the suitablility but they may still be interested?
I had a phone interview with a government agency. It went well. In a few days, I heard from their HR department that I was tentatively offered a position. I just needed a background check.

This is in a major city. I took time off work, went down to their office. I paid for parking and Uber's to get around to the different buildings to get the necessary paperwork done. I was given a tour of their office by my future supervisor and met my future co-workers.

Two days later I get a call from HR saying that I didn't pass the background check and that they are rescinding their offer. Shocked, I asked why and she said that the agency that performs their background check doesn't give details and gives them a pass/fail report. They sent me the number for someone to call so I could get more information. But their decision to rescind the offer was final.

I called the number they gave me. They told me it was because I haven't been off probation for 3 years since my DWI almost 5 years ago. In 3 months I would have passed the background check. Nowhere on the job posting did it ask about criminal history and when I filled out the preliminary employment paperwork I was honest about my DWI when they asked about probation. The paperwork did not state that this was a non-negotiable condition of employment. I felt bad that I had wasted everyone's time.

I emailed who would have been my future supervisor explaining the situation, including the DWI. I thanked him for his time and told him I hoped to apply in the future.

Almost three weeks passed. I received a response from him thanking me for sharing the details of not passing the background check. That the agency they use doesn't share their reason and just gives a pass/fail. He said that he's going to hold on to my resume in case a future position opens up. And while he can't hold the position I was applying for, he believes that I, "would be a great fit for the team and would be willing to consider you for a future opportunity."

I find it strange that he waited 3 weeks to respond to my email. I thought he has simply moved on. My other emails to him were responded to very quickly.

What do you all think? How should I respond, if at all?