What are ways to identify toxic work environments ahead of time? Dealing with a toxic work environment right now...
I am currently going through a difficult time at my work. It is the end of the fiscal year and because we recently had a leadership change at the company, the new executives are changing our entire sales structure. I work in Sales Operations and so my job is to implement these changes. Well, they took their sweet time getting the requirements to me and kept changing things. I was also not involved in the discovery conversations, so it was hard having to get everything second hand from my manager. On top of that, my boss has started micromanaging me and is now making me work over the weekend in a passive aggressive way because otherwise these projects won't get done in time. Unfortunately, I have a much better relationship with my Director, but there is still middle management in between. 

Furthermore, I have realized over the 7 months I have worked at this company that there is a disconnect between what they say and what they do. They praise work-life balance and say they value their employees, but then I get in trouble for taking a lunch and am shamed into working overtime. The office environment is really awkward in my opinion because you either just say "how's it going" or you avoid eye contact when you pass each other. Socializing or having conversations seems to be frowned upon. Needless to say it is not a good work environment for me. 

Maybe my problem is with my manager or maybe it's with both my manager and the company, but I'm starting to feel like this job isn't what it seemed to be when I started. They have a great Glassdoor rating (4.6) and everything they talked about in the interview was great. They didn't lie to me or anything, but I do think that they painted a better picture than what is reality. I also think that HR does a lot of things just for the optics.

I am considering starting to look at new opportunities, but I'm also worried that I will just end up working at another company that has a toxic work environment. Today, I read this article on LinkedIn (A Toxic Work Culture Is Forcing High-Performing People to Quit
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/toxic-work-culture-forcing-high-performing-people-quit-tim-denning) and a lot of it applies to what I'm currently going through. 

What are effective ways to identify a toxic work environment before you start working there? Is it even possible? Am I hoping in vain for a better work environment and just need to accept that this is how corporate America works? Any advice or recommendations are welcome. I'd also be happy to hear about your experience dealing with a toxic work environment. I am planning on talking to my boss about my issues in the hopes of resolving some of these problems. We'll see how that goes.