I want a different career but I am constrained by my experience and financial difficulties. I have no idea what to do or where to go. What can I do?
I'll summarize my educational background as succinctly as I can. I got a bachelor's in neuroscience, and a master's in biotechnology. This was with the goal of getting into medical school, which did not happen. After a year of trying to get a job after the master's program, I got into a doctoral program for biochemistry. Due to a variety of factors, including the program director bungling up my qualifying exams, I quit the program after 3 years.

Since then, I haven't been able to find a decent job. My master's program director said I should command a job at least $20/hour, which has been proven to be a bald-faced lie or moronic oversight. I hadn't had a full-time job until this year, and only one paying that rate for two months. After leaving the doctoral program, I worked for 1 year at a grocery store, and 6 months at an overnight veterinary diagnostic lab. I've been at my current job for 2 months now, as a research assistant at a university. Despite promises, it offers no clear way up or any substantial pay increase whatsoever.

Now, here's where I'm having difficulty. I want to switch to a different career, but I have a few obstacles.

The first is money. I still have to pay off student loans, and I have no desire to go into even more debt for a pricey program that doesn't even guarantee a job afterwards. I already did that with my master's, and I have spent now more than 2 years job hunting for scraps. I'm not forestalling my life further playing this rigamorale in order to pay off loan shark, bloated debts.

The second is job hunting itself. The whole process is a joke, compounded by so-called professionals who give contradicting advice on how to write resumes, apply to these job boards, and whatever else. My university's career counselor is a quack with no idea what he's doing. Recruiting agencies like Aerotek either find me nothing or ignore me entirely. Networking events have netted me nothing. I have no idea where to go to get a career plan in place. Moreover, am I being ignored because I'm seen as inexperienced? A job hopper? I shouldn't be, considering I've had at least 3 years experience doing research, and my other jobs, while short, had to be taken or else I couldn't eat.

**Long story short**, I want out of my career field of research to find a decent paying job with some growth but I cannot afford more schooling (I'm still paying of my master's, thank you very much).  I have no idea how to navigate the fog of confusion and contradiction that is job hunting either. Any advice at all would be greatly appreciated. I'm nearly 30, and I'm scared stiff that I've pigeonholed myself into a dead-end career path that I can't escape from.

edit: made a few changes to the education part.