I want to renegotiate my hourly pay with a recruiter a month into my new job
I have been actively looking for a job a month ago. I was presented with a couple of offers, but I had an interview that I enjoyed that was set up via a recruiting agency.

After my interview, I was talking to my recruiter for 1-2 weeks trying to speed up the process. I got other offers and I told him about them and hoped that he would speed the process up for me to make it easier for me to make a decision. One of the offers was for $36/hr but it required me to relocate, which I preferred not to do at the moment (I did not tell him that I would have to relocate but told him about the pay)

He said that his job pays 36$ as well and that I should just wait a couple of more days.

I then received another offer, for $38, and told him about it. However, I told him that I am still interested in his position because once again, I enjoyed the interview and could see myself as a good fit.

The recruiter ghosted me for a week. Stopped answering phone calls, texts. I had given up.

Eventually, he picked up the phone after a week. He told me someone else had filled that position. I contacted the company that I would work for through the recruiting agency DIRECTLY and the people there told me that they would have been excited to work with me, but they were told that I had already accepted another job offer. 

Two days later. on a Friday, the recruiter called me and told me that I could still get the job if I wanted to. I had other offers on the table but told him that I could still be interested. I told him that I'm willing to entertain a potential offer.

The recruiter told me there was a catch - I would have to accept it that Friday night and show up to work on Monday - which was actually an insane condition. However, I needed a job and needed it fast. I said "Okay, I'll work with you"

The offer came in at $31. I told him that I was expecting him to keep his word and offer me the $36, but he used the typical recruiter excuse "It came in lower than I expected". I know they are getting a huge chunk of what the company is paying for me.

Anyways, I'm a month in and have done an excellent job so far. However, I'm still wanted by other companies - and here's a thing that I saw as a red flag: Even though there is an ongoing pandemic, the company refused to let me work from home even though my job is technical and can be performed remotely. 

I feel like I have nothing to lose and I also feel like I'm terribly underpaid for the tasks that I'm doing.

Can I give my recruiter an ultimatum of keeping his original promise and renegotiating my pay or else I'd be moving on to other prospects?

I would have nothing to lose if I went to a new job. However, the recruiting agency would lose money by losing me, so I feel like it doesn't hurt to try.

I want to ask for the original $36 that I was promised. Or else.

Thoughts?