5 star upscale restaurant barista
 

My manager had come up to me ran by me a couple of questions he has asked me If I I was in school and whether or not I had another job. My answer was no. He offered to give me forty hours, something that a lot of people would be grateful for. He had asked me If I wanted to do the coffee position at my job. I use to work at Mcdonalds and making drinks use to be fun so I thought that this would be a nice opportunity for me. I had agreed to take the position but that I only wanted to work 30 hours, that way I could move up or down in hours depending on how I felt while working the new position. He was upfront and told me that I would only have my trainer for one day and that I would be all on my own from there. I saw that he had put me on the weekend and the trainer said that it gets really crazy with coffee and Im scared for the weekend because I know the servers are going to be frustrated with me because its going to be super busy and I will be slowing everything down for them.

It was my first day working the restaurant side of my job today. Usually I stick to banquets. Throughout the day I had been following my trainer around and one person that I know from banquet said "cmon guy" in response to me not knowing the table numbers and not knowing where to drop off the coffee and It was this comment that made me feel awful. I just cried. This is because I am not able to take criticism. I wasnt sure if I just needed to sit on the idea of telling my boss that this isnt the position for me for a day and get outside advice. The thing is that the coffee guy only makes cappuccinos and espressos but I still struggle with working the machine. Theres a certain part that we have to take out and then put a new one in and I can never get to put the regular coffee in. Not understanding simple concepts is something not new and I believe that my anxiety has something to do with it.

My manager had asked me how was the first day and he was on already on his way out of the restaurant and I just didnt really know how to tell him how I felt because I was very scared. I would have felt guilty telling him that I was uncomfortable and that I didnt think the position was right for me. I was going through some scenarios in my head but none of them I thought would be perfect. I had to prepared to answer what do you need? Can you give it another day? What is stressing you out? You had already agreed and your on the schedule. I thought about being vague and just keep repeating that its not working. I thought about telling him how Im scared to death of people. I thought about saying It was good, I just dont know how to make coffee. I just told him that it was okay, I was just thrown out by the numbering system that we have so we know whose tables are whose. He had brought up something about needing a map, I think it was a joke but its important interactions like these where my anxiety just freezes me up and I dont hear what the other person is telling me. He was feeling good, and kept coming out of the office with all of my tips from the previous days that I have been working, had his backpack on and I would have just felt too bad to tell him any of this.