Career path after call center management ?
Hello Internet people!

The question coming up might be broad, but I could not find any satisfactory answer in an existing post so far (because you know, specifics), so I thought I'd ask around for enlightenment.

Long story short, I am now in my mid-30's, decided to quit my job in one of the Big 4 tech companies after 12 years, and while I'm not yet at the point where I want to go back to an office job straight away, I'd love to hear your opinion and  experiences on the topic.

\- Dropped out of uni before the end of my BSC in computer science and industrial programming (yeah great move I know)

\- Jumped immediately into a Tech support / Customer service rep role for the next 3 years.

\- Spent the next 8 years in 2 different management positions (In B2B support), still in the Tech support/Customer service area, with job responsibilities heavy on Coaching/Leadership and Admin/Reporting, with months-long missions in Recruitment and Operations.

\- 5 Months in a UX/UI analyst role afterwards. I maintained a decent IT background throughout the management career (particularly on Network technologies, Mobile Device management and programming), which probably helped landing this job.

\- Native French speaker, pretty much native-level English fluency at this point too. I understand Italian/Spanish/Dutch fairly well, fluency in either of these 3 would be a matter of months practicing.

\- Interest in and good understanding of Finance/Stock market.

And this is where I am.

My worry at this point is that customer care/tech support careers seem to be a good path to ... another customer care job, which is and industry i'd preferably steer clear of. Most of my network left our company for another Customer care department, and I'm just not sure what roles this job prepared me for outside of it exactly. While leadership is an important skill in itself in my opinion, I am not too sure about the job market for a management position outside of my field of expertise. Also, the fact that I did not graduate can be an issue, as some companies/countries/roles will enforce strict degree requirements, while for others work experience can make up for it.

So in a nutshell my question is: What's your experience with your career after call center / call center management careers, or any thoughts/recommendations you would have based on my profile. 

Finally, I'm willing to relocate outside of Europe (the last 2 gigs were in Ireland/Netherlands), with a preference for HK/Singapore or if stars align for it find a location independent job.

TIA :)

&#x200B;

(Edit: Added Flair)