New job misled me... should I quit or stay for the resume boost?
Hi all, TLDR on the bottom. 

 I just got a job at a biotech startup three weeks ago and I thought everything was going great until this week... it seems like they’ve misled me to believe what my job is and what experience and skills I can gain from it. 

When I interviewed, I was straight forward with them and told them I’m doing this for the experience because I have a year experience at a previous startup as an Administrative and Operations Manager and I’m looking to cultivate skills and experience in operations, production management, supply chain, etc. because I don’t want to be an Office Manager/admin worker forever. And I asked them if this is a position that can offer that growth and they reassured me that there’s so much potential for growth in this job. They made it seem like keeping the office tidy was only 15% of my job (office manager... duh) but a couple days ago the VP of Operations that I’ve been supporting and assisting sat me down and basically tried to be casual and say that my job is to keep the office tidy... but I don’t have to worry about cleaning the toilet (his words not mine). Even though we have professional cleaners that come in once a week... this was even listed on the job ad. 

So what I’ve been doing... learning the operations, helping with logistics and the production paperwork isn’t my priority and the majority of my time should be spent keeping the office tidy. 

Later that night, I got an email from the CEO saying that he thinks that the VP got a chance to talk to me, so he just wants to reiterate what my job responsibilities are “moving forward.” And it’s again listing stuff like making sure I sweep, clean the kitchen tables, wipe down stuff... etc. and I also got an email from the VP with “supporting documents” attached saying what my job responsibilities were... #1 &#2 were cleaning related, and then #3 is policing others who prevent me from doing the above... 

So... I feel like I’ve been totally misled because it seems like they just want an office mom and they misled me to believe I would be doing a lot of the management/OTHER business related stuff... not clean. Oh and they don’t clean after themselves... they want me to pick up used coffee mugs, napkins, wrappers that accumulate on their desks. 

What should I do? Do I stay for 6 months and list this on my resume, or should I look for another job?  Of course, I wouldn’t quit until I find another job but... I’m pretty discouraged because I felt like I’ve been doing a really good job with the operations end and this was a slap in the face. 


TLDR: new job misled me to believe my job duties would be more management based responsibilities so I can get experience but they hit me with “supporting documents” to tell me I should focus more on keeping the office clean. 

Edit to add: they had 3/4 other candidates interviewing for the position. But the CEO texted me three hours after the interview to asking if I can do full-Time instead of part-time (since I’m taking classes at a community college for business as well. I already have a degree in Biology btw). So when he asked that, it reenforced the idea of what this company can offer for me.