Friendly reminder that people come on here for advice
I've seen a few posts recently where people have been decrying other people's questions as "cringeworthy" or "pathetic". I've also seen a lot of people hammering the OP in the comments calling them all sorts of names for asking a question.

People come on here to ask very vulnerable and personal questions. This is an anonymous social media site. People come on here asking the questions that feel too stupid to ask family, too personal to ask friends, too blunt to ask potential partners. People come on here saying "I have no idea what to do here, please help me". Instead of laughing at the poster or acting as though we're so far ahead of the person asking a question why don't we provide gentle advice instead? Teach them what we know instead of putting them down?

Why am I saying this? I have been in a relationship for two years with a girl I met online. Growing up I wasn't close to my father and really didn't have a male authority figure to go to when it came to dating. It was very much a case of figuring it out as I went along, making mistake after mistake after mistake until finally I didn't. I come on here when I get the chance because I genuinely want to help other people with what I learned, what worked for me so that they can have it perhaps just a little bit easier. I wish I had known about this subreddit when I was dating and could have asked questions here; I also suspect that I would have been called 'cringy', 'desperate', 'clueless', 'moronic' and a litany of other insults that are bandied around by a select few on here. It would have shattered my self-confidence and I might not be in the situation I am in today.

And just to clarify, there is nothing wrong with being direct or straightforward. Sometimes we all need to be told to start thinking clearly and make a decision. All I'm saying is that attacking a poster's character or integrity on an advice forum is neither constructive nor useful.

--------------

On the other side of the coin, this is for those of you asking for advice. We all have baggage we carry and we are all unique individuals. Perhaps you're describing a situation that resembles a particularly negative one I've experienced. I will therefore be more inclined to urge you to stay away, when in reality that may be the worst possible decision. I've seen (an admittedly small amount of) comments and posts on here that have echoes of "men are garbage" and "women ain't shit" which while I think are perfectly valid opinions that probably have some sort of backstory to them, I urge you not to take as gospel just because someone else believes it. Heck, I even ask that you question what you're reading right now, and if it seems like a bunch of nonsensical drivel then please downvote and move on.

My point is this: people are all different and nobody has the perfect answer to your question. We'll all try to provide advice the best way we can but at the end of the day you've got to combine that with your own intuition and make the decision you feel is best.

Thanks for reading this, all the best in your dating futures!