Some important advice for lonely singles
I've been spending the past 2 months trying to get over a girl that broke my heart. She played me for a fool and used me for emotional support and intentionally kept me around while she was out chasing another man and as soon as he was willing to take her back, I was last weeks garbage. I felt distraught and like thr whole world was against me. I couldn't trust people, I couldn't sleep right, and every day I saw her was like a kick in the head. She had me under her thumb no matter what and I lived day to day praying that she would reconsider.

But then I realized something...my self-worth. I started thinking about how a woman that would intentionally play with people's emotions like that isn't someone that deserves my love and affection and certainly not my time. I realized that anyone who rejects me is missing out on something amazing and any girl that breaks up with me is losing the "greatest good they're ever gonna get" (5 points if you get the reference).

I also realized that I can't live my life trying to be someone that I'm not. I sat around trying to become the ideal man and "Chadify" myself in an attempt to make my chances with women better instead of just being myself and loving me! I love anime and retro video games and terrible movies and netflix comedies! Nobody can take that away from me and anyone who tries is a waste of my time. I refuse to hide my loves for the sake of those who didn't appreciate them to begin with.

It's not always easy to make a move and change your life or your mindset, but all it takes is one change to turn around your entire life. Today, I went out and got a haircut and a bunch of new clothes, completely changing my look. Now, I love the way I look. I ended up texting a girl that I think is cute that I work with asking to get lunch later this week and lo and behold, she was pretty happy about the idea. That's just an example of how being confident and going after what you want, whether it'll work or not, is incredibly important.

This is for everyone who is going through some pain and feels like nobody likes you or that you'll be alone forever; first, there are people that like you that you'll never know about unless you talk to people and read their body language. Second, it just takes time. Don't rush it and don't put people up on pedestals as though they're unattainable. You never know who may have a hidden crush on you!

Long story short, love who you are. Love what you like. Embrace it and even display it! More importantly, don't let people walk all over you!

Hope this helps someone.