Told I was full time but I’m not?
I work at subway and have been under the impression I’ve been full time since January, I talked to the GM and the secretary and they said that if I wanted to they’d like to put me full time, I said yes. Well a few months ago we got new work shirts and I asked how many I got, was told 2 is part time 4 is full time, I got 4. GM also said we couldn’t afford to hire anyone else because I’m full time. 

Well in June I requested 2 days off for August so I could go stay at a casino for my moms birthday with her, we’ve never had to check in for our requests off because we always get them, one only requested one other day off since I got hired for a doctors appointment in early June.

Schedule came out and I had only Tuesday off and I had paid for the room and it was in 5 days. I had basically begged my manager to give it to me because I really needed it and they gave it to me, well she didn’t like that I said something to her and she claimed she “never got the request off” and lectured me for requesting our busy days off.

She tried to call in a co worker early so she could send me home because I had her give me the day off I requested 2 months ago, I know this may not seem critical to this but it is, I was working 35-40+ hour weeks and have covered for anyone even worked 56 hour week one week and did 3 back to back doubles when someone quit and covering for my manager and I’m down to 20 hours a week now, I was told I was never full time just working full time hours, they’ve hired someone else as full time now who used to work there and I don’t know if they’re aloud to do that? Is it going to hurt me the fact I was “labeled part time” all this year but worked full time hours? Can I say I’m full time on applications? Is there anything I can do to my employer about this?

TLDR: was working full time hours and told I was full time several times but I basically stuck up for myself and now they say I was never full time and went from 35-40+ hour weeks to 20 hours