I HATE my summer job
I'm a college student working at a local pizza place.  I'm doing deliveries and I'm *supposed* to be washing dishes.  At first it was fine, I went from working McDonalds to this place and it seemed like anything was better than that.  I was told I'd be making 6.00/hr plus tips and working full time.

The first couple of weeks, that's what happened.  I did exactly what they wanted me to - washed dishes, ran deliveries, often made out pretty well in tips (maybe 50/night on the weekends).  The thing is that it gradually dawned on me that I'm not being paid 6.00/hr, but they pay everything in cash under the table so I have no way to report it.  Meanwhile, they reduced my hours and I no longer work any of the lucrative shifts.  I'm now just barely making enough to pay for gas money for each of my shifts (they don't pay mileage and they ask me quite often to go to the wholesale warehouse in my tiny Hyundai Sonata to pick up large orders).  I'm making something like 4.00/hr without tips counting towards anything but my job.   I don't even know when I work until the Sunday before the week starts. I'm asked to stay on call on all my days off and if I don't take their call I can expect to get chewed out when I get back.

When I go in to work, I'm berated constantly for being lazy and stupid, despite the fact that I'm confident that I wash dishes just as quickly as anyone else who works there.  Lately, my managers have actually been getting angry at me for doing dishes.  They say it's "common sense" that when the managers look busy, I should be standing by them helping them directly (although they told me from day one that I should never stand in the area they do because I get in the way).  The kinds of things they expect me to know how to do I was never trained for, and yet I lack "common sense" when, for example, I don't know their recipe for dough off the top of my head, or don't know how to operate a machine with a blade because no one ever took the time to show me what the each of the buttons do.  They make fun of me for asking people not to put knives in the water while I'm washing dishes where I can't see them, even though I've nearly cut myself on a couple.

I don't let it show when I'm there, I have a reputation for being serious (which is true of me outside of work too), but I'm constantly in a bad mood.  My managers alternately make fun of my ADD and speech impediment, tell me I'm too straight laced (I have social anxiety disorder), and yell at me for doing specifically what I was told to do.  I want to quit.  I hate it there.  I'd very gladly take McDonalds over this, because at least there people are professional.  I put in the application a month ago and spoke to the manager but haven't heard anything back.  I can't wait until I graduate college and can work a job I actually want to do.