Alone
We hug goodbye at the airport. You make your way to your boyfriend, waiting for you upstairs and I get into my cab. You're going home where you'll break open your bags and spill presents unto your mum and your boyfriend. 

I'll stumble into my house, lay my bags to one side so I don't trip over them then fall on to my bed. I'll pull the covers tight around me and at the back of my mind, pretend it's a hug. I won't think about tomorrow, how I'll need to get up and clean the house somehow. I won't wonder if I'll have enough strength to get up and cook myself lunch. 

While your family takes you to brunch and you tell them stories of our trip, I'll turn on the TV because the silence kills me. 

It's not that I resent that you have people. I just wish I wasn't so alone. I wish I didn't go back to an empty house all the time, I wish there was someone to say "welcome home". I wish that it isn't just Google for me to talk to at home. 

When I'm sick, I become so vulnerable. Broken body, broken spirit. The loneliness eats up at me even more and I wish I could smash everything around me, pick up a shard of glass and rip my skin open- let it out. Let out every thing inside of me, all my pains. Watch as the pain flows out of my veins.

I want to walk out to my balcony and sit on the rail. Feel myself sway in the wind till I find the courage to let go, to fall to freedom. Feel the wind knocked out of my lungs as I become empty empty empty of all the darkness inside my soul. The wish for my skull to crack open on the pavement then maybe everyone can understand how much darkness lives inside my brain. 

I want to breathe it in, any gas that slowly seeps away my life. To feel myself falling asleep for the last time and my demons lay down with me, we'll never wake again. The demons all nip at my heels as we make our way to hell but they can only run beside me, no longer a weight on my shoulders or pulling me in so many directions. 

If i have to be alone tonight, I wish it could be for the last time.

Edit: thank you for the gold, kind stranger!! 
And thank you everyone for your kind words. I'm glad my piece connected with you all and sorry you feel such loneliness too.