[Rant] Why "being happy being single" isn't always a good thing.
Sorry in advance for this wall of text, quarantine has just lead me to doing a lot of self-reflection and introspection on things. 

I've spent a lot of time recently reading this subreddit and a few others. The same advice seems to come up quite a bit when people talk about having difficulties getting dates, forming relationships, etc: Work on yourself. Improve yourself. Be happy with yourself single or you won't be happy in a relationship. Be the person you'd want to date. 

Firstly, I'd just like to say that in general this IS very good advice. We should always be looking to improve ourselves as people. Not necessarily just for the sake of dating/meeting a partner, but just to make our lives better as a whole. 

But there's something else I'd like to address here. 

There seems to be a prevailing attitude in quite a few dating advice forums that essentially boils down to "be okay with being single". At face value this seems like a good approach; if you're not happy being on your own, why drag another person down with you? But I'd like to make a potential counter-argument to this, or at least partly.

There seems to be two possible perspectives here:

1) Be happy with yourself as a person, while you just so happen to be single.

2) Be happy being single, as a status or condition of your life.

The first one is, in my opinion, very solid advice. And in general I'd say that in most areas of my life I am very happy with how things are going. I've got a stable job, solid group of friends, in good shape, do things that make me happy and improve myself as a person, you get the idea. 

However, the second one can be...dangerous, to put it one way.

I'm a 27 year old guy, and have never had a girlfriend in my life. Never had sex, never kissed anyone, blah blah you've heard this story before. When I was younger it wasn't that big of a deal, really. There was so much other stuff happening in life that dating and relationships were pretty much on the back burner. But going into college, and after graduating, I started realizing something might be wrong. All my friends and peers were in dedicated long-term relationships, or were at least having success when it came to casual dating. I was the odd man out. So I decided to make some changes and did my research. That lead to a commitment to self-improvement, which I'm still pursuing to this day. At first things seemed to be looking up; my confidence improved, I felt much better about myself as a person, and generally had a better outlook on life.

But the one area that remained the same was my romantic/dating life, or lack thereof. I felt good about myself as a person who just so happened to be single. However, I still wasn't happy with BEING single. 

My friends tried to help, and a lot of them took the approach of telling me how great being single is. Not having to worry about arguments/relationship troubles/etc. But to me that always felt like a bit of a cop-out answer. Imagine telling someone who was dying of thirst "Oh, water? Yeah it's okay I guess, but it's not *that* great." 

That lack of dating success started bleeding into other areas of my life. What confidence I'd built up pretty much vanished after I was rejected a number of times, and still hasn't come back. It also feels like I'm the verge of having depressive episodes almost every day. I tried to think of other areas that needed to be improved, that could possibly be leading to this back-track in the progress I'd made. But it always came back to my perpetual state of being alone. 

It feels like a constant feedback loop. I can't seem to make any progress when it comes to dating, which means that there must be something wrong with me. There's something wrong with me, which means I won't have any success trying to date/form relationships. This also contributes to a concern that at this point it's too late for me, that nobody will want to go out with a 27 year old who's never had a girlfriend in his life. From an outside perspective, it's easy to see how someone might think there's some serious underlying issues there that would explain this lack of experience.

What I'm trying to say (in an admittedly very verbose way) is this: The advice of "be happy being single" isn't always great, at least in the long term. While I like myself as a person who's single, the idea of being alone for the rest of my life is terrifying and feeds back into some of the negative self-talk that has sprouted from a lack of romantic experiences. I don't want to be single; I want to be able to form healthy relationships like everyone else, to have that intimacy and trust with another person but have never been able to experience so far. It feels like I've been missing out on one of the most rewarding things life has to offer, and everyone says "oh, just be okay with it!".