The Start Up I work for was bought, and nothing has been changing. Is it a bad sign?
Hello everybody! I don’t know if this is the right place to post this. But I’m working for a startup and I’m seeing some concerning things.

I was really excited about working for a startup. It would be lots of work and it was a major leap after struggling to find a full time job. I’ve been there 7 months or so and over time I was seeing things I didn’t like but thought I’d tough it out.

Now, things are getting bad it feels like. We were just purchased by another company. The CEO and his wife, whom he works with, met with us individually. Not one big meeting, but meeting with employees alone. It was weird but tried not to think too much of it. Yet everything has slowed down. To the point that there is nothing to do. And the CEO does not like seeing his employees not working. He already has an attitude, is quicker to criticize than reward. Priorities shift on his whim. He once said to me “if I find that thing, I’m gonna be pissed. I’ll fucking kill you”. I tried not to read too much into it, but it was shocking. But he talks to everybody that way.

We also have not seen the people who bought us. They have not spoken too any of the employees or anything. Yet we know we will be moving locations. But we don’t know where.

That’s just some of the stuff. It always seemed like there were all these pieces, yet none of them were moving in the same direction. Now it just seems like we are in a sort of limbo and not being told anything. Especially since I just learned from a coworker our last two paychecks were paid out of the CEO’s pocket. Too anyone who has worked or owned a start up, is this sort of thing normal after a buy out? Is there always a strange period of silence or not knowing what’s going to happen?

A lot of us are looking for new jobs. We have even made jokes that we’re going to come to work and the doors are barred or we’re raided. Are we being paranoid or do we have a right to be afraid?