Caught cheating. Regret my decision every day.
About a year ago I was like a lot of people on here preparing to apply to colleges. One day while I'm driving a friend home from school I ask him where he's thinking about applying. He tells me that race/ethnicity in college admissions is HUGE and you can simply lie about it and get a big boost. He tells me there's no punishment if you get caught. After spending weeks researching the whole "race factor" in college admissions, I decided I'd lie on college admissions and claim I was latino/hispanic (I'm white). If colleges asked anything I'd simply tell them I was columbian. 


I apply to selective instituions marking myself as Hispanic/Latino. In the weeks following I experienced stress and anxiety over my decision I never thought I would. Every email, every letter in the mail, and every visit to the guidance counselors office caused stress. I even had some nightmares about getting caught. Eventually acceptances and rejections rolled out. I thought at this point I was in the clear. I pick my college, buy apparel for it, update my social media bios, tell all my friends and family, and at my school they post colleges with the name of the students attending them in the hall.


In June, which at this point I had graduated from HS, I'm at a concert with friends. I get a phone call from my college. I don't answer but she leaves a message. She informs me that they performed an audit and noticed on "old records" (I have no idea what these records were or how they got them) my parents marked me as caucasian and that on my ACT profile I was marked as caucasian. She asks for a call back. My stomach dropped when I read this voicemail (I have a transcriber). I went to a porta potti and puked for over an hour. I had to tell all my friend I was just sick. And on the train ride home I had a panic attack. I had enormous chest pains, shortness of breath, and shaking. I honestly thought I was gonna die. 


I got home and planned my next lie. The next day I called and answered questions from an associate dean who didn't sound at all suspicious despite my nervous voice. I told him I had recently found out my Dad is columbian (since I never knew and still don't know my dad). After the conversation he tells me thanks and they'll email me if they have any more questions. On Tuesday I get an email from them informing me they'd like a written letter from my parents and guidance counselor confirming my assertion that I was columbian. 


At this point the jig is up. I email them informing them I'd like to withdraw my enrollment from the school and that I will no longer me attending. For the next week and a half I ignore multiple phone calls and emails from them. Eventually they just called my school and told my guidance counselor what happened. My guidance counselor at the direction of the college, or maybe his own volition I don't know, informs every college I applied to and he calls my Mom. 


Every college I was accepted rescinded my acceptance. My Mom and grandparents were angry as you can imagine. But they eventually understood the pressure I had on me to get into a good college and forgave me. I decided to enroll at a Community College, which is where I'm at now. I had to come up with a lie to all of my friends and family that I couldn't afford to go to a 4-year. 


I now live in fear that when I apply again in two years my counselor will inform all of the schools of my history, and I'll forever be blacklisted as a cheater. I live every day regretting my decision. I hate Community College so much and feel like I wasted 4 years of work just so I would have a slightly better chance at some schools. Thankfully, if there's any silver lining, I avoided any legal trouble since I was accepted without financial aid. I'm writing this to hopefully clear some conscious and improve my poor ethics (which I still have). I'll probably get a lot of hate on this post, which is understandable. I wish I would've known about this reddit a year ago, and I wish someone would've made a post like this. So they know it's not worth it. 



TL;DR Don't cheat the college admissions. It's 100% not worth it. You'll probably get caught. And if you don't get caught you'll have to live in fear that you may be caught.