No idea what to think anymore...
My wife left me, it didn't bother me as much as everyone expected it to, as Id known it was coming for nearly 2 years.

On the side of that I had realised that I wasn't straight, I knew I was Bi at a young age, however the last I'd say 6 or 7 years I've slowly realised I'm not interested in women in any way sexually, the act of laying with my wife was something that took alot of effort on my part and I had to resort to viagra and porn to get myself "ready" so to speak.

Anyway, I found a guy about 5 or 6 weeks ago, really good looking, exactly my type, tattoos, great taste in music (liked alot of what I like) and seemed the whole package.

Now first 3 or 4 weeks, it was great, we spent alot of time together, got on really well, didn't wanna be apart, barely stopped speaking. Felt such a strong connection to the guy I was scared in all honesty, I'd not expected to find that so fast.

Outside of the little honeymoon bubble we were in, my life however carried on. I've been battling my ex wife for access to my kids, I've not seen them in months now. There was ALOT of slander and bad mouthing about me, alot of snidey comments and posts about me, but I just ignored it.

However it got to a point at the start of the week were I was unable to continue the happy place and I had a break down cause everything got too much and I felt like I was drowning with it all.

I barely spoke to the guy that day, mainly because I was busy talking to lawyers and the council and trying to make sure my life doesn't grind to a full stop.

The guy couldn't handle that apparently, and got really really pissy with me. He then became exceedingly narcissistic when I tried to talk to him about it all in the evening. Everything had to be about him, I'd tried to explain to him that I'd broken down and had a ridiculously hard day, that I didn't know how to carry on and I wanted him with me more than ever. Yet all he could do was kick off and tell me his problems were worse.

He then started with the "I don't wanna be hear tomorrow" bullshit, telling me he was going to hurt himself etc etc. After the day I'd had I couldn't handle it, I told him I couldn't help as I was broken myself and trying to get my head into a place where I could help him was impossible.

He went absolutely mental at me, called me a lot of crude things, then switched to begging me to talk to him, then crudities again, then told me he loved me (we've known each other 6 weeks....)

I couldn't cope with it and selfishly I turned my phone off and just went to bed.

The next day, I tried to speak to him to sort it out and whatever, but it all got pinned on me. Every last thing got pinned on me and I was painted as the bad guy.

I, like an idiot, pushed it to one side and invited him round for a couple days, thinking we could sort it out and smoothe everything over whilst he was here etc.

Within minutes of him turning up he was throwing shade at me, having the little jabs and comments were coming in full force.

I bit my tongue and carried on thinking it'd pass, but for the last 3 days all he's done is constantly remind me it's my fault etc and when he left today I was so happy to see him go.

My conundrum now is, I genuinely feel quite strongly for this guy, but then at the same time I'm not here to have someone belittle me and make me feel like shit after years of having that from my ex wife.

I don't know what to do, and honestly I don't know why I'm posting this, I just wanted to get it off my chest I think, I don't think anyone can help me here, but I just I dunno.

Sorry for the wall of text.