Does anyone else despise editing manuscripts and responding to peer review, or is it just me? Tips for making it less painful?
I like writing. I always have. I've written three manuscripts, and I've actually quite enjoyed the process for each one of them. But something I've learned is that I just totally hate what comes between completing the draft and seeing it in print. Every time for each of the three papers, it's looked something like this:  


First there were the numerous emails sent to co-authors over the weeks prior, begging for at the very least a response to my email giving their consent to submit, much less feedback on the manuscript.   


For the few that did provide feedback, there was the painstaking process of incorporating their comments when they directly disagreed with/contradicted each other.   


Then there's the teeth pulling-like process of making sure every minuscule t is crossed and i is dotted in the exact specific way outlined in the numerous pages of the journal's style guide. Level 1: centered and all capitals. Level 2: Freestanding flush-left boldface. Level 3: Paragraph-initiating boldface. Use et al in the literature cited for more than five authors. Add "a" and "b" to citations for works published by the same first-author in the same year. Kill me now....   


Then there's the re-reading the 70+ page document ten more times looking for mistakes, only to spend several more hours shoving the files through the journal's clunky submission portal and having to re-upload the thing another ten times when I find some other teeny tiny bit of something that needs tweaking while checking the rendered PDF.   


Each time I was finally able to hit that "Submit" button, I've had this overwhelming feeling of just wanting to be D.O.N.E. To never see that document again and be able to MOVE ON WITH LIFE.    


There's that brief period when it's going through peer review when I'm blissfully ignorant about all the ways in which my godforsaken manuscript is being ripped to shreds. All of the hairs that the reviewers are going to split about things that more often than not do not matter. All of the countless hours I'll have to pour into crafting pages and pages of verbiage arguing about the tiniest hills reviewer 2 has elected to die on. Repeating entire analyses that take weeks to run on the beefiest servers available just because some reviewer didn't like the way one of the fifty variables was calculated.   


Does this get easier? Or at the very least, does it ever start to not feel like individually plucking out leg hairs? Do other people enjoy this and maybe this career path just isn't the right fit for me? Anyone have words of wisdom or perhaps tips to make this feel less painful they'd be able to share?   


TLDR: I love writing up research, but editing manuscripts and responding to peer review makes me want to gouge my eyes out. Do other people feel this way? Will it ever become less painful, or is this not the right fit for me?