Nobody listens to me and I hate it.
Angry rant incoming. Lots of swearing.

My dad comes over multiple times a week and it sucks. He makes my sister cry, he yells at and starts fights with my mom, he refuses to leave me alone. I used to yell at him because he pissed me off so much, but he’d just laugh at me like I’m an upset 3 year old (maybe because there’s a language barrier between us and he doesn’t understand my angry outbursts, but regardless, fucking laughing at your Very Pissed daughter is not a very appropriate response) and get mad at me for getting mad at him because he’s my dad or whatever the fuck makes a person immune to being shitty nowadays.

You’d think my mom would be angry and want to do something about it too, especially since he’s been doing this shit for as long as I remember and she’s the main one he does it to, but no. When I complain to her and tell her that he’s a piece of shit (phrased a lot less aggressively, of course) she just tells me not to say that, not to think of him like that, don’t be so angry. But why the fuck *wouldn’t* I be angry? I’ve been dealing with this delusional asshole my entire life, chances are she’s been dealing with him for far longer, but apparently that’s okay for one reason or another.

My mom’s the least shitty person in my family but goddamn, she’s spineless and I hate it because that leaves me as the oldest child to do something about everything and I can’t even fucking do anything because nobody will listen to me. My mom’s all about being kind and shit, but she misinterprets kindness as letting people do whatever they want and not doing anything about it, so of course when I’m angry that my dad’s being a piece of shit, I’m being unreasonable and I shouldn’t be angrier that nobody’s listening to me or doing anything about it because we can all just *deal with it,* can’t we? No need to make a big deal out of it when we can just *deal with it* for the *rest of our fucking lives,* huh?

Now, I just stay as quiet and expressionless as possible when my dad comes over because he’ll just get bored if I’m not doing anything, but it’s so fucking infuriating when he says some stupid shit like “you were so happy when we all lived together and now that I’m not here, you won’t even talk to me,” and I can’t even do anything about it because if I say anything out of pure anger he’ll get upset because I’m mad at him for “no reason” and if I go to my mom to get him to piss off or at least translate what I’m saying to him, she won’t do jack shit. It is *so fucking frustrating* when I’m the only one really willing to stand the fuck up and do something, and it’ll never even fucking work because he won’t understand and my mom won’t translate.

And it’s funny because it’s ridiculously hard for me to really feel angry, and when I do feel genuinely angry, it’s nearly always because my other friends are involved. Never because I’m just pissed at someone for treating me like shit. I always feel sad, or hurt, or upset, but *never* truly angry.

But if a guy makes my friend (at the time) cry in gym class because she didn’t want to have drum class, I’m gonna yell at him after class until she has to drag me away herself to avoid causing a scene. If that same friend draws something in class and one of our other friends makes fun of a small part of it and shows it to everyone in a 5 mile radius to the point where she rips up the entire drawing but he keeps the piece he made fun of, I’m gonna get up and demand it back and stand my ground even when the teacher comes over (even though I’m afraid of authority figures) because I know damn well it won’t help the situation at all if he keeps it and my friend wouldn’t want that (though, next period I ended up unwillingly turning that anger into self hatred for making it a big deal). If one of my friends splits up the rest of our friend group because she wanted to know my best friend’s crush but my best friend didn’t want to tell her, I’m going to argue with her when we walk home together because that’s a stupid-ass thing to split up a friend group over and then text her angrily (I don’t remember what I said, but I probably cursed her out). If my best friend and I realize my other friend (from the gym class story) has been using me for money and treating our entire friend group like shit, I’m gonna feel betrayed because she used me but I’m gonna be pissed that she had the nerve to treat my friends that way. 

I don’t feel angry when I should, and you could ask any of my friends or my best friend about it to confirm that. I’ll let people treat me like shit (thanks, Mom) and not realize that I deserve better until my best friend (who has actual self worth) tells me that ain’t right.

My family, however, is the only exception. *Especially* my dad. My dad can literally knock and I’ll immediately recognize the weird-ass way he knocks on the window instead of the door and be pissed at the very fact that he dares to exist near us. He can just raise his voice a tiny bit at my mom and I’ll want so badly to yell at him to shut the fuck up. I can hear him take a single step on the stairs and want to scream at him to fuck off. He can say my damn *name* and I’ll want to shove him out of my room and lock him out forever (but, unfortunately, my door doesn’t have a lock). But I just keep my mouth shut and mentally yell at him until he finally leaves. At least that gave me insane self control, but I fucking *hate* everything about it and him and I can only wish I could do more. I *wish* I could do something like curse him out or be violent or *something* but fuck, is it hard when I don’t have any goddamn support.