I’m partially responsible for my coworkers’ pregnancy losses- how do I fix this?
I work at a 50-person “young” startup. The oldest person is 36. I’m the first mom they hired. I’m also not Protestant (lack the Protestant Work Ethic )& from a culture where sick days are more comMon. I’m about 6 months in. 

I caught a sinus infection about a month ago and called in sick one AM. My boss told me they NEEDED me for a meeting & could I take the next day off. Fine. I came in. 

The following day, I got a call at 9:30 that they couldn’t spare me & I needed to come in. I wouldn’t be docked sick time. 

This dance went on for about 3 weeks with my coworkers getting increasingly agitated. 

A week in, a single guy (my level)  confronted me in the kitchen, “I don’t want you in here breathing where people eat.”

I came back with, “You’re not my boss; you don’t own this company. If they keep cancelling my sick leave I will go anywhere in the office I please.” Not professional but I was so hurt & frustrated. 

Next day, a female (also my level) texted me: If you come in, I’m meeting with HR today to tell them you need to stop. 

Me: Please make that appointment; my boss keeps denying me sick leave. I’m no happier than you are. 

All the while I had people telling me to “stop being sick”, muttering “please stop” when I coughed, etc. 

Ultimately what broke the stand-off was I collapsed & ended up in the ER. A doctors note finally convinced my boss but HR made sure EVERYONE heard about it. 

By then, a couple others in the office had caught my bug. The Text lady caught it and a cycle of IVF didn’t work as a result. Another guy caught it & his wife lost one twin she was carrying. 

People were crying in the big conference room last Friday. On one hand, I feel terrible I got everyone sick... on another I’m kind of furious my boss kept ordering me in. It’s not all my fault but that’s how people appear to be framing it. 

I could have worn a mask & I need to live with that.  I should have been allowed to take sick leave though. 

How do I fix this at work?