Bestfriend Problems; R's Doubts
I don't think anyone will see this but I'm writing it anyway.
My best friend and I have been friends for awhile now. She's really kind and caring for me. She supports me when I need it which I tend to cause I struggle often with my family. We can all her R.
R is a busy person. They do lots of sports and training that she no longer enjoys but can't get out of. Her mother has her under a similar system of life 360 and put her in therapy after discovering R was self harming. R often jokes about razors and cutting. At the beginning of our friendship she'd get scared I'd stop being her friend and would say things like " if you'd ever leave I'd start cutting". That later stopped and things seemed normal. She doesn't tend to have a filter in public. And doesn't enjoy talking about her feelings.
She was recently diagnosed with minor depression.  She told me she doesn't talk to her therapist and doesn't want to. I suggested getting a new therapist but she said no. I suggested talking to the social worker at our school cause R enjoyed their company but she declined once more. It's gotten to the extent where if I suggest talking she refuses and says she'd rather bottle it up than talk about it. Very recently she texted me telling me she wanted to commit suicide and after several attempts of convincing her not to she stopped responding so I texted her mother and told my own. I then called her mother only for R to answer herself with the words "skeet skeet". At that moment I was shaking and crying and sweating and hearing her normal humorous voice make a joke I immediately hung up. She then texted me saying her phone died with laughing emojis. I was upset and told her not to joke about it. I then asked if she was serious and she replied with yes. I then told her I would not hesitate to tell an adult if that situation happened again. She then left me on read after saying her phone was gonna die.
I feel like R will not accept help and gets upset if I try to tell someone. To be completely honest for a few other reasons I've recently doubted our friendship. I'm not at all in a good mental state and A knows that. Frankly I don't know what to do. I'm so conflicted with this problem while in the midst of struggling with other problems.