I need help... but I don't know what kind.
I’m just putting this out there because Reddit seems to be the only place I can talk freely.    
    
I am so lost I don’t even know how to explain it.     
   
When I lost the only guy I had ever loved some six years ago, it really ripped my soul out. I never recovered from that. All the ambition, the positive thinking, the effort and the goals in my life just vanished.     
I kept on going through the motions for a while, but by the third year it was really just the bare minimum. Just enough to stay afloat. For a while I could live off that.     
But then the whole economic collapse failed and my industry caved in on itself, and the bare minimum became a struggle.     
It’s not that I couldn’t do more – I was, and am, capable. It’s just not in me. I have such a hard time getting out of bed in the morning. I fear waking up, and cry every morning when I do.    
I am not pining for some guy anymore. I don’t even have the motivation to do that – it’s like I’m completely empty. I just don’t feel anything except this big heavy stone. It’s like everything that I was full of drained out of me, and there’s nothing left.    
I have, technically, a boyfriend. But he’s worthless – there’s nothing between us but a history and a facebook label. When I try to tell him how hopeless I feel… if I dare use the word “depressed,” then there’s hell to pay. A locker-room pep talk that starts with “you’re a worthless piece of shit! Do you wanna be a worthless piece of shit forever? Fight!” and ends with him muttering to himself and storming around the house. Eventually he calms down and apologises but then it’s just more lecture for a couple more hours until he runs out of steam. Nothing ever changes. Nothing gets better.     
And everything just keeps getting worse.    
    
Now, I can’t make this month’s rent.     
    
I was standing on the train platform last night for more than an hour, dreading going back home. Not because of a boyfriend I am so indifferent to that I can’t bother to dump him, not because of a rent that’s only a few hundred dollars low, not because of a dying industry that I might as well just change… but because of the thought that even if I do go home, even if I do go to sleep and wake up in the morning, it will be just as bad as it was yesterday, and will only get worse.    
    
I have been contemplating suicide for more than three years, but last night was the worst for a long time. I have researched it thoroughly, but can’t find a feasible, painless, quick solution. The pain terrifies me – the knowledge that a head lives for four minutes after decapitation. Guns aren’t available in this country. I have heard what aspirin overdoses do to the blood and how a person suffers before death. Perhaps the best option I have come up with yet is tubing the exhaust through the window of my car and letting it run…. I heard you just go to sleep.    
    
But I know that I didn’t jump on the tracks last night, and I haven’t taped up my car windows just yet, and for some reason I am here typing this long, long note out. So something in me – soul or no soul - doesn’t want to give up just yet. I don’t know what to do.     
    
...I think that when I wake up tomorrow morning, if I don't feel any better, I will just go ahead and jump. The station is only a five minute walk through the park. It only gets worse from here, anyways.
        
       
       
**edit:** When I woke up this morning, the first thing I did was to look on this page to see if anyone had written any advice. And I burst into tears. Seriously. I have never felt so protected, so warm, and so safe in any community as I do here. I found people to talk to, people who understand, people who sympathize, people who listen, people who have reached out a helping hand and given me a hug more sincere than any I have felt in years. There are no words of thank you that can encompass the gratitude and relief I feel. It's like in the darkness a rope has been thrown down to pull me out.      
      
Since I'm not really sure what to think and how to react, it has helped so much to read your messages. I will prepare something, some kind of *ongaeshi*, I will post it up soon!     
     
Once again.....    
Thank you for caring about me.