Ideal Job Getting Pushy
I've been with my incumbent role (Company A) for close to four years.  We were acquired a couple of years ago, and some functions have been integrated, resulting in layoffs in my company.  Because I've been the last person left in my group for well over two years, I figured it was a matter of time.  Just before the holiday, I received an offer (Company B) with a signing bonus (20% of base) and submitted the due diligence paperwork a couple of days before Christmas.

We come back from the holidays, and sure enough that first Friday, I was advised my position was going away at the end of February.  Because my responsibilities were being split six ways, there was a sizable transition bonus to stay aboard through the end of February on top of severance.  Between reviewing the agreements with the attorney last week and making a transition plan, I hadn't had a chance to follow up with Company B on their status.  Of note, Company A is willing to pay out the retention bonus in full if I get things transitioned out this month.

This past Friday, I get an email from the internal recruiter at Company B, wishing me luck on my first day Monday (today).  Of course, this was news to me.  It appears that someone on the Company B onboarding team dropped the ball and never circled back with me on the start date, where to show up, et al.  

They then wanted to make a first day the 21st (which they neglected to see was a holiday), which makes for a short-notice resignation.  I've pushed back for a 28th start date, which lets me give a two-week notice today, get things properly transitioned out and retain eligibility for that transition bonus.

As of this morning, Company B is still insistent on getting started next week, because they've aligned me with a project.  I'm of the opinion that their internal fuck-ups are not my problem, but also don't want to burn a bridge here and risk losing at least one of the two bonuses.

Any thoughts/feedback would be great.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;