My supposedly good friend has been making out with my ex girlfriend in front of me for weeks now.
Well, "making out" isn't exactly the right term...i'll get to that later.


That title may bring up a lot of questions. Let me clear them up right now:
- all three of us work in a city theatre department

- he and I have been friends ever since September of 2013 (when we began the production of another performance) We were always talking and cracking jokes at each other. We got along well. 

- her and I dated from February of last year to August of last year. We were working on a show together when we first started dating I eventually ended it on what I thought was a good foot. We agreed to stay friends. We stayed in contact some, but not much. 

My department just started another show in December. When I found out we would be working together, I got a bit paranoid at first, but then realized everything'd only be awkward if we made it awkward. So on the first day of work, we both said hi and gave each other a hug. And it turns out my buddy would also be working with me! Great, right?


Well, they began flirting. Then they started holding hands. Then they started kissing. It's very hard not to notice these things because our building is pretty small. At first I honestly tried to avoid being in their presence as much as I could. But then I got a thought...


After a bit of observation, it seemed like they were intentionally doing this when I was around them (My guess is it's her doing more than his). So now I just stand where I'd usually stand or go where I'd usually go . And it *does* seem to lighten up when I do that. I just smile and try to go about my business.


But ever since i've done that, they've slowly been going nuts on each other. I'v heard how annoyed other people are by it as well. And I can't be sure...but it's like she gives me this look every once in awhile, in between a kiss with him. A look that says , "eat your heart out." 


Am I jealous? You may think so from reading this, but I can honestly say that I am not- or do not think I am. I am, however, pissed and depressed beyond my wits. I thought he was my friend, and then he goes and does that with my ex girlfriend? I know she's my *ex*, but still, that's not an okay thing to do without *at least* asking if it'd bother me, right? Or am I wrong?


And then she, while knowing fully well that he's my friend, goes off and does that everyday with me right there. I can't let her know it , but it's killing me. I don't even enjoy the work i'm doing anymore. Now it's about getting through the day without breaking down. 


I haven't spoken to either of them about this, or really in general for sometime. She sometimes says hello, but all I can do is grunt, "hey." 
She's always been "stuck in middle school" if you know what I mean. She was also brought up in an EXTREMELY conservative and scarily religious family. Not that there's anything wrong with being religious... It's just that it was a bit too much for me. She wouldn't make out with me because she thought it was demoralizing. 


Now, my former-friend, he's a complete horndog. So if you think i'm worried about them having a relationship, that's not it. I'm confident that pretty soon , he'll whip his pecker out and she'll scream bloody murder and run for the hills. What's really bothering me is that they're both doing this willingly with full knowledge of our past and my being there. He's in it for the tail, and I think she's in it to get to me. I say that because, remember, she's "stuck in middleschool." She was always a very dramatic person. 


Guys, this is really killing me. Figuratively, of course. I think I'd like to wait until the show is over to say anything to either of them (out of professional courtesy and so it won't be awkward). But I feel like I'm going to burst any day now and fuck the entire production up. I don't want to get fired. We're only a few weeks away from opening. But it's so fucking rough every day. I don't know what to do.