How I found my older brother commited suicide
I am 26 years old right now, and not a day goes by where I don't think about my older brother. People used to ask me when I was a kid if I had any siblings and I would always point to my older brother and say "He's my brother". 

Now I just say I'm an only child and leave it at that. Half of my friends don't know I had a brother, because I don't want to mention it. 

Well, here goes the story that I never told anyone before. Me and my older brother were like two peas in a pod. We used to do everything together. Play sports, watch movies, and like other brothers, we used to fight. But with every fight, we always had the gift of being able to make up with each other and still be brothers that love each other. 

I used to say rude things to him, I used to call him a jerk and a mean person, but I never really meant it. 
So my brother was 18 years old when he was dead. I remember he was unusually quiet the days before his suicide, and he was complaining about something to dad, that I never really know what until I later realized it was about anxiety. 

He taught me how to make something called paper airplanes, where you got paper and made them into airplanes. It was fun, I used to get paper airplanes and throw them to his room and see how far It would land, and then he would get some paper and shoot it back at my room every morning. 

Every other morning he would shoot a paper airplane at my room when I was just waking up. Sorta of our way of saying good morning to each other.

So one day, I woke up. I looked around and there was no paper airplane in my room. I guess I slept longer than him, but I never do. He usually wakes up at like 7 am in the morning. I checked the time and it was 11 am. 
I made a paper airplane and threw it at his room. 
He would usually show himself and play tackle me or tickle me when I did but no one came out the room. I opened the door fully and he wasn't in his bed. 

That's when I looked around and saw the paper he used to make paper airplanes out of, it was all neat and nothing was really ripped apart or touched like it usually was. 

I saw the closet was mildly open and that's when I saw the same image that sticks with me to this very day. I saw my brother in the closet with his eyes mildly open mildly closed, and his face with a pale expression, almost like a frown. I remember his skin color looked odd. I thought he was just standing at first but he was a bit taller. I saw something was holding him up and then I saw the little rope by his throat holding him up. I didn't know what he was doing, I thought it was a prank he made to scare me. I touched his chest and then pushed him. I then started yelling and pushing him violently and then screamed for my mom and dad. By then tears were on my eyes.

But I can tell you right now, if I had to choose something that tore me apart more... My brother's lifeless body or my parents reaction to it, I would have chose parents reaction. 

My dad came into the room, followed by my mom, and for some reason I just didn't want to be in that room anymore and I let myself out to the hallway. Then I heard screaming of my brother's name from my mom, and then some type of noise. I think it was my dad pushing my brother's body, like me. They started sobbing. I went to peek back in the room and then I saw my dad shaking and whimpering. He was a tough guy he never cried in any sad movies me, my brother, and him used to watch together but he was crying nonstop. My mom was just standing there with her lips quivering... her teeth shaking, and her eyes were red. I didn't notice it but I was crying too. My whole body was shaking. 

I ripped up all my paper in my room and I felt like throwing up and spitting out my insides, I then just sat down in my bed for seemingly hours. I never wanted to leave the room, and all I could think about was if this was some sort of nightmare that I was in. I tried going like the cartoons and pinched myself, I used my nails to cut myself deep in my skin to wake me up, I scratched harder till there were marks on my arms but I never woke up. I never woke up.

Every night now, I always wonder what my brother would be like when he was around my age now, and if he would have had a family by now. 

Every year on the day of my brother's death, I throw a paper airplane to a river, and every day I would hope to wake up in my room with a paper airplane lying in my bed, from my older brother. That's the story of my brother's suicide.