(not a big deal but) my parent's pay for most of my sister's living expenses, and maybe 7.5% of mine (until today). We're both college students living on our own, more info inside.
Me and my sister are 5 years apart (I'm her older brother), and we will graduate with our degrees at the same time, and we both have a pre-paid college tuition (courtesy of our military widow grandmother.) I have two part time jobs to pay my bills, and my sister works sometimes at catering's for a restaurant she used to work at, and also as a nanny/house sitter/ dog sitter for one family.
I moved out when i was 18, and i'm almost 25 now. When i moved out i was in college, and i got an apartment, and i've been paying my bills since then on my own, with the exception of my phone bill ($15 paid for by my mother, i have a brick phone), and until today, my auto insurance. ($45 a month paid for by my father. I have a small efficient truck and the cheapest possible insurance plan.) I was in and out of college since i was eighteen, but I'm back for my third straight semester of A's as a part time engineering student (2 courses per semester.)

I work part time and I am a part time student. I work 20 hours a week for UPS loading trucks in the early AM, and i work 10 hours a week friday and saturday nights at a nightclub as a bouncer. I also work odd jobs when i have time (working on my friend's motorcycles, small handyman jobs, mowing lawns, etc.) I take no money from the government besides my tax return (principals). With these jobs i make about $800 a month and i can afford my $225 rent (i rent a 4 bedroom house with 3 other guys), and my $100 in other monthly expenses (gym, internet, utilities.) However, i still come up short at the grocery store and the gas station.
What I'm trying to convey here is that i work hard jobs at rough hours and i don't make much, but i live cheaply and simply, and i'm usually broke.

Today i met with my dad to get some old clothes from him, and he asked me if i could start paying for my own insurance, since i'm about to turn 25 and my rate will go down. he said he needed to start giving my sister more money. i told him of course that wouldn't be a problem. He is an out of work contractor with a fair bit of physical problems and his sole income is disability pay from the government.

Him and my mom (divorced) pay for my sister's rent, which is an all inclusive student apartment near the university. It's $550 a month. Before that she lived in the dorm, which cost about the same.
Lately she was complaining to my mom's side of the family that my dad isn't paying her the full amount he said he would to pay her rent.
My dad is pretty broke, and pays what money he has to keep our 40 acre farm we grew up on, (he knows i want to buy it from him once i start making money.)
It bothers me that my sister expects money from my parents for bills she is capable of paying. She says she is being forced to dip into her savings to pay her bills (she has at least 6 grand saved up that i know of). I have 60 dollars in my account right now, and $700 of credit card debt. She makes a fair bit of money with her spare jobs, and she buys fairly frivolous purchases. ( New furniture, custom wall hangings, $100-$200 jewelry items, shoes, etc. She pays for it with money from her savings.) Plus me and my father make her things and do all her home/vehicle maintenance for her. (Usually me since i live 3 miles from her and my father lives 25 miles away.)

I don't say anything to her about it, and i never invite comparison between us in front of our parents. I feel like it's fair for me to pay all of my own bills, after all i'm a part time student and she's a full time student, i'm in community college (cheaper) and she's in University (which i'll be attending as well in 2015). The only thing is i couldn't stop working to become a full time student, my parents can't afford to support both of us.

This is probably just more of a rant, i can repost somewhere else if this isn't the appropriate venue. I don't feel like there is a solution. It could be worse, my sister could be on drugs, she could be failing school, she could have a terrible boyfriend, etc. But she is a well-adjusted person that may just be a bit spoiled. 
I also feel like as the son i should be self-sufficient and as the daughter she should be taken care of.
So i don't mind doing my part to help my dad, but i wish she would stop taking his help for granted.

TL:DR. my sister has all her living expenses paid for by our parents and lives above the family's means, i get 2% of my expenses paid for by them and live very cheaply. We are both students. I work 30 hours a week and she works 5-6 hours a week. My father just stopped paying my auto insurance so he could pay her rent.