Why is suicide so bad anyway?
People keep trying to talk me out of it. I don't get why. They keep using different types of arguments, and I really don't believe in any of them.

Is it selfish because of the people who care about you? Well, how is me living a life I don't want to just to comfort their lives not selfish from them? Moreover, what about the people who have no one to care for them?(Not my case, but still, it's quite a common cause of suicide)

Is it cowardly? I really don't think so. Every little inch of your body tries to stop you from doing it, so coming to the decision, and moreover actually doing it takes a lot of courage and determination.

Do things get better? Well, what if they fucking DON'T? For years, I keep hoping to get to a better life, to start properly enjoying it, but it just doesn't work out. I even moved to a different country, hoping for a new(and better) life. Truth be told, I'm just not meant to live a good life. I don't know, maybe I was a massive asshole in a past life(if that's a thing) and now karma is working its way.

People are so hypocritical, I swear. They all use the "my body, my choice" argument to support transgender people(and more others, but this was the first that came into my mind), yet they fail to acknowledge that this principle works exactly the same for suicidal people. I never asked for this. If(well, obviously hypothetically speaking) I could have gotten a choice whether to be born or not, I might have just said no, so I should have a right to end my miserable existence whenever the hell I want. After all, I have a RIGHT to live, not an obligation to do so. Huge difference.

*edit*: In all fairness, I have to admit that there are situations in which suicide is kind of a dick move. For example, if you have children which still depend on you, killing yourself would more or less ruin their future. So yes, in that case, I disagree with suicide. However, I'm single and I don't have any kids(or any other person whose life depends on me other than myself), so offing myself would not affect anyone in the end.