I think I'm a sociopath
 

\- I always had "friends" but I never really truly connected to someone, and I always felt that I had to hide my true self from them (or they would think I'm insane)

\- I have a very nihilistic and materialistic worldview, I evaluate everything in darwinian terms, survival of the fittest

\- I stole a toy from a "friend" when I was a child

\- I manipulated my cosein into swaping toys (his toy was clearly superior)

\- I manipulated a girlfriend into getting breast enlargement surgery (I prefer big tits)

\- I have sex mostly with prostitutes. A lot of men say they would not enjoy it because the prostitute doesn't like them / is not attracted to them. For me this point was never important, basically I don't care as long as I get what I want (sex with a hot women)

\- I see most people as dumb and brainwashed sheep who cannot act rationaly

\- I like my family members and don't want harm to happen to them, but I also think a lot how useful they are to me (e.g. I think "I should play nice with my parents or they might disinherit me")

\- I'm very introverted (INTP type personality), I almost never think about people, I only care about abstract stuff like the technloogical singulartiy, AI, stuff like that.

\- When I had a girlfriend I always evaluated them on very shallow criteria (how hot they are, how good the sex is with them)

\- I have a high IQ (mensa measured 138)

I was depressed for a big part of my life, mostly because I could not get hot girls to like me.

But last year I got a huge raise, and now I can afford to buy sex pretty much whenever I want.

This was the first time I felt really joyful and happy, and I also felt like I reached my "deserved" space in society, because I clearly see myself as superior to most people

It was the first time I got feelings of "Man it's good to be me. Thank god I'm not this guy"

This was also the first time I got feelings of "ok so I was depressed because I'm a wolf who tried to fit into a herd of sheep. I should not try to fit in, I have nothing to learn from those idiots"

But I also have some empathic moments, when I was sad about the suffering in the world, I also donated some money. But these moments are extremly infrequent, like once a year.

I can enjoy the company of some people a lot, but I think it's more the mental stimulation they provide to me that I value, I'm not really sure.

I'm also very risk averse, and I have read that most sociopaths are also risk takers.

But I don't see a point in taking risks when there is no possible reward.

So I'm not sure about that one.

I also observed that I act very differently if I know that I'm watched by other people or not. When I'm watched I will do what I think is socially accepted, but when I'm sure I'm not watched I will just do what I think is best for me.

I often ask myself hypothetical questions like "if you could steal a lot of money from someone and you would be 100% sure you could get away with it, would you do it ?" and the answer is always yes.

But often, I just think everyone is like me, and they all just pretend to be social and empathic. I mean how can you be sure?

Do you think I'm one? Or just a very introverted guy?

&#x200B;

Should I try to get an official diagnosis?

But I think if it turns out to be true it might be dangerous that someone would know about it?