The prospect of living at home while going to college instead of living on campus is really bothering me...
So I am just finished Secondary School (High School) and I am about to find out on Wednesday if I got a place in college next year. Just to clarify for those who don't live in Ireland, when you are applying for colleges in Ireland, you don't just apply for the college, but also the specific course you want to do in that college (e.g. Civil Engineering, Environmental Science etc...) and you then go for four years learning everything related to the course you picked. It is not like the U.S where you pick your college and then decide what major you would like some time after you get in.

After lots of thinking I decided I would like to "major" in Astrophysics and that required picking a course in a college where I would not be able to commute from daily, because it is so far away (Dublin, which I live 150 miles from), and I would have to live on campus. Unfortunately my family would not be able to pay me to live away from home. I tried applying for a student loan and a government grant but I was denied both requests. So I decided in the week before the closing date for applications (around the end of June) since there was no way I would be able to afford to go to Dublin and do Astrophysics there that I would apply to my local University (University of Limerick or U.L for short), and then give myself the summer to think things through and decide for sure what I would do. The problem with U.L is that it does not have any specific course "Astrophysics", or really any Physics course that is purely science. The closest related course is called Applied Physics and that is the course that I applied for at the end of last June, but it is more engineering related then science related so I'm not even sure if it would be worth my time going there if it doesn't get me where I want to go.

The other Problem is that if I go to my local university I must live at home. It is the combination of problem number one, which is that I have to do a course which will probably not take me to Astrophysics and problem number two, that I may have to live at home for the next four years while commuting to college that is really bothering me. I live in a small village 30 minutes form the college, and I feel that If I don't live inside I will miss out on so much. I think /u/jadenray64's comment [HERE ](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1h83c4/what_is_the_worst_permanent_life_decision_that/cartv86)sums up my thoughts on what it will be like living at home. There is really not much here for me in this village I live in, and although I love my family, my home and my village I feel as though I will begin to hate it if I live here for the next four years. 

I guess my options are to A, just go to college in U.L (A = last resort) or B take a gap year and try to save up some money so I can maybe go to college next year. I've done some calculations though and the money I can possibly save up in a year will only be a fraction of what I need to go and live in college. Couple that with the fact that If I do get a job it will be almost impossible to commute there as I don't have a car or a full license yet, it looks very unlikely that a job is possible but you never know either. Thank you for taking the time to read this, I really needed to get it off my chest.  I would appreciate any advice on what you think I should do, and if anyone knows any subreddits that you think would be a more suitable place to post this just let me know.