Thankful for the chopping block?
(Just giving general background first. **Asking for advice through the bold lettering in the post**. ANY words of wisdom would be very appreciated :) )

My boss pulled me into a meeting today to tell me that my numbers as a salesman aren't quite making the cut. Our company is currently losing money due to Covid and they need to cut some fat on under performers. I started my sales position in February. Definitely a less than optimal time to be calling on cold accounts, lol. When he gave me the news there were a lot of different emotions going through my head: embarrassment, sadness for lost relationships, but most of all relief. I've known since the week I started that cold selling wasn't for me. I love people and connecting with them and sharing similar interests, but the idea of calling someone's personal cell phone during a pandemic and asking them to make a huge and expensive commitment to our services caused intense anxiety every day.

Sales just wasn't for me, and that's okay. I'm 22 and this is my first career out of school. The original purpose of the job was to move to another state (mission accomplished!) and I'll always be thankful for the opportunity, professional development, and relationships that have been created along the way.

**My problem lies in finding a new position. I have absolutely no idea what I want to do/what I'm qualified for.**

I got my degree in Communication Studies because everyone told me I was good at talking to people and so my dumb 18 year old brain translated that into the wisest degree path. 120 credits on communication theory and a years worth of professional recruiting/sales experience later I'm sitting here twiddling my thumbs wondering what job I would possibly enjoy/be qualified for. I've heard the term "you just have to see what jobs are out there" a million times from friends and loved ones. I go looking and don't see anything that appeals to me. Something that my previous company emphasized was finding the "why" in what you do. I love the idea, but it's something that I've struggled finding the answer to for my entire life. I always fly by the seat of my pants and do things because they feel good in the moment. I have never sat down and said "I want to be a \*insert occupation\* because I want to \*insert personal value\*." Just isn't how my brain operates. I just don't want to end up in a position where I find another job I don't care about and repeat this process.

**I am a recent college graduate with a BA in Communication. I am very extroverted and huge on interpersonal relationship development. My work experience has persisted of Human Resources Training, Recruiting, Sales, and Entertainment jobs. I have no idea what I want to do or why I want to do the things I choose to. Seeking advice on finding purpose in work, job recommendations, or any thoughts that run through your head after reading this.**

If you have any additional questions about my background or intent I'm happy to answer. Thanks!