I'm a manager and I don't know why but working for just profit feels wrong, can you help me out?
I have tried to conceptualize wtf is wrong with my situation, but I don't really know. I think at the core of it is that as a manager I am consistently told I should be doing what brings the most profit for the business, but yet I feel like sometimes doing what is most profitable is also being a dick to my employees. Exploiting them as much as possible is the most profitable for the company.

I feel like my boss is not a person who seeks to pay people for the work they put in. He seeks to avoid giving raises as long as possible until his hand is forced, which is shitty because its basically him trying to exploit you as much as possible for as cheap of pay as possible EVEN when he recognizes value.

So my problem is two fold:

1. My perspective makes me feel like my boss relatively takes advantage of labor surplus to exploit workers for pay. We are being paid way less than him yet take on nearly just as much stress for our work. He takes trips to europe constantly.

2. The system of competing companies encourages us to under pay everyone in order to have the most future investment. Future value at the cost of current people and their happiness in their lives. How is that fair to the people of today?

I'm being pressured to ask for a higher quality of work from my employees when I already think they are underpaid and that they won't get raises even if they do more. How can I sit there and tell them to do more when they already seem underpaid to me? Hell minimum wage buys so little. The thing is, capitalism seems to be a big game of who can skeet their workers hardest. On the one hand, my current owner of the company I manage for makes too much and does too little. Frankly it is not good for a company to overpay anyone because long term profits go down from a lack of investment. How is it that every company can underpay all of their employees and that be whats best? 

Like these kinds of things don't even make sense to me in a moral sense. How can it be moral for us all to be underpaid? I'm just so confused when I think about business. How is it that my employees lives blow and yet I am still being asked to ask more of them?? Someone please explain that too me. I sit in my room trying to conceptualize it all and it feels like every time I think about it I'm just getting lost. Like I cant even sort it all out because none of it makes any sense. Why is our society this way?? If my workers are being underpaid in my opinion, yet globally others are willing to do the work for less, than I need to be getting more out of them. Yet they are already miserable. I am asking them to be more miserable. It is miserable.

How is it that my boss can take home a big fat stack of cash and that be fair? I just don't get it. How can bezos be paid 100000 per hour and it be fair? His work could not POSSIBLY be THAT stressful. Talent is being made happy and yet we are claiming that by paying talent it is intrinsically worth it to us. It's worth it to overpay Bezos because we get our value back? How could that be possible?

I can't even freaking figure out if my employees are overpaid or underpaid because they are miserable and life sucks on minimum wage in the US, yet people across the globe are willing to do their job for drastically less because they have never known better. It just makes no sense. How can my employees be broke nearly 24/7 and yet I need to be asking them to do more work than what they are doing?

I want to help people. I don't want to live a happier life than anyone else, but I don't know how to evaluate what is fair I guess. I have noticed how if you give people an inch they take a mile. They always accept handouts because many are not in it to be fair, they are in it for themselves. They don't give back when someone is too generous. But in order for me to not be too generous, I need to be putting a dollar amount on their work and idk how in my workplace because I dont think the work is worth it for the pay, but apparently it is? It's just I get confused. I'm trying to get fight some sort of unfairness I seem to perceive in the world and the people who have so little but I can't pinpoint what the unfairness is exactly. It seems like the market is supposed to accurately pay people right? Its like...is there even something to be done? If so what?