Graduate Certificate? or Associates? (Post-Bachelors)
So I graduated from a below-average state university on the west coast of the USA last May 2019. I graduated with a finance degree and a 3.59 GPA. I only had one unrelated internship during a summer years ago in the engineering field. I took some time off for the summer and fall to travel with family and learn some new coding languages like SQL. I started my job hunt on new year's day this year and as I expected, the search has been brutal. Over 50 applications sent out to analyst and accountant jobs in my city and only one interview for a credit analyst at a regional bank has crossed paths with so far. I'm in the final running for 3 positions on that one but I'm not going to hold my breathe until I get an offer letter. I'm already regretting not doing a double major and I'm already thinking deeply about going back to school.

All the advisors at my alma mater are pushing me towards MBA and other Master's programs but I feel that's all just a sales pitch for more of my money. I really rather not get a full fledged masters degree without any work experience as I would just dig myself deeper into the over-qualified hole. I just want to dive into more accounting or something data related in MIS or Information Management to broaden my skills. I have three options laid out in front of me and I was wondering if any redditors can help a fella make a more informed decision:

1. A graduate certificate at my university in MIS (4 grad-level courses about Big Data)
2. An associates in accounting at the local community college (only 5 courses past basic accounting)
3. An associates in software/database technology at the same community college (11 courses involving oracle, SQL, java & other programming)

\#1 is the only step above my bachelors. #2 is the fastest and cheapest option. #3 would give me the biggest boost in technical skills. These are all my cost effective options and I guess **my main question** up for debate is **which is more valuable after completing a bachelors? A graduate certificate? or an associates degree?**