I did it.... (Trigger Warning: Suicidal Ideation, Suicidal Gestures, Hospitalization)
TLDR at End

I have been passively suicidal for some time. Lately, it had become more active; I was making suicidal gestures nightly as a coping skill to deal with my depression, anxiety, and burnout due to the amount of stress I was under. 

Last Monday night, I took it a step further and tried to end my life by strangulation. I obviously failed, but I felt strange... unfulfilled? I didn’t sleep that night; I just cried. 

Tuesday I went into work and we were testing the fire alarms while I was training new employees. I just got this sudden, overpowering urge to kill myself because of the stress and noise and my disappointment in myself for the previous night’s failure. I also got a snap of lucidity. I blurted out to my office manager “I need to go to the hospital” and left work. 

When I got to the ER, and was standing at the front desk, the triage nurse asked me what brought me in. I looked at her and just said “I am having a mental breakdown” and started sobbing uncontrollably. They immediately brought me back to the safe observation room, had me do a urine screen and drew some of my dehydrated blood. They had me strip and put me in safety clothes (paper patient scrubs) and the ER doc came and interviewed me first. 

The ER doc decided I needed a psych evaluation, which lead to a psych nurse basically asking me questions about what was going on. At some point she asked my observer to get me some tissues, and I just started laughing. Uncontrollably. The nurse looked troubled by this. She asked if that was normal for me and I said yes, especially when I was really stressed and anxious. 

She started to explain that the hospital had two programs for psych emergency treatment; full or partial hospitalization. It was her job to advise the doctor on which treatment I should receive. She told me that she decided they were going to place me in full hospitalization. I asked if I had a choice in this matter and she just said “No, as of this moment we have a court order for your involuntary admission to the psych unit on a 72 hour hold. We are just waiting for the unit transfer to go through.”

I just kind of chuckled and said “that’s fair.”

The three days went by slowly. No tech, no outside contact. Just treatment groups (I painted a recipe box, drew a picture of a tree, learnt about the anger cycle and learnt waaaay too much about myself), mealtimes (we got a choice of what we wanted, within reason... and no sharp edges), and meeting with doctors, social workers and your assigned nurse. 

At the end of my involuntary hold, they asked if I was ready to be discharged from inpatient, and I said yes. 4 hours later I was released to the world, but not fully from the hospital. I was placed in partial hospitalization: weekdays I have to check into the program at 7:30, and get out at 3. They are further refining my meds as well as having me attend group therapy and occupational therapies and such. I have my first full day of PHP on Monday. 

I always avoided seeking help. When I went to the hospital, I had truly given up. They were nothing but nice to me, and being cared for gave me hope for the future. 

If you feel suicidal or self harmful, it can be hard and scary to go to the hospital. The cost can seem prohibitive. The social stigma can be repulsive. Admitting you need help can seem impossible. 

I’m not paying for my hospitalization or PHP; the hospital has a grant program if your earned income is below a certain threshold. No one knows why you are there (or if you even are there) unless you tell them or give the staff permission. And if you are on this board... you have already admitted you need help. 

I have learnt a lot the past several days. I entered with an open heart and nothing to loose, and grew because of it. Please, consider going to the hospital. 

TLDR: Tried suicide for the hundredth time, had mental breakdown, admitted myself to the hospital, got better.