Why am I expected to sit and do nothing all day?
I'm on my 3rd corporate job and I make a lot of money as a statistical programmer in finance. I have about $100k in student loans that I am already aggressively paying down, but getting to a net worth of $0 is going to take about 3 years. 

In every job I've had (1 consulting, 2 finance), I probably have 1-2 hours of real work to do each day but I am expected to keep the chair warm from 9 to 6. My team doesn't work in the same city as me, so I don't really understand why I need to be in the office. I've tried to create my own projects in every job, but (1) we are a regulatory function and there isn't much to add; and (2) I'm there to complete work that needs done, not dream up time-wasting projects to look busy with. 

The people in my office are on other teams so we don't have anything to talk about. They are also in very different life stages than me. We say hi but that's about it.

The usual advice in this situation seems to be "use that free time to study for your next job." Well I have been studying for the past 3 years post-grad, and that's exactly how I got this job. It's just going to get me into a different variant of this situation. Let me know which jobs don't require 9-6 desk sitting for statistical modelers and I'll definitely start studying.

I don't want to sit at a desk doing nothing all day. It's pointless, unhealthy, and rather lonely. My reviews are positive as when there is work, I do it quickly and with good quality. There just isn't enough work. 

This results in me trying to look busy all day when I'm really staring into space. I don't want another job in my field because they are all the like this (I'm on my 3rd one now) and I don't want to switch fields because I'd likely end up in the same situation for a lot less pay. 

**I want to work but there doesn't seem to be any worthwhile work to be done.** I am a bored, soulless desk sitter waiting for 6. 

EDIT: I can't work remotely. It is discouraged on my team and in my field. Ironic, because we are geographically dispersed, so we are all technically remote, we just have to sit in the office and listen to that guy Steve's fucking theories about who's making it to the playoffs and his cell phone arguments with his wife.