Please read this if you have the time.
I'm really hoping somebody sees this, even if that seems selfish.

Maybe this isn't the right place for this. I'm new to this whole Reddit thing, so I was pretty shocked when I found this subreddit. the world is pretty crazy these days, I guess. I have no clue how many people will see this, or if anyone will see it, but I just need a place to vent. So, here's a not-so-short summary of my entire life story.

I was born at a very young age in Korea to a woman and a man (who already had another child, my sister) in a crippling amount of debt. I moved to Canada after a couple of years of living in Korea, my father's irresponsible investments and petty crime following us from across the globe.

I was four when my mother hit me for the first time. I don't remember the particular instance, but it was then for sure. To me, it seemed as if my mother would go out of her way to hit me whenever the opportunity arose. ANY opportunity at all. She would beat me senseless for not cleaning my room or eating too slow, or whatever other trivial matter she felt like punishing me for. There have been far too many instances in my life so far, where I, an innocent child, has cowered at the hands of her mother, thinking it was the end. She has made me fear for my life on numerous accounts.

I was in the third grade when I called my mom a bitch for the first and last time. I just remember being so insanely frustrated with the way she treated me, and the way she was so much more accepting and lax when it came to disciplining my older sister. I muttered it with seething anger on my way out the door that day. She called the school I was attending at the time and told them I was "sick". She kept me home and beat me with a metal music stand, aiming for my head, my throat, and just about anywhere else she figured she could land a blow. This went on until my barely present father came home from work. I was sent to school the next day, being given a kiss before I left as if the day before had never happened.

My school performance was never awful. in fact, it was more the opposite. I was considered somewhat of a child prodigy. School was the one place I felt I could truly thrive, if ever. I did have what I would consider seriously awful behaviour in school, as I would lash out at other children with the same violent tendencies as my mother. This was not brought to anybody's attention, so for a very long time, which means it was not corrected until much later in my life.

The (abusive?) cycle kept going the way it was, with her beating the shit out of me for the sake of discipline, and then acting if she was some sort of saint the very next day, with not even a hint of guilt or remorse on her face. I remember being in the fourth grade, sick of being "disciplined". I picked up our landline and looked her in the eye,

"I'm going to call the police and tell them everything you do to me." And she said,"Go ahead, nobody is going to help you." I felt completely defeated. There was no help for me. There was no escape. Even at the tender age of 9, I started to feel as if there was no escape but death. I felt as if I couldn't talk to anyone about this. 'Mom would probably hit me again.' 'Dad is never home.' ' I know she wouldn't get it.' I knew that if I talked about it at school, that legal troubles were sure to ensue, so I kept my mouth shut for a long time.

Another memorable instance happened in the fifth grade, when my mother fell insanely ill out of nowhere. we were at the pool. She seemed to be completely fine just moments before, but now she was seemingly dying in a changing stall, telling me to get her help over and over again. And I didn't. Call me a heathen. I stood right in front of the stall door and prayed with all my heart and soul that she would just die and leave me alone. She didn't. Some days I still wish that she did.

Fast forward just a little more. There I was, a tender 11, resentful and bitter at the world. I didn't give a shit about anything. I just wanted it to be over. My school performance started to slip, I just couldn't understand like I could before. Anything and Everything was insanely distracting, and I took to watching anime and gameplay videos as a means of escape from the world. Somehow, my hungover teacher would still find any excuse to give me a good mark, and I was still considered a prodigy, despite my near fail scores. I couldn't do math to save my life, but because of the way I was treated, I would chant to myself 'at least I'm smart' to make me feel better about it all. I was accepted into an academic challenge program for junior high, which only further inflated my ego.

When I got to my brand new school, I realized a couple of things: 1. Years of being violent towards my peers left me completely unapproachable. 2. I had extreme trust issues. 3. I was fucking stupid compared to my peers. I so badly wanted junior high to be my break, my way out. I wanted so badly for everything to get better. But I couldn't make any new friends (probably because I was terrifying, we're talking descriptive death threats left and right) and my academics were not improving at all. Focusing was near impossible. I couldn't ever shut my mouth. Everyone hated me. I was at an all time low, and I still didn't have a single soul to tell this to. I couldn't trust those kids at school, they'd hand me over to the police like I was nothing. I never wanted that. I desperately wanted to put my past behind me. My mom had stopped beating me (only after figuring that her multiple illnesses made her weaker than I was) but it still felt as if she would strike again at any moment. I was living on edge at home and school. I managed to raise myself a little, teaching myself to trust little by little. Teaching myself what was morally acceptable. Anything to make me even one friend.

Eighth grade was somewhat of a breeze. I had friends, and people seemed to no longer think I was terrifying. But of course, in a cruel world such as this, nothing can ever be completely good. my grades were slipping hard. I procrastinated to the end of my life, and every assignment I handed in was complete shit. Things didn't really improve family wise either. My mom would be pissed at me if I was sick and bedridden, since that's an inconvenience to her. My dad was drunk every single day and my sister was starting to become a second mother. Definitely not ideal, but I would fight my way through it. look at what I had already overcome!

Ninth grade. shit. I realized that people didn't actually like me. To everyone, I was just a background character, nothing more than a forgettable nobody. I felt invisible, like I was talking and people just didn't even care that I was there. This is also the year I was diagnosed with ADHD. Family didn't take it well, or rather they just didn't take it. None of them have really bothered to look into ADHD at all, nobody asked the doctor any questions, none. Zip. Nada. My parents don't give a damn. They've made no means to learn about it. They just pump me full of what's essentially meth as medication and hope I shut the fuck up. They don't reprimand my older sister calling me retarded at any given chance. Nothing. It's awful knowing that because of this, I'll never be normal. Nevertheless, I kept working towards self improvement. I was making good progress. I really thought I had a shot at getting better and fully escaping my past-

nope. quarantine. I'm stuck at home with my family. My mom has definitely calmed down, but I know that deep down she resents me. Now, my sister is my biggest enemy. She truly is my second mother. She belittles me constantly, insulting me and disregarding me. Worst of all, she pretends she's a fucking saint, just like my mother. When I confront her about the things she does, all I get is a

"No I don't, I don't have any idea what you're talking about!" And then she just keeps on hanging around in my room pretending like we're best friends, as if she didn't call me a defective retard the other day.

And here I am now, washed up at 14, unable to recover from my past. Broken forever. Defective. Stupid. Unmotivated. Invisible to the world. I want to end it all. I have nothing to lose. I am nothing. I purposefully omitted my current age until the end of the post because I didn't want people to think I was a "sad girl" or just a typical teenager. The more I read this though, the more I'm starting to think I am just stupid teenager who needs to be disregarded. My feelings are invalid. I hate myself.

If anyone is really out here, and I'm not completely invisible, please say something. I don't want to be alone anymore. I don't think I can do this anymore. I don't want to be alone anymore. Please.