Help! Any advice for me? Nearly 40, looking to start over.
Hello, reddit.  I'm here looking for as many people's opinions as I can get, and hopefully even some specific advice as to what I should do with my life.  I'll be 39 years old next month (seems like I was 25 yesterday), and it's time for me to make a big change.  My problem is, I have never had many interests that were a driving force or a passion in terms of career, and I have never had any particular skillset that is advanced enough to consider unique or particularly desirable to employers.  

A summarized description of my work history up to this point is as follows:

I started working at a very young age, and have always been a valued employee at any job I've ever had.  At around 21 years old I started working off the books running a coffee truck route in New York (where I currently reside).  I made a large amount of money doing that, but I was young, foolish, and of the mindset that the money train would never stop, so I spent wildly. Eventually, the business began to deteriorate due to many factors outside of my control, but it basically began a decline into obsolescence due to an industry wide refusal to change and adapt with the times.  I continued this job for 13 years.  That's 13 years of working completely off the books, without benefits or any form of retirement investments, as well as several years at the end which were rough enough financially to wipe out anything I had in savings at the time.  During those last years I did decide to go to college however, and I pursued a bachelors in psychology.  I naively took loans out every semester, and never graduated.  In fact I dropped out with just one course left to complete my degree program.  My current job, which I've had since the end of my stint as a coffee truck driver, is in the marine transportation industry.  I got the job, with no background in the field, via the recommendation of a friend.  The job pays very well for someone without a degree (over 100k), and I've managed to learn quite a bit in the 4 years I've been here.  My problem is, I don't like it, and I feel it's not going to last.  Not going to last for several reasons, including but not limited to the fact that the company may actually fold within the coming year due to an astoundingly bad couple of years marred with incidents and loss of business.  I should also mention that my time here doesn't really qualify me for work in the same field with different companies, because it's very specific to this particular company.  In addition, the pay for comparable jobs at similar companies pay about half of what I'm making now.   I'm trying to come up with a "what next" plan and I'm really struggling.


I feel I'm a very competent person, and I don't feel limited by my ability to learn any new job/skill.  But I'm almost 40.  I need a job that pays well, and that I'm interested in enough to want to stay for good.  I would also ideally like to find a job which allows me the flexibility to travel (I've held jobs for my entire life that have been extremely inflexible in terms of taking days off), but I understand that I can't make that priority number one.  I should mention that although I am swimming in student debt, I would consider going back to school (for no longer than 2 years), if the resulting potential job paid well enough for me to live comfortably and pay off my debt.  As I've said, my interests are varied and I do feel confident that I could learn most anything, but if it means anything at all I've always been incredibly fascinated by insects, traveling, plants and animals. I am also open to moving almost anywhere, including out of the country if that's what it takes. 


Thanks for listening, reddit.  Hope that all came across as intended.