Annoyed with training new coworker...am I being unfair?
I work at a makeup company that has gone through a lot of changes in the past month with multiple employees quitting, leaving me as the only copywriter with double the workload. As background, I am the social media copywriter responsible for all the social media captions, giveaways, YouTube descriptions and everything related to online presence. Meanwhile my boss - who just quit - was the Marketing Copywriter and wrote product descriptions, sales, ad copy and more. However, I would often help out with her duties so I'm trained on all of it.

This week they hired a new Marketing Copywriter with 25+ years of experience, although none in makeup or e-commerce. I was fine with this and figured she would be a big help to me, until I found out I had to train her since I'm the only copywriter left in the company. 

It's been an absolute nightmare. I've tried my best to explain the work to her, but she just isn't getting it. She keeps asking the same questions over and over when I've answered them multiple times, or asking about things that aren't even relevant. "Why can't I see this copy in the email?" "Why does it do that?" "Is that right?" She also has no clue how to use technology. She straight up asked me how to start a new document on Google Drive - which is how we communicate at work - and doesn't understand the concept of sharing files. She doesn't understand Basecamp, Slack, anything.

Even when it comes to writing she's pretty mediocre. For instance, a recent sale had a theme of sparkly makeup and summer and she asked me "How do we write it with a double theme like that?" This woman has been a copywriter for as long as I've been alive, so I don't know why I'm the one giving her writing advice.

I really don't want to sound bitchy because I know she's trying, but training her is adding to my already huge workload and I feel like she just isn't getting it. My main questions are.... is it normal for me to be training her? Like I said...she's 48 and has been a copywriter for two decades while I'm 25 and have been one for barely a year. Shouldn't a manager be the one doing the training? It's gotten to the point where I'm having trouble finishing my own work and am constantly interrupted by her questions. Is this normal? Am I just being bitchy? What should I do about this?