Just got "dumped" via Facebook status.
Bit of a complicated story but I don't blame you if you don't read it. 
So there's this girl who I met just before Christmas, we talked a lot on Facebook and I asked her out eventually - we decided to give dating a go. 
We've both been dealing with a lot of issues so things had been bumpy, and at some point in late January she just stopped returning all my calls and messages, stonewalling me. 
I went through all kinds of states but she's been known to just shut people out when she's dealing with stuff so after talking to a mutual friend I decided to just let her know I'd like to talk things over. We talked, got along well, I asked her at the very end what she thought was gonna happen with "us". She kind of dodged the question, said stuff like " I want to be friends but..." etc, basically giving me the impression she needed more time. Over the next few weeks I wrecked my brain and heart trying to come to terms with my feelings for her, eventually deciding that I did love her but would try to go with whatever she felt. Now just about an hour ago on Facebook I saw a relationship status update saying she had been in a relationship with someone else for about a month. She didn't tell me when we talked. She's been ignoring my questions on the matter for ages, despite me being really clear on just wanting an answer for matters of closure. She previously told me she wouldn't just break things off when it didn't work out, but would talk things through. She's also ignored my calls and messages just now. 
Oh and add to that that I'm also dealing with depressions, I'm in my final term of my final year of uni, exams are in two weeks and I got a deadline for my MSci thesis which is maybe a third done on Monday. And I feel like I just want to drink myself senseless, go out and walk until I drop or just bash my head into a wall. She got my hopes up and then stabbed me in the back. I have no idea what I even should do. If you made it through the story of my misery until here... Thanks for reading. I just hope writing this will help me get it off my mind.