Help Share Info on Research Study on Men Who Survived Sexual Violence During College
My name is Dr. Dan Tillapaugh, and I am a faculty member in the Higher Education program at the University of Maine. In the information below, I have provided some further insights about my research study on men who have survived sexual violence and/or coercion in college over the past 10 years.

Background of the Study: Issues of sexual violence at colleges and universities within the United States have been prominent in the media for many years. However, in recent years, increased attention and enforcement of Title IX and governmental oversight has shown a bright spotlight on the issue for many colleges and universities. As a result, campus administrators have devoted greater efforts at education and outreach on issues of sexual violence on campus. Yet, much of the conversation around gender-based or sexual violence tends to reinforce the fallacy that women are the only victims of sexual violence on college campuses.

Purpose of the Study: This study aims to understand the experiences of men (either cisgender or transgender) who have survived sexual violence and/or coercion during their college experience (this could be during one’s undergraduate or graduate school experiences) within the past 10 years (between 2005-2015). In particular, this study aims to understand their experiences in reporting (or deciding not to report such violence), the support (or lack thereof) they received from campus administrators, faculty, peers, and families, and what resources, services, and initiatives they wish campus administrators would know about men who are survivors of sexual violence on campus.

Procedure: Individuals who wish to participate will be interviewed twice, with each interview taking approximately one hour, during the summer and fall of 2015. These interviews will be conducted with the researcher via phone or by Skype, whichever the participant prefers. Additionally, participants will be invited to an optional online focus group in spring 2016 following initial data analysis. Given the sensitive nature of the topic, participants are welcome to have a support person (such as a close friend or family member) with them during the interviews. In all parts of the study, you can choose to skip any questions that you would prefer not to answer. You can also stop your participation in the study at any time without judgment or question.

Contact Information: To learn more about this study or to express interest in participating, please visit my research study website at www.cmsvsurvivors.com or you can e-mail me directly at daniel.tillapaugh@gmail.com

Your help is much appreciated in spreading the word about this study.  Please consider sharing the link (www.cmsvsurvivors.com) on your social media sites and also to professionals on your campus (such as Title IX Coordinators, health and wellness professionals) who might also be willing to share it with others.  Thanks so much for any and all help you can provide!