What are the implications of Hillary Clinton's foreign policy principles in Syria and their effect on the American-Russian relationship? How do they differ from Obama's?
This is the transcript of Hillary Clinton's key comments in the debate about about Russia's actions in Syria, as reported by various news sources http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/10/us/politics/transcript-second-debate.html

>Well, the situation in Syria is catastrophic. And every day that goes by, we see the results of the regime by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground, the Russians in the air, bombarding places, in particular Aleppo, where there are hundreds of thousands of people, probably about 250,000 still left. And there is a determined effort by the Russian air force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime.

>Russia hasn’t paid any attention to ISIS. They’re interested in keeping Assad in power. So I, when I was secretary of state, advocated and I advocate today a no-fly zone and safe zones. We need some leverage with the Russians, because they are not going to come to the negotiating table for a diplomatic resolution, unless there is some leverage over them. And we have to work more closely with our partners and allies on the ground.

>But I want to emphasize that what is at stake here is the ambitions and the aggressiveness of Russia. Russia has decided that it’s all in, in Syria. And they’ve also decided who they want to see become president of the United States, too, and it’s not me. I’ve stood up to Russia. I’ve taken on Putin and others, and I would do that as president.

>I think wherever we can cooperate with Russia, that’s fine. And I did as secretary of state. That’s how we got a treaty reducing nuclear weapons. It’s how we got the sanctions on Iran that put a lid on the Iranian nuclear program without firing a single shot. So I would go to the negotiating table with more leverage than we have now. But I do support the effort to investigate for crimes, war crimes committed by the Syrians and the Russians and try to hold them accountable.


>RADDATZ: I’m going to go to Secretary Clinton. Secretary Clinton, you want Assad to go. You advocated arming rebels, but it looks like that may be too late for Aleppo. You talk about diplomatic efforts. Those have failed. Cease-fires have failed. Would you introduce the threat of U.S. military force beyond a no-fly zone against the Assad regime to back up diplomacy?

>I would not use American ground forces in Syria. I think that would be a very serious mistake. I don’t think American troops should be holding territory, which is what they would have to do as an occupying force. I don’t think that is a smart strategy.

>I do think the use of special forces, which we’re using, the use of enablers and trainers in Iraq, which has had some positive effects, are very much in our interests, and so I do support what is happening, but let me just…


There are various accusations against the Russians, such as not targeting ISIS, targeting civilians and a call for a no fly zone in Syria. 

The no fly zone is a particularly thorny issue since Hillary claims that there won't be ground troops. Additionally, previous precedent has USA seeking international approval in declaring a no fly zone through the UN security council. The UN has the authority to declare a no fly zone, as it did in Libya, and yet as Russia is a member of the security council with a veto, and the Russians are already in Syria, I am not sure how a no fly zone can be followed.

This article that talks from the perspective of what Russians are worried about and gives more the Russian perspective.

https://foreignpolicy.com/2016/09/07/the-kremlin-really-believes-that-hillary-clinton-will-start-a-war-with-russia-donald-trump-vladimir-putin/

It sees that no fly zone is euphemism for shooting Russian planes. Another way to see the no fly zone, as Hillary Clinton argues is that by following a more assertive pollicy, the USA will have more leverage, and force Russia in negotiations.

Julianne Smith who works for Hillary Clinton's working group for Russia and Europe argued that a no fly zone wouldn't necessarily be implemented by shooting at Russian planes but by forcibly grounding Syrian planes. http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/09/22/hillary-clintons-new-colder-cold-war-russia-putin-election/

In the last debate Hillary Clinton was asked about what would she do differently than Obama in Syria:
 
>RADDATZ: But what would you do differently than President Obama is doing?

CLINTON: Well, Martha, I hope that by the time I — if I’m fortunate...

>CLINTON: I hope by the time I am president that we will have pushed ISIS out of Iraq. I do think that there is a good chance that we can take Mosul. And, you know, Donald says he knows more about ISIS than the generals. No, he doesn’t.

>There are a lot of very important planning going on, and some of it is to signal to the Sunnis in the area, as well as Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, that we all need to be in this. And that takes a lot of planning and preparation.

>I would go after Baghdadi. I would specifically target Baghdadi, because I think our targeting of Al Qaida leaders — and I was involved in a lot of those operations, highly classified ones — made a difference. So I think that could help.

>I would also consider arming the Kurds. The Kurds have been our best partners in Syria, as well as Iraq. And I know there’s a lot of concern about that in some circles, but I think they should have the equipment they need so that Kurdish and Arab fighters on the ground are the principal way that we take Raqqa after pushing ISIS out of Iraq.

Another source on information for the differences in Obama's and Hillary's approaches is this very long article about Obama's foreign pollicy in the Antlantic. The article, called Obama's doctrine is an invaluable source for getting some insight into Obama's perspective. http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2016/04/the-obama-doctrine/471525/

Quoting from it,

>Hillary Clinton, when she was Obama’s secretary of state, argued for an early and assertive response to Assad’s violence. In 2014, after she left office, Clinton told me that “the failure to help build up a credible fighting force of the people who were the originators of the protests against Assad … left a big vacuum, which the jihadists have now filled.” When The Atlantic published this statement, and also published Clinton’s assessment that “great nations need organizing principles, and ‘Don’t do stupid stuff’ is not an organizing principle,” Obama became “rip-shit angry,” according to one of his senior advisers