A girl I know told me she's going to kill herself [fairly long]
The things is, I don't know if I believe her. Before you tell me how cruel that sounds and how awful that is, let me state my case.


So, a few months ago, a started working with this girl in the theater program at my school. She seemed really fun at first, and I was actually really attracted to her. I started giving her rides home, and we'd make out a little bit here and there. She informed me, after a while, that she had cancer, and that she's been receiving treatment her whole life. Leukemia. I was shocked, but was surprised at how chill she was about it. Then we didn't talk about it all that much. The cancer, I mean. I'd ask her how chemo was going this or that day, and she'd tell me it was rough, so I'd try my best to cheer her up.


After a while, she really started to get on my nerves. She started to gossip about me behind my back, and tried to do the same thing with me about other people. That's something I have trouble with, because I've had bad experiences with gossip, and it just pisses me off. So I'd tell her how I felt, and she'd respond with something like, "Oh you know me...just a nosy girl!" Then she'd giggle like it was nonchalant. 
She never stopped. She kept on with it, and was always very, very dramatic about everything. She also became extremely hypocritical. She'd claim to be a perfectionist, and then, when I'd ask her o go over lines with me, she'd act very annoyed and say no, we didn't need to do that.


But I still liked her. She was still a lot of fun, and quite nice if you could get past her gossiping issues. SO we kept going with our little fling. And it was fun, for the most part. The only other thing that got to me was that she was always VERY flirty with other guys. But I figured I couldn't be too upset, cause we were never officially dating.


Just last week, I told myself I was going to ask her out officially. The, I shit you not, DAY I was going to, a mutual friend of hers and mine approached me and asked why he heard that I'd been kissing this girl at a party the weekend before. I din't know what to say. I asked him why that was a problem, and he told me he'd been dating her for a while. 


I've been fucking livid the past few days. I haven't answered her calls, facebook messages, or emails. She's been asking and asking me to get in contact with her so she could "fix the problem." I said fuck it and have been leaving her high and dry.


Today, I got an email from her that, again, asked me to call her. But then she told me that she'd found out her cancer was terminal, and that she'd probably see her 17th birthday, but that was probably it. Then she told me that she's been telling all her closest friends that she's going to kill herself before it happens, and has sworn them to secrecy.


I don't know if I believe it, because this is the kind of girl who may *actually* lie about something like that. But I do know for a fact that she has cancer. I've been trying to get in contact with her, and am now as well. When I do talk to her...what the fuck do I say? I've been practicing my "fuck you" speech, and then she drops this emotion bomb on me out of nowhere. This is a person's life. And her may take it before her time. Do I tell her parents? No? Even believe her? What? I don't know what to do. This is the first time I've ever been in a situation like this. Help, please.