Spent 14 years of my life to become a Physician Assistant and now I'm expected to clean bathrooms at the office. What should I do?
FYI, I am posting on behalf of my fiance since she doesn't use reddit. I do not want to be too specific. But she works at a major hospital in the states with 4 hospital buildings and a lot of small specialist. She is currently working in a selective surgery field and works in a practice with another pa, 4 doctors, and a few medical assistants and receptionists. They have put the 2 PAs on a rotation with the rest of the office (except the doctors) to clean the office bathrooms more regularly since they will start seeing patients in office for the first time since covid started. They have janitors , but need to wipe it down frequently and for some reason the office manager thought it would be a good idea to make a rotation.  

I just want to say that there is nothing wrong with cleaning bathrooms or janitorial work at all. We both believe no one in that office should be cleaning the bathrooms except for the cleaning staff. She is not working at a small practice and the actual office is located in a large 4 story building all owned by the hospital. They bring millions in every month ekth the surgeries. I was surprised when she told me earlier today and I couldn't believe it. Do they expect her to take off her white coat and start wiping down the bathroom? How is this even safe? When someone is a janitor, they are not expected to exam patients with the same clothes they just cleaned the bathroom in. Just so you know her scope, she does everything the doctors do. She will see a patient pre-op, post-op, help with surgery , and is the main care taker when following the patient long term (up to a few years post op depending on the patient) 

What should her next move be? I told her not to quit especially now and there is no way they can fire her for refusing to clean bathrooms. Would that even be legally possible? 

(Sorry for the typos, English isn't my 1st language)