This sub has been toxic lately
I recently deleted my old profile on here because I just couldn’t deal with all the toxic people on this sub anymore. I cannot believe how many [r/niceguys](https://www.reddit.com/r/niceguys), [r/incels](https://www.reddit.com/r/incels), etc. have infected this place. So many disgusting comments getting upvoted and decent, reasonable people being harassed and attacked for saying things like “no, women don’t owe you, or any guy, anything.”

I feel like the user base here is highly skewed towards “thirsty dudes looking for the magic secret to getting laid/getting a girlfriend,” and that unfortunately leads to a tendency for this crowd to default to always take a rejected guy’s side in any situation, regardless of context. Since they really want (and think they deserve… cringe) more chances in their own lives, “give the guy a chance” is always their default answer. I’ve seen tons of posts where a woman describes all kinds of creepy, cringe-y, stalker-y, even rape-y behavior… and oftentimes the mob *stil*l takes the guy’s side and attacks the woman for “being mean to the poor guy and not giving him a chance.” I see this kind of mentality other places around reddit too. Any time the obvious answer to how to deal with a shitty person engaging in all kinds of awful and inappropriate behavior is “don’t put up with it and kick them out,” a bunch of people will complain about how that’s “unfair,” and that it’s “immature” of them to not put up with other peoples’ bad behavior. Or they act like if someone is acting inappropriately and making everyone around them uncomfortable, that it’s somehow everyone else’s responsibility to teach another adult basic social skills (or be a “dating coach”). In light of this, I have to think that a lot of these people rabidly defending “the creepy guy” or “the friend no one likes” in these stories probably *are* “that guy” in their own social lives.

And the anti-ghosting crusade. Holy shit. All these emotionally unstable people act like the fucking sky is falling, the world is ending, and the art of civility and human connection is irreparably broken… because people occasionally don’t contact some random person they barely knew after going on a date with them. News flash, it’s not everyone else’s problem that *you* can’t take a hint and/or have attachment issues. People will often tell (or respond to) these stories where it was *very*obvious the other person wasn’t into them, and then act all confused because “they didn’t say those words exactly.” Then they will inevitably blame the other person (usually, the woman) for “not communicating.” Communication is a two-way street, and if you miss or ignore every single non-verbal way that someone is communicating that they don’t like you and are uncomfortable with you, that’s a failure to communicate and act in a socially appropriate way. As an adult, you shouldn’t *need* other people to tell you those things. “I didn’t know any better” is no excuse for acting like a creep.

And these same people who absolutely lose their shit over getting ghosted and rabidly attack anyone who *dares* tell them that “no, it’s really not that big of deal and you should get over it,” have the nerve to gush about what great gentleman they are and how they would totally handle rejection well… They can’t even take a stranger on the internet saying something they disagree with well.

I see a similar issue with guys posting creepy stories basically outlining how obsessed/fixated they are on some girl, sometimes to the point of stalking, and then viciously attacking anyone who points out that “you know, it’s pretty unhealthy to be that obsessed with someone you aren’t even dating or anything.” They’ll say all kinds of nasty things to anyone who dares criticize them… and then do the same “gush about how I’m such a gentleman and *definitely* not a stalker” routine.

One of the best pieces of advice my boss has given me is “you have to be able to step outside yourself and see yourself as an observer. You have to see yourself the way others see you.” And these cringe-y guys just don’t understand that. Throwing a tantrum because you got rejected, not called back, or dumped looks bad. Ranting about “how terrible all women are” because of one or two bad experiences in your personal life looks bad. Expecting some kind of gold star or “credit you can redeem for a wonderful girlfriend” for being a law-abiding citizen who is generally polite, has a job, a car, and your own place is laughable. I mean, seriously, do these people even *hear* themselves?