My father killed himself 19 years ago and his family have completely shut me out.
It's an incredibly confusing and knotted situation so I've bolded the "off my chest" rant, the paragraphs before the bold text are just background.


My father died in prison 19 years ago when I was five years old. and I feel like my aunts shame towards him has been pushed onto me and my sister.


From now on we will call her Susan.


Susan seems to have a control complex where if nothing goes her way, she pushes it out of not only her life but the rest of her families life too.


The best example that I can give of this is this: I last spoke to Susan when I was seven, but three years ago I found her on a genealogy website and contacted her again, hoping to learn more of this family that I had been shut out from.


Something happened, we didn't get along and she seemed in denial about her brother which made her tell me truths which ended up being false.


I met my other aunt a year later on the same website, we will call her Rachel... Me and Rachel got on extremely well but Susan was on speaking terms with her, what happened a few weeks after me and Rachel were getting to know each other is Susan found out and told Rachel that I went to Susan's house and caused trouble, to the extent where the police had to get involved and this made Rachel cut off contact with me.


It wasn't true, I'm nothing like my dad and I haven't seen Susan in roughly 15 years


A few years later (Last year, July) I e-mailed Rachel asking why she cut off contact and she explained everything but then explained that Susan had been lying to her about a number of things and that they weren't talking anymore so Rachel was prepared to give me a chance.


This was amazing, someone giving me a chance and not painting me with the same brush they paint my dad with! Fantastic! And These past six months with her have been fantastic, through Rachel I met my sister (My Dad wasn't on either of our birth certificates and I had no idea about her name or anything until a letter Rachel gave me helped me trace her). and I found out that I'm an uncle... I love both of them, my cousins and my two Nephew's to bits...


Though I digress, the main "off my chest" rant is this:


**Susan has contact with the rest of my cousins and another aunt, none of them speak to Rachel and Susan has been known to go to Rachel's house and cause trouble... I know all of my cousins names and even their Facebook profiles but even if I sent them a message I am 100% sure it would trickle down to Susan and Susan would give Rachel abuse for it... So I'm stuck, I have family who I can see but they're family that I can't let myself touch (For lack of a better phrasing)...**


**It's horrible, all my life this family has been shut off from me and because of this sociopath of an aunt I don't think I will ever get to meet them... It's so damn frustrating**