I hate my dad?
I really hate my dad. Its more like i have grown to not like him?

I'm the only female and middle child to an asian family. I have two brothers one older and one younger as well as half siblings (they dont live with us). My parents are still together.

My dad isnt entirely bad. he works full time to provide me with as much stuff as possible and take us on holidays and helps us learn about our asian cultures as well as other cultures. He shows that he tries and everything.

It kinda started around the start of secondary school when I realised how I felt. My dad has always been extremely controlling, he doesnt like to take anything from anyone, and hes always been strict. 

It first started off with little things, like for example, i was never allowed skirts, make up, a phone (i did for a while but not now), a boyfriend all the usual things. he used to jokingly make jokes about the not having a boyfriend when i was younger.

The thing is as i grew older I started seeking a little bit more independance, like wanting to go out with my friends without having to constantly check in like every 30 mins or being able to be trustworthy of things. By the time, I realised that my dad was already used to me being controlled in a sense? i never used to talk back to him or go against him or anything.

One example of him being controlling was my first boyfriend. i mean i realise he was stupid now, and i appreciate the concern and stuff, but the intent he had i was bothers me. a few months ago i was in a relationship with him and i intended to tell my parents. Back then i thought he was a genuinely nice guy and my parents could probably like him.

when my dad found out he immediately made me break up with him over text and smashed my phone. he blocked him on every social media and stopped me from attending the youth group that we met in. he threatened that if i didnt, he would go over there and smash his face in. it had turned out that my dad had spoken shit about me to his parents so that they would enforce this too.

obviously i was terrified and in tears, so i did as he said and i missed out about 4 months if this group and it absolutely killed me. i loved this group and the friends i made in it and all. i was so angry, but he kept explaining that its for the best, its his job to be protective and that we're in an asian house then whatever he says goes.

that was the first time that i ever said i hated him. not because of the boyfriend but because of how he handled everything.

another time was when my brother refused to go to university cause he wanted to pursue a piloting career. he made mistakes along the way but my dad was always there to shove his morale underground. he would always say shit like how he is going the wrong way and that he will never make it and things like that.

ive never accepted anyone making my brothers upset so i snapped.

i shouted how its not fair for him to be like that and he took it out on my and immediately cut off everything like internet and youth groups because i said something against his opinion

it came to the point where i packed my bags and threated (i was going to go through with it) and run away to stay at a nearby friend's house. he threated to call the police and put me into shit so i didnt go.

when it comes to arguements, he refuses to let anyone else talk. it always has to be 'his opinion is law'. ive never had freedom and its so hard to be the only kid who's never had outings with their friends, or the person whos limited on what they can wear, who they can be with and what they see.

its made me someone who is genuinely scared to let out my feelings and its so fucking shit. what do i do? am i supposed to feel this way? am i doing something wrong?