What I wish I could tell my 17 year old self-- Reflections of a 2 year post-grad
Hi all,

Not sure if this kind of post is allowed, if not, feel free to remove.

About me--I started college in 2014. I had a good time and got what I needed out of school, but I’ve also felt lonely and made mistakes. Here’s what I wish I could tell my freshman self. I know a lot of this may not apply to others, but I wanted to share in case it helps anyone else. Good luck to all of the incoming students :)

1. You aren’t having an existential crisis; you aren’t taking care of your basic needs. Good sleep, good diet, exercise, social contact—a lack of any of these things will mimic the symptoms of depression! Seriously, take care of these things first, always.
2. A class cannot be called “hard” unless you pay attention during lectures and put honest, good effort into doing practice problems, homework, and reading the textbook.
3. Undergraduate classes are not that hard. A reasonably smart person will be able to get an A in most of them with EFFORT. If you are not doing well, then something is going wrong with your study habits. Find out what it is so you can fix it.
4. When people say you have to choose 2 out of Grades, Social Life, and Sleep, they’re wrong. You have to choose 3 out of Grades, Social Life, Procrastination, Sleep, and Wasting Time on Social Media and Netflix.
5. There is nothing shameful about being poor; likewise, there is nothing shameful about  having your parents pay for your needs. Instead of pretending to worry about money, show your parents how grateful you are to them.
6. Your new college friends care about you a lot less than your parents do.
7. You need to wash your sheets, towels, and comforter cover. At least once a month.
8. Buy a trash can with a lid and empty it regularly unless you want your room to smell like trash.
9. Your apartment or living space needs a “deep clean” every so often. Buy heavy duty cleaning supplies early on, and use them. Don’t forget the bathtub.
10. You should put pride in your appearance. Your outfit and surroundings affect your behavior. If you wear PJs to class, you’ll act like someone who wears PJs to class. You don’t have to wear collared shirts or makeup, but you should put in a modicum of effort.
11. Roommates are not worth it. The privacy of having your own space is invaluable. Housemates strike an ideal balance between companionship and privacy.
12. You CAN have long lasting and meaningful relationships in college. You can find your life partner when you’re 18 or 38. The former does not make you immature or white trash. Love and companionship is underrated for young people.
13. Stop drinking once you feel the effects of the alcohol.
14. Don’t take dating advice from people who aren’t happy in their relationships.
15. Don’t be friends with people who don’t respect you.
16. The mental states of the people around you will affect you more than you affect them. If you spend time with people who are unhappy or anxious or overly competitive or narcissistic, you are much more likely to become those things.
17. Think about what kind of career you want early on.
18. It will all go by so fast, enjoy it as much as you can.

  
EDIT: 

19. Remember that any job will consist of the repetition of similar tasks. School is the only time in your life you will only be tasked with learning a ton of cool information about a subject of your choice. Savor it!