Might get laid off and not sure how to feel or handle potential interviews
I have been working at a great company for about 2 months now and have received a notice that I will be laid off if I do not improve in 2 weeks. I am currently working full time at a company completely unrelated to my major (Geologic engineering company team assistant as a marketing major) which can be very challenging at times even though I am learning a LOT. As I am doing my best, I am preparing for the worst case scenario by applying to other jobs right now. 

A little background to this situation, long story short: my trainer left 2 weeks for school right after my employment, the engineer I assist for was on vacation for 2 early weeks out of the 5 when I started there, and really strict project manager that doesn't like me asking repeat questions even though there's similar ones where I would like more of a confirmation (emails, scheduling, data,  etc.) than to repeat myself since I need to be careful with the data I handle. I take notes, organize dates, keep track of projects, and information using excel and a calendar. My supervisor is going to have a short daily meeting each morning for these 2 weeks to help me improve but I'm starting to think even if I improve, I don't know if I want to keep this position anymore and just use this as a stepping stone if possible to find a different job more in my field.

I did notice this would become difficult early on since I am unfamiliar with so much material but I was in the job search process right out of college (200+ apps & 15 interviews until I landed this job) which I chose to take what I could get offered. This job is flexible, quiet, offers benefits, and safe. However, I'm starting to feel stressed from all this scheduling, emailing, sitting, and information juggling (which might be just a regular job routine)

What are some things I could say for future interviews if this short time of employment is brought up? Is 2-3 months a good amount of time to say it wasn't the right fit for my career goals? Even if I give it my best effort but still get laid off, is it a bad thing? I always heard of people getting jobs outside their field of study but do many actually stick around for long?