I told my older brother I got into Harvard. He started crying.
Of course I'm excited but I'm a pretty lowkey person and yea, Harvard is awesome but it's not the end all be all. At the end of the day, it's a school. A great school, but a school.

Anyways, I told my brother pretty chill and at first he was like yelling, then he calmed down but his eyes were glazed and he kept muttering "are you being serious...you're being serious...no...oh my god" and then he started crying. Mind you, this kid is like 19, about to be 20, he has never cried in front of me before, and we have fought to death on things over the years; we've made each other bleed (*edit: not that it matters much, but I am a girl. Siblings don't give a fuck about gender anything lmao; he would beat me up and then I would try to throw him down the stairs*), we would scream the whole neighborhood down, made our mom have 20 heart attacks, and insulted each other hardcore....me, so hard that I cried for hours (he came and apologized and hugged me later).

We both grew up and our relationship has gotten better but we can still fall back on that fighting territory pretty easily haha So just watching him so happy...God, that's not something a person can buy.

My other brother is about 22, but he has Schiz and stays at home. He rarely talks but I love him to bits. A couple months ago I was asking him how he would feel if I moved away and he just looked away and muttered he wouldn't like that. He already felt betrayed by our other brother who moved away for college and outright refused to talk  to him on the phone for a long time.

I haven't talked to him yet but I have the opportunity to stay home and I want to tell him (I'm away rn).

No one will ever be as happy for your successes as your family. Not your classmates or teachers, not your BEST friends, not anyone. Your family has a stake in your life. But also, your family has the best power of comfort. If they can't do that rn if you've just been rejected from a dream school, bad, bad family.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;