Does anyone ever feel like they are extremely lonely but are also the one isolating yourself? (Ex: not going outside your house for days but also declining any offers to go out?)
Hi. I’ve struggled with this on and off since I was a young teen. I grew up in the suburbs with immigrant parents and one older sibling who was always out with huge groups of friends or gfs and never home. My parents never ever went out (socializing felt like a burden to them, didnt have too many friends, couldn’t spend too much money) holidays were just another day at home, never anything special. it wasn’t until the last decade now that all kids are grown and they’re retired that they started traveling the world and taking up hobbies and making friends. When I was a kid and I complained about feeling cooped up at home, they couldn’t relate to my anxiety. I always felt like my close friends always had “other groups” of friends or huge families where there was never a weekend or day they’d be home moping. always had groups of friends besides our core friend group, so on random occasions where every person was occupied, it always hit me how extremely lonely I feel.

now, as an adult it still hits me here and there. Everyone knows I’m an extreme introvert and love being home. but lately I’ll be home for 3-4 days straight, can’t bring myself to leave my 1000sq ft apt I live alone in to get the mail, take out trash, or drive to run errands as my simple “socialization for the day.” I have a bunch of things I could be doing outside, errand-wise, or at home (chore-wise, ex: decluttering closets, getting some freelance projects done, job hunting, etc.) but instead I can’t bring myself to do any of them and fixate on my loneliness. 

I let the dishes pile up, eat junk food/instant ramen, just waste hours on YouTube or the internet, sit around crying for no reason, and when people text me to hang out I decline. I don’t understand what’s going on with me, it’s like I’ve reached such a level of being a slob that I can’t bring myself to get ready in 20 min to go outside and hang. My family will even ask to have dinner or something, and the thought of having to coordinate 3 different parties and choose a restaurant and think about 5 hours of productivity I won’t get back (though let’s be real, I won’t be doing anything productive) gives me extreme anxiety.

I’m torn between wanting to bask in solitude and being miserable being so lonely. Can anyone at all relate or is this an issue specific to me since childhood? Am I just a lazy POS and that’s my problem?