PSA: you CAN get into T20s without being seen as elite in middle school!!!
So unlike probably a lot of people on this sub, I was NOT one of those kids that took Algebra 1 in Eighth grade rather than in high school. All of my friends were on that path and pretty much everyone who was average at math or better at my school seemed to be on this path (yours could be different!)

I am a senior, and I am only in Pre-Calculus. Months ago I was really paranoid and asked both this sub and r/chanceme if I would be able to get into T20s without having been in calculus or even having the prerequisite for calculus; I got a resounding “no” from pretty much everyone. Whatever, I still applied and worked my ass off on my applications.

So months pass and just a few weeks ago, I get my acceptance to Vanderbilt. What???

I got comments from these subs telling me that even as a social studies major I wouldn’t be able to get in because I wasn’t on that path. I applied *STEM* and got in!! 

The school system likes to shit on us, and tell us how good we’ll be at math in the future and decide what path we’ll be on in High School as early as the 5th grade with no chance of mobility onto the upper path. I spent the entirety of my high school years regretting and being very upset about the fact that I was bad at long division in 5th grade and was consequently put on the “dumb kids” path for the entire rest of my K-12 years. 

It CAN be done. I wanted desperately my junior year to make up for my lack of rigor in math by doing well on the ACT section, and I still ended up with a 28 max on the math section because my school only catered to kids on the “smart” path for ACT prep. However, I was still damn proud of myself for getting a 28 math while i was only in the middle of Algebra 2. I managed to get a 35 or a 36 on every other section and get a 34 SS, and even though I only scored a 28 on math 3 times in a row, the ad board at Vandy apparently still saw something in me that they thought would lead to me being an incredible STEM student. 

I will reiterate for the last time that IT CAN ABSOLUTELY BE DONE. I’m sorry if you were deemed “dumb” in 5th grade and weren’t able to move into the “smart” path like I was, but if you show that you have kickass ECs, a passion for what you want to study, and a thirst to do well despite your circumstances, you will be OK!!