I went on my 4th date with a girl from Tinder which ended pretty bad.
LENGTHY STORY FROM TONIGHT'S DATE.   


So I've been seeing this girl (lets call her "S" )for a month now and I haven't made any moves yet because something in my gut told me to hold off until I felt like she was more comfortable around me and what not. Tonight I picked her up, bought our tickets to see Black Christmas (which was ok, but not great), and then proceeded to go to a bar across the street. I don't drink because it just doesn't taste good to me so I don't mess with it. We have a seat at the bar and the bartender comes up to us and says to S "What would you like to drink?" S then says "I'd like a cranberry vodka." The bartender then turns to me and she ask me the same thing and S says "Oh he doesn't drink, which is so weird. I've never seen him put any alcohol in his body." The bartender gives me a look that screams "leave this chick alone cause she's probably crazy". She hands S her drink and I say to her "Damn, why'd you have to out me like that?" in a jokingly voice. S says "I just find it weird you don't drink and it's awkward when we go out and I drink. We can't keep hanging out if you don't drink cause it's awkward. On top of that you didn't even pay for my drink which shows your not interested in me. You also haven't initiated anything." So i'm sitting at the bar like "Is this chick nuts?" and say "If i wasn't interested in you I wouldn't ask for you to go out on dates every weekend, so I don't understand what you're talking about. Plus I haven't made moves because I don't even know if you're interested in me and I know how you get, so i'm not taking any chances until I know you're ok with that. I'm trying to not step over your boundaries. If it's a problem with you that I don't drink do  I need to leave or do you want me to stay?" S pulls out her phone and calls her friend to pick her to take her to another bar because "I was going to leave her". Never said I was going to leave, I just asked did I need to leave because me not drinking bothered her so much. I have to drive home and she was my date so it's also somewhat my responsibility she makes it home safe. I said " You know that's actually pretty rude you would call your friend to come pick you up when we are on a date and after I said we could go to Indian Queen, but you just assumed I was about to ditch you after you're the one who complained about me not drinking." She then said "Well you made it seem like you were gonna leave me. It's not the first time it's happened." I told her stop comparing me to other guys she's had bad experiences with because not every guy is a fuck boy, smh. She didn't like when I said she was being rude and tried to cut me off during my sentences but I wouldn't let her. She then threaten to leave the table and walk away. I told her "Go ahead I won't stop you." I sat at the bar and waited for her friend to pick her up and then I took my ass home. This the 4th dates and not ONCE this month has she said Thank You. Never in my life have I encountered such a rude individual who claims that all the men she meets are fuck boys most of the time. Now I can see SHE is the issue and never takes responsibility for her fuck ups.

TL;DR: A girl stormed out on our 4th date because she was mad I didn’t buy her alcohol (when i bought everything else) and was annoyed that I wasn’t drinking alcohol at the bar when she knew i wasn’t a drinker. 

Update: for those of you saying “you should’ve known” i would’ve BEEN ended this a long time ago but I’ve never seen her act like that until tonight.

Update 2: for those who are saying “why are you going to a bar and you don’t drink?” She wanted to grab a drink before we left so we went across the street. She’s known for a month that i don’t drink and it’s never been an issue until now and idk why.