I feel like I can enjoy nothing anymore
I feel like I can enjoy nothing  anymore other than looking forward to thinks hoping that I'll enjoy them. There are things that I kinda enjoy but they feel nothing like they felt in the past. Communicating with people is not the same anymore. Talking to friends is not the same. Doing things I like is not the same. Even surfing the internet is not the same. Nothing is the same. It doesn't feel pleasant enough or pleasant at all anymore. Not even expressing my feelings while writing this right now.

I want to fix this. I want to enjoy life and be happy and healthy. I want to do many things in this life, but recently I am feeling unmotivated to live. Not suicidal. I'm too afraid of death to kill myself and there is a voice in my head telling me "no, don't kill yourself, just in case you'll have things to enjoy".

 My social life isn't as good as it was anymore and I don't enjoy conversations anymore. I feel like I have no need to communicate with anyone. All I do is work (school) 12 - 14 hours a day, sometimes less and then I have no motivation to do anything else other than surf the internet or read books and usually I don't read books because I've read all the books I own and because it'd easier to find stuff to read that you are interested in on the internet. I think this is getting serious.

I have lots of plans for the future, I want to learn foreign languages, gain more knowledge, go on mission trips, become a social worker, a nurse or a doctor and devote my life to serving God and others, becoming a competitive dancer, writing novels, yet I'm so unmotivated to enjoy anything anymore. I'm looking for joy and I can't seem to find it. I won't tell it to my grandma whom I live with, because she will worry too much about m and won't understand me, because she thinks I'm satisfied when I'm not. I can't say life sucks , it's not good, but it's bearable. Time seems to fly too fast. That breaks my nerves. And also scares me.

I don't fear my life ending, because I believe in an afterlife and when I feel like I haven't gotten enough of life, it reassures me that I will get some day. Not that I won't enjoy life in this world, I can't just stay unhappy for 75 to 80 years, my goal is to live happy regardless of where I am.

I want to fix this. I want something, some hope. Anything. I want to be able to enjoy communicating again. And I also want things to enjoy, passions, those are the things that motivate me to live.

I absolutely hate it when mean people tell me not to believe in God just because they think it's all a fairytale that only hurts people and produces extremism. Surprise surprise, I am not a fundamentalist Christian, I believe in evolution, I support gay rights and in fact I am asexual biromantic myself, I believe women can be priests, I don't believe women's bodies are inherently sexual hidden objects that must be hidden I don't force women to obey men, I dojt believe women's "role" is to never have the right to be visible in society or church as working women or priests/pasotds and I don't try to find apologetic justifications to biblical genocide and slavery. I don't hurt anyone with my beliefs nor my reason and my  critical thinking is not hurt by them. 

I also don't believe that we're all inherently evil people like American evangelicalism suggests, I am Anglican (kind of) not an evangelical. I don't tell  people "were all awful people that deserve to die". I do believe that there are serious issues with our society, and I do believe we're bad people, but we're also both, we are neither intently good nor inherently bad, we're simply good in some areas of life and assholes in other areas. And most people I've met are surprisingly decent in lots of areas, if not decent, then they're average. 

They should know that what I believe makes me happy, helps me be a better person, and since I am one of the people who rarely feel guilt, not by choice, but because of brain stuff or something, God has helped me feel more accountable when I do bad things. He is the first person that I talk to when I am worried and sad and he is the one that motivates  me at least a little bit during life and makes me feel like "yes, it's all gonna be okay, things are getting better, just keep trying, I am always there and the world you live in is the best possible world. Life is a wonder and you are  lucky to wake up every morning. There are things that matter in this world and I'm there to help you find joy in them. It's okay when you make mistakes, I'll forgive you". They just don't understand how even if religion causes harm, if we treat it properly it does just as much goof and is a necessity for some people.

My therapist attempted to make me an atheist, multiple times and I had to play dumb/without lgoic/"God works in mysterious ways" or use the best but most understandable arguments I have for what I believe, because if I explained myself I thought she wouldn't understand. I also pretended to be a biblical litsralist because if I explained her my "liberal" beliefs she would try to debate me and I hate debates. They are annoyed when people push their beliefs on them yet some of them do the same thing to us.

My faith is the only glimpse of hope in my life, and even if I had other glimpses of hope I would still keep it, not for personal gain, but because it's just a part of my lifestyle and who I am. I wasn't raised this way, I became religious by choice and I was a very very strong  atheist and naturalist beforehand. We ex atheists are seen as impossible, people just think that there is only one rational worldview and that the rest of religions are full of holes that don't make sense. Surprise, just because it doesn't make sense to a group of people it doesn't mean that it doesn't make sense to everyone. 

I want a better life, more passion for it, that's all. I can't live the rest of my days like this, I can't die waiting for something better, I want to leave this world saying "yep, this was nice, I am happy with it".

I hope things will get better. Please tell me how to fix this because I cannot remain like that for too long.  I hate how my grandma yesterday gave me a specific time limit of how much time I can't spend on the internet, the internet was one of the only things I could kind of enjoy if I tried, I need to keep myself occupied somehow. I can't have after-school activities, because I have to have one to one math classes cause I suck at math for two hours two times a week. Maybe next year I will start rhythmic gymnastics. I will convince my grandma. I think spending too much time alone because of shunning by classmates (now I am not shunned or hated , I am just not really liked by anyone except than one person, who is much different than me) and too much time doing homework has made me forget how to have fun. Please pray for me, please give me advice. I need some help.

I'm also worried that when my grandma dies, I won't cry. I'm worried that I don't love her. When my grandpa died, I took it very lightly, although yes it bothered me, and the thing is that I had nightmares of loosing him before he died when I was six. I had also had nightmares that grandma and grandpa are replaced by clones or that they get clones while they are still alive but that was years ago. I am worried I can't love and I want to make sure that I love grandma before dh leaves. Send fucking help please. I wanna talk to a therapist. Thanks for the help bye.