How can I get away from my toxic parents?
I need some real help that might even need to be legal help. I’m 16 years old, and ever since a young age my parents have had a competitive relationship when it came to me. First off the only real reason they got married was because my mom found out she was pregnant with me when her belly started to show even though she was very skinny. I was mostly raised by my grandmother, who taught me manners, helped me with homework, and told me how beautiful I really was. My mom, however, wanted me to be perfect and slim and perfect. I was always chunky, so every time we’d go for our yearly doctor checkup she’d say that I’ve been eating a lot and put me on a diet. Every year. For a very very long time. She also wanted me to be athletic, and got mad when I’d often get bored with sports, didn’t make friends quickly, or wasn’t trying my best. I had asthma as a child so running and jumping wasn’t really ideal, but my mom would just tell me to puff on my inhaler and go back outside. I get fatigued easily, and so under the hot sun for hours without breaks I would start to see spots and black out, and mom would think I was faking so I could go home. She was mad I wasn’t her perfect pageant queen. A 97.6% grade wasn’t good enough, it should all be 100% A’s and she would pick apart everything. She would make my best seem like not good enough, and make me feel really self conscious. My dad was barely ever there so he was almost like a stranger in my house and me and him were never tight. He’d be on the PlayStation, hanging with friends, or at work. A lot of my problems would get ridden off by them until they wanted to invade my privacy, flaming that the reason I was upset sometimes was because I was doing something bad instead of what I told them. They got a divorce a few months ago and a restraining order but have still not stopped fighting, and often make me choose who I want to be with, and put me in the middle of their arguments and try to make me justify their own beliefs. It has now seeped into my social life where if I’m not home on the exact time they said they told me to come by (even though they never said anything at all until they were unsatisfied with how long I was gone) and they blame the other for the rule and how they’re “the cool parent” and I have to cancel some theatre rehearsals to fit their schedules because their matters mean more than mine. 
This has been going on long enough and they have taken everything I have needed for a long time now and have pushed it to the side, saying the other needs to do it, the other needs to pay for it, the other needs to take you. I can’t even get my permit without them fighting, or go to the doctor without making my grandma put her foot down and say enough. I don’t know if I could live through another 2 years of this and was wondering if there was a safe way to legally move into my Mimi’s (grandmas) without my parents freaking out. Where I could get my stuff out of my room and move it into my room at my grandparents without mom saying no and trying to block me from getting my property, and where I can finally live in peace. Please help me.