How damaging is it for me to leave a new job to accept a more desirable job offer?
tl;dr - I'm considering accepting a high-paying job but only working it for a month or two before accepting a lower paying job that would make me happier. Wondering what reasons exist not to do that that I may not have considered yet.  

I'm in the military with a gross annual income of about $92,000. I've decided to leave once my contract is up in early April instead of reenlist. I'm stationed in Maryland but I really want to move back home to Colorado, I've just been holding out for a decent enough job there. I figured it wouldn't be hard to land a job here in Maryland (basically doing the same job I have in the military but as a civilian) so my plan was to do that first just to keep paying the bills while I look for a Colorado job.

I interviewed for a Maryland job on Wednesday and a Colorado job on Thursday. Both sent recommendations to HR to hire me, and both hiring managers said this almost certainly means an impending job offer. Maryland job pays $118,000 and aligns perfectly with my experience, while the Colorado job pays around $66,000 and is a sort of partial career shift since it aligns with only part of my experience. Now you probably think I'm crazy for preferring the Colorado job but living there is my dream and I'm not happy here in Maryland.

Anyway, I *could* just accept the Colorado job and decline the Maryland job. But I'd be lying if I said I don't want to collect at least one month of that fat salary from the Maryland job (about $9,800 gross) before moving to Colorado to start the other job. And the Colorado job could probably be flexible with the start date by a month or two. But of course, that means I'd be having the Maryland company commit whatever resources to getting me spun up on that job only to quit soon after.

Both companies do a lot of government contracting work. The Maryland company even has jobs out in Colorado too, similar to the Colorado job I'd be taking. If I leave Maryland company so soon, do you think it will burn the bridge for any job opportunities with them in Colorado? Is there a way to mitigate that aside from NOT leaving so early? Do you reckon it could damage me professionally beyond my relationship with the Maryland company, like other companies finding out how I left that company?