I need some advice...
I know this is going to sound like self-pity.  Believe me, I'm the last person that wants to wallow in their own misery, but I just don't know who to talk to.  If someone would be kind enough to read through this - I'd appreciate it.

(25 y/o M)

A little less than a year ago, I was not in the dating scene. I had my goals in place, and an idea of how I wanted to peruse my passions. I didn’t want a relationship, right now, and wasn’t focused on women at all. One day I call in to set up a haircut appointment before a black-tie event that I needed to attend. My regular barber is out. I need a haircut fast. So I go to this salon chain that’s around the corner from my place. I sit down, and I’m greeted by the most gorgeous smile I’ve ever seen. This girl is just the best. She’s beautiful, she’s funny, she has a great laugh. She has this glow about her that is beyond comprehensible. I feel strong and confident, and I feel weak and timid at the same time. All I know is that I want to get to know this person - and I’ve never felt this way about anyone.

We talked well after she was done cutting my hair (the place was pretty empty). Our conversation went so well, it was like we knew each other for years. Everything just felt right. She told me later on that her coworkers even asked her if we knew each other, after I left.

Fast forward a few weeks, and I haven’t been able to get this girl out of my head. I wanted to see her again. So I wait a couple more days for my hair to grow out, and go back in on the same weekday and time to see her, hoping that it was the right day and time to. Luckily it was; she was there. She cuts my hair, we have another great interaction and can’t stop laughing at one another. I tell her that I like to go out singing Karaoke at this local place on Friday nights, and that she’s welcome to stop by if she’d like - that’s where I’d be. She doesn’t. Normally I’d just throw in the towel and say there’s no way a girl like that could be interested in a guy like me. But something in me decided to hold out hope; maybe she couldn’t that night - She never said she would, but she also never said she wouldn’t. She said “I’ll think about it”.

I wait a few more weeks for another ‘haircut’ and give it one more shot. I try to play it off cool, and tell her not to worry about the last time; I’m there most Friday nights, and she’s welcome to stop by any time.

Friday rolls around and there she is - I greet her, and her friend that she brought along. We have a great time, and I introduce them to my buddy (a gentleman, with manners and a great personality to boot) who also likes to sing. He acts as my wingman so-to-speak, and I finally get her number.

Fast forward and we’ve gone on several dates. We stay up in her car a lot just talking until sunrise. She always asks me why I smile every time I look at her, and I give her the same answer every time: “I’ll tell you someday”.

Whenever I start to make my leave she grabs onto my arm and does this little whine like she doesn’t want me to. It makes me feel special.

Fast forward some more, and we are official. Everything is going well. We do things together like travel to Baltimore, go to parties, restaurants, cook together, movie nights, things that we both like to do, etc. She tells me that she loves me one night when we were out. She continues by saying that she knows that’s a lot to handle, so soon, and that I don’t need to say it back. I don’t; but I wish I had, because that was the answer to the question she always asked me. Why do I always smile when I look at her? It was because I love her - I had since the day I walked into that salon.

We have our minor disagreements and arguments, but I never wanted to go to bed upset. I told her that we don’t always have to agree on everything. I was always willing to admit when I’m wrong, and I was always prepared to swallow my pride for her.

One of our biggest humps to get over was her Ex - a guy that was seemingly still in the picture. The problem was that she’d been dating him for 6 years; and had only been separated from him for several months before meeting me. The two of them owned a pet bunny together, and it wasn’t able to stay with her, so it had to stay with him. This meant that she would occasionally have to go up to his place to visit her. While I knew about the Ex BF and the bunny, It didn’t alarm me.

Until one afternoon, I invited her out with me and my brother, and she didn’t get back to me. Something seemed wrong - she hadn’t texted or called all day. The place we were going was only a half a mile from her house, so I drove past to see that her car wasn’t there. ‘Okay - maybe she’s with her family, out late, I thought’. I send her a message saying where my brother and I ended up, and that she’s welcome to join us.

She finally gets back to me and says “sorry I was sleeping - maybe another night, have fun!”

‘That’s odd, if she was at home sleeping, then where was her car?' The air over the next few days is cold and tense, to say the least. She finally confronts me about it, and I tell her what happened. I don’t yell, I don’t accuse, and I don’t ask for more information - I just tell her that something isn’t adding up, and It’s got me upset. She tells me the truth - she spent the day with her Ex BF, and wasn’t sure how to tell me, so she lied.

I give her a hug, and tell her that I love her for the first time. I tell her it’s okay, and that I don’t want to seem possessive or jealous. He was a big part of her life for 6 years - she’s only known me for several months at this point. Who am I to tell her who she can and can’t spend time with? I tell her that If she needs to talk to her Ex bf from time to time, or see her bunny up at his place, then that’s okay - just be honest about what’s going on. Don’t keep secrets, and don’t be shifty.

Things go pretty well for a while, after that.

Unfortunately the bunny died about a month later, and I was heartbroken to see her so upset.

A few months later, another problem rears its head; one that many people in relationships have to deal with, is sorting out family life. I live at home currently, with my father, brother, sister and 1 y/o niece.

My GF had been staying over a lot, and it was beginning to worry my dad. Her clothes were in half of my dresser. Her jackets, scarves, sweaters and shirts hanging in my closet, her shampoo and toiletries in my bathroom. On occasion, dad would come home to find her at my house, even though I was still at work. Dad and brother decide to have a conversation about it with me.

I don’t put up a fight - it doesn’t seem like there’s much to argue. She’s a guest, but it seems as if she’s moving in. She hardly spends any time at her own home, anymore. When she’s not at work, she’s at my house. When she’s not at my house, she’s at her friends house. I don’t want there to be bitterness between her and my family, but I like spending the nights with her. Plus she’s gotten used to it - and it would seem abrupt to pull the rug out from her like this. Once again, I’m at a loss.

I try to talk to her about it, but as expected, there is resentment. She’s not happy, and feels that she’s not welcome, anymore. She starts packing her stuff up. I convince her to stop, and we talk for a couple hours. Eventually we come to the conclusion that maybe we should start looking for a place, together.  There's too many heads under one roof.  She doesn't want to have to interact with my family every night - we need our own space .

Jump forward a couple weeks, and we’re just trying to work out our finances. I have a nice little nest egg that I’ve been saving up for some time, granted having gone to community college has kept me out of school debt.

We find a nice little place with cheap rent, and it’s probably about as good as it gets. It’s my first time looking for places though, and I just figure out of caution, let’s just look at some more places. Other places are only more expensive, and in the constant chaos of every day life events, looking for places just seems to fall into the background, and we slip back into our normal day-to-day of going to work, her staying over, and the two of us going out on the weekends.

I continue to keep searching for places, but it starts to become less and less of a priority when I bring it up. In the meantime, we still have fun with one another, we still talk, we still laugh and enjoy each others company, and we still love one another. She asks that I go to California with her to see her best friend. I tell her I’d like to, but we should be saving up for a place to live. I succumb to her wishes though, and chip-in for tickets. We are to head out in April.

Fast forward to V-Day of this year. I have a fun night planned for us. She can’t do it because she has to work Valentines day, last minute. So I come up with other plans for the weekend, instead. We decide to go to laser-tag. It seems cheesy, but it’s actually a lot of fun. As I’m getting ready to pick her up from work, I get a call from her asking if her two co-workers can join us. I’m not jumping for joy over it, as I thought I’d take her to dinner afterwards, but I tell her “sure, if you’d like them to join us”. I try to interact with her co-workers/friends; I don’t want them to think that I dislike them, but the more I focus on them, the less focused I am on her. She gets annoyed - and our date doesn’t go as nicely as I wanted it to.

About a week later, it’s as if nothing happened; water under the bridge. We’re happy with one another. One day I get in the car with her, so that we can go shopping for my Niece’s first b-day party. As we’re driving, she says she want’s to talk. Long and sort of the conversation - she wants to break up.

After the breakup, she becomes distant; like I don’t even matter to her. She calls me when she’s bored, and when I start to tell her how I miss her, she tells me that she doesn’t have the energy to talk about this - and proceeds to evade or redirect the conversation. She says that she doesn’t understand why she wanted to break up. That it wasn’t me, it’s her. That “she’s the kind of person that wants something so bad, and when she finally gets it, she doesn’t want it, anymore”.

One night I’m at a wedding. I’m trying to get back to my old self. I get on the dance floor and do some cheesy line-dancing. My sister snaps it, and puts it on my story for me. A couple hours later, My Ex puts a snap on her story for the first time in a very, very long time. It’s of her at a university having fun with I guy that I don’t recognize. I become very upset. My lips start to feel numb, my heart starts to pound, my skin feels cold to the touch, but my insides feel like they’re on fire. I excuse myself from the wedding reception. When I get home, I can’t sleep. My gut feels like it’s rotting from the inside-out, and I have the worst sleepless night that I’ve ever had.

I get it touch with her, and she tells me who the guy was (a friend of a friend) and that she’s sorry if I took it the wrong way. I continue to help her with things whenever she calls. We spend a few nights together on and off, and then the Stay-at-home order comes onto effect. I follow it, as I have my Niece to think about. She decides to crash with her friend while her family stays in isolation. I tell her that she’s more important to me than money, so if she still wants to bring me along to California, I’d be happy to come, but she can bring whoever she wants. She says, “thanks”.

Fast forward to today. She does’t talk to me, anymore. No one does. My friend who helped me secure her number at Karaoke night doesn’t answer when I check in to see how he’s doing. Normally I’ll shoot him a text message every once in a while that says something like “Hey, buddy hope all is well, just seeing how you’re doing”. He always gets back to me within a day. He hasn’t contacted me in months, though. He’s probably my only friend, honestly. My brother doesn’t want to talk, because he has nothing to offer, and my dad tells me that her being gone is the best possible thing that could’ve happened to me.

Every night since she left has been worse than the last. Every night I get ready for bed, and dread falling asleep, because she’s in my dreams, and I feel fine for a while, but then she's not next to me when I wake up. I keep wondering how I could go so quickly from being “the most important thing in her life” to being no more than a fleeting thought. I tried my best to be everything she wanted in a person; I thought I succeeded in that mission, and tired my best to never stop. But now I feel like I’m being purged from her life - like a disease. 

Up until I met her, I’ve felt like I was on my own.
I’d go out at night with myself, and feel like the invisible man.  I’d put on a fake smile, and laugh; but I knew the next day that the only person to greet me would be the man in the mirror.  She helped me to drop the fake smile, and put on a real one - she made me feel like I existed.  


I don’t consider myself to be a very clingy person; and frankly looking at this objectively, that’s exactly what it seems like. I feel like somethings wrong with me, and I don’t know how to reconcile with the fact that she’s still the most important person in the world to me. Love is not a climb, it’s a fall.

I fell in love with someone who doesn’t love me, anymore. I don’t know what to do. The rug was pulled out from under me, so quickly.

I’m angry with myself, I’m sad, and I’m very alone.

But more than anything I just love her, still. I miss her smile. I miss her laugh. I miss the tint of yellow in her blue-green eyes; It’s like a sunset over the ocean.

Every day I wake up and wish I hadn’t.

When I was a kid, we had this art project where we had to draw a monster with a “have you seen me?” Bio on the back; like a missing child on a milk carton. On the bio, you were supposed to explain your monsters hobbies, interests, where they like to spend their time, and who they like to spend their time with, etc. in hopes that they will be found. The monster was supposed to reflect yourself, obviously. Other kids were then supposed to guess who’s monster was who.

I drew a monster - I don’t remember much, but I remember he was black and blue, with silver eyes so he could see in the dark. He had wheels for legs, and walked on his hands. He lived in a dark place. He had no friends, and I remember his bio saying, “no one will ever find me”. 


My art teacher read these aloud to the class, and when she got to mine, glanced through it first, then frowned slightly before setting it aside, saying “I don’t want to read this one”. It was so crushing for some reason. It was like that was my opportunity to be found, and I was turned away.

I’m feeling a lot like that, again.

I don’t know who to turn to, on this one.