I am not allowed to leave the house!
I need advice because I have no one to turn to. So, I created a reddit! This is my first post so I don’t know if I posted this right but : 

So, I just turned 16. All my life I’ve suffered mental illness and last year was officially diagnosed with psychosis. I’ve had a lot of struggles with my parents especially. Growing up in a physically and mentally abusive household brought out my inherited psychosis. I have only been allowed to leave the house once a week. There is no reason, that’s the way I grew up. I do not get hit at anymore and I’ve had to face Child Protective Services, but I still have the fears that this is all a delusion. My boyfriend of almost two years has helped me throughout everything and has suffered problems himself. This is what leads into my dilemma. My mother and brother have Aspergers and are incredibly intelligent. So, I always get scolded and get compared to my brother and other children. They ask me why I cannot be like them, be mentally stable and smart. By the way, my brother is 19 and we still have to cook for him, wake him up, drive him and let him lay around. I got into an argument with my mother this morning about my grades. Now, I am by no means intelligent. I have a horrendous memory (the doctors say it’s from trauma and PTSD, though my therapist thinks there’s a personality link when I switch) No matter how difficult I try my grades never improve. I have awful self esteem and cry about it often, though their anger toward me only seems to grow. I get help and do all of the work, but I only get punished even more. My doctors have told my parents not to isolate me(as that would make my health worse) but they don’t heed their advice :/ once allowed out once a week, now I am no longer to leave the house unless for school and doctors appointments. I do have some outstanding assignments, but not much at all. I do awful on the tests and it hurts my grade. I have a D-, nearly an E in geometry and is almost the end of the year. I’ve been told I’m not good enough. Not recently, but is what my parents doing reasonable? Am I just not understanding and not doing enough?! Please help me :(