My wife has cheated on me multiple times.
The first time things started out in a gray area between her and the other person, so I was of course more than ready to accept that things just got a little out of hand and that we were both to blame for that, that it was a learning experience, ...really anything which would prevent me from feeling 100% like a weak, shitty, undesirable pushover. I discovered what was going on in this instance when I found a stash of love letters from our roommate.

She was suicidal at the time and in the psych ward when I discovered the love letters, so after she begged me to stay with her, I figured that leaving her at that time would be something akin to failing her out of university, or sentencing her to death, as she had no one else in her life who 1) was nearby, and 2) had the presence of mind to keep a close eye on her to make sure she was safe. 



I also had selfish reasons for staying with her, the main ones being that I don't want to be alone again and believe I will be alone for a long time, and possibly forever, if I leave her.


&nbsp;


The second and third times happened almost simultaneously; she asked me to log into her skype account so that I could communicate with our roommate about something because her phone was dead (I guess maybe she wasn't thinking about what else I might find there). I scroll up a bit in their conversation and discover that she had been communicating explicitly with her ex. I also learn that she had brought someone home from her university campus and nearly had sex with him; they were both naked and the only reason it didn't happen was because he finished himself off, had second thoughts and left.


My discovery of this evidence triggered a suicide attempt on her part, and I had to cry and beg hysterically over the phone for her to come back to me and not kill herself. 


&nbsp;


It's been about 4 months since the last incident, and I can't stop thinking about her with these other people, wondering if I can actually trust her about anything at all. I also can't stop thinking about divorce, but my biggest concern would be that to divorce her would be to kill her, as she would fall apart like in the past and commit suicide. 


&nbsp;


I think the worst part about all of this is that I'm no longer the protagonist of my own story; I'm not the one making things *happen* in my life anymore, I'm just an observer--someone to whom things happen. And it seems like things can never get too bad for me, because I have no breaking point; I'll just keep bending and giving up territory, inch by inch, looking for any little excuse to rationalize staying in a shitty situation.



Growing up I never imagined I would ever feel so weak, humiliated, impotent, and ashamed, but here I am today, tolerating an intolerable situation because I'm afraid.