5 useful tips for depression
So we all have those days when our depresion is worse, perhaps we haven’t left our house for while, we haven’t slept properly or too much and food is going out window or too much.. 

Here are some things have helped me

1. Idoser - i listen to idoser every time I’m feeling overwhelmed or simply want to escape reality for while..
2. Listen to music and podcasts, no matter what you are interested in whether you love music, your favourite radio show. 
3. Exercise - exercise is probably the last thing you want to doing you are feeling depressed.. but it can be your best friend and better way of coping.
4. If you find the groups that nhs/council runs for depressed people to meet other depressed people is not your thing. Bunk them off and find something else.. if else fails use the net.
5. Get into nootropics, we all love that we’ve accomplished things but often our depression has clouded that judgement and we cannot focus but we’ve got that mountain of paper work sitting on our desk.. google nootropics and order order  a bottle or two, get some from Holland & Barrett 
6. Do you have a hobby you love, perhaps think about getting one or two that suits you and suits your personality. There’s no point in joining a sports group if you hate socialising or too anxious/depressed or paying out a subscription fee if you don’t use it..
7. Feeling lonely and isolated, go on PenPal sites, chatrooms, forums and meet people that way.. that way you don’t have to worry too much if they disappear you can go and find someone else. Less effort required.. you don’t have to panic every time. Are they gonna turn up?? You can turn your computer on or your mobile any time of the day and get chatting.
8. Make use of that button your mobile called “do not disturb,” we all have those days when don’t feel like talking or we simply want to binge watch that new drama in peace and don’t want to be interrupted, make use of do not disturb and turn your notifications off. I did this last week, I didn’t give a rats about every day problems, daily grind of life, i had done the activities I wanted to do for the day..and I simply had it with life.. so I did it and felt lots better. The group was bunked, told em had flu, switched on that games console, shoved my mobile on do not disturb, let the bugger rundown it’s battery so even if flashes I didn’t see it and a holiday from life..