Got my JD, don't want to do law, and nobody will hire me. Hiring managers of reddit: is an MBA worth considering?
I got my JD last year. I hated law school. It literally broke my spirit, and by the time I got out, I was drinking too much and making far too many casual references to/jokes about suicide for my tastes. I was on a fast track to depression (like damn near every lawyer I've met), so I decided "fuck this" and bailed.

Since then, I've got a boring $30k job in sales. I've called it my "work sabbatical," and oddly enough, it's been incredibly healing doing a low-man-on-the-totem-pole job with no responsibility. I feel like a human again. However, $30k is peanuts and I'm itching to make some real "adult" money.

The problem is that I can't get hired for ANY compliance/procurement/HR positions. I'm not pricing myself out (I put $40-50k), I meet the qualifications (*sometimes* not experience, but friggin' everything is 3-5 so who doesn't claim relevant education as experience every once in awhile?), and I don't have any weird crap on social media. Still, I have gotten nothing but crickets.

I want "adult money." I want benefits and salary, and to be able to tell people about what I do without them saying, "really? _______? With a law degree?" So...since every posting in my city seems to want it, I've been looking into online MBA programs. 

Hiring managers of r/jobs, should I think about doing an MBA to more easily shift into the corporate field? I just want to get hired to a mid-to-large company so I can get benefits, okay-to-decent pay, and a respectible job. Ideally, I'd love to be able to work from home one day. I don't care how, and I don't really care too much about what specific thing I'd be doing. I'm no Einstein, but I'm smarter than the average bear and can probably be a Flacco-esque "not elite but servicable" employee in about any role. 

Bare minimum, I just want to get in a position where climbing the ladder is possible, and where I can actually take myself seriously. Will an MBA help, or should I use my JD towards a field I've failed to look into? Any input is appreciated.