Should I leave my job of 7 years?
Obviously this is up to me and what I see valuable but I would love to hear some opinions.

Here are the details:

Been at my current job 7 years. I'm 29. Started at the lowest rung now I'm in inside sales. Not only do I do all inside sales jobs functions as everyone else, but I also have about 8 other duties.

I do not see a pay raise nor a promotion in the near future. Shit, I haven't seen a pay raise in the 3 or 4 years I've been in this position. I tAlked to management about this and had a document typed up with everything I've done and taken on. How much money I've saved and how much wasted time has been saved... This triggered them to give not only me, but my full group a cost of living raise. This is all I've seen in the last 3 or 4 years. I was pissed because I specifically went to them about why I am worth more... We're all paid equally but they have one job where I have about eight. Not only that but I HAVE RUN 3 DEPARTMENTS AT ONCE INBETWEEN HIRES. They just keep piling more and more "projects" on me, that adds to my full time duties. 

Now that's the bad...here is the good:

I'm salary. I have 3 weeks vacation. Never work overtime. I live 10 minutes from the office. As long I work my 8 a day I can come and go whenever. Get here at 7, no lunch and leave at 3? Cool. Get here at 8, take a lunch and leave at 5? Cool. You get it. If I need to just leave, no problem. Cool people too. 

Here's the big one they hold over your head...it's employee owned. In the 7 years I've been here I own more than $90k in stocks....without putting a penny into it. I also have my 401k which they do not contribute to.

Anyway, sorry for the bit of a rant. 

Am I just feeling entitled? What would you do in this situation? I've pretty much given up on fighting for a raise. I've plead my case with clear numbers and research...its just not gonna happen. 

As much as I want to search for another job, I'm worried the grass will not be greener.

Thanks for reading everyone.

Edit: Thanks for all the responses. Was not expecting this many honestly. I'll get back to everyone once I have a bit more time!