I asked a girl out today
I asked a girl out today. It was just a random girl I saw on the street. I was bringing some groceries home and I saw her standing next to me at the crosswalk. I kept glancing at her, and when our paths diverged, I noticed she and her friend went over and sat on a bench in the park.

As I was walking home, I couldn't stop thinking of her. She was stunning, and I wanted to ask her out. I felt terrible that I hadn't though, thinking I had missed my chance. I usually resign myself to online dating for fear of bothering random people in person who probably are not interested or available. 

I got home, put down my groceries, and decided I had to man up and do it.  As I started running back to the park, I felt a sinking in my stomach, I became a little light headed and my heart was nearly racing. I was terrified of the rejection I thought may be coming, but I kept going.

As I made my way into the park, I saw her still sitting there, I was lucky they hadn't left yet. I approached, told her that after seeing her I couldn't get her out of my head, and that I couldn't live with myself if I didn't come back to ask her out. She smiled giggled slightly, and looked away.

I stood there for a few more seconds, asked her if that ment no, and she shook her head confirming that she wasn't interested. I then apologized for bothering her and left.

As I walked away, I felt better, a lot better, much better than if I never asked her out in the first place. The rejection wasn't bad at all, only the the fear of it. I felt glad that I took the shot, and even though I missed, I would do it again. 

For years I have only stuck to the dating apps, thinking that was how it was done these days (I never see other people ask random people out in public), yet never having much success. Online you don't have the immediate response to your proposal and people rarely outright reject you. You never know who actually swipes left on you. Thus, you don't get that fear of rejection.

Even though I technically failed again in person, I felt accomplished for really putting myself out there in the real world and trying. From now on I am going to try more in person, get out there and give it my best face to face.