How to transition out of a higher ed career?
Hey all - a little background here: I've been working higher education since shortly after I graduated from college in December 2014. I started out in January 2015 as an administrative assistant for the Student Services dept at a university, and then in August 2017, I received a reclassification in the same dept to student programs advisor. My pay went up 7% with this change. This reclassification came about because my initial work duties went from basic scheduling of meetings, minimal event planning, and handling of communication (emails, phone calls) to extensive data reports for departments, meetings with student organizations regarding university events and adherence to policies, and supervision of a student computer lab and team of student workers. I received my Master in Education in May 2019 while working full time because my university offered a tuition benefit.

However, I have come to realize in the five years I've been working at this university that I prefer the administrative angle of my job much more than the student focused portion of my job (direct advising). I enjoy tracking data, creating data reports, coordinating meetings/events (working with vendors, monitoring budgets, serving as the point of contact, etc), streamlining processes (a lot of things went from paper to digital as a result of changes I made), and just generally I enjoy being someone who pulls the strings behind the scenes vs someone who meets with students daily. Also, I've come to realize how severely underpaid I am given my experience and credentials-I live in a big city and it's very hard getting by on my current salary. My current job is unable to offer me a raise despite my master's degree so I am looking to move on very soon.

I would like to make the jump into something strictly administrative such as executive assistant, office coordinator, office manager, etc and I am looking outside the university setting. I have a lot of friends in office jobs that are being paid more than I am (with less work experience and no master's); I'm in my mid-20s and I want to make this career change now.

Does anyone here have any experience making a similar career jump from higher ed into another industry? Does anyone have advice for how to convert my higher ed resume into something more administrative sounding? Thanks so much!