I want to escape my desk job and find something meaningful. Any suggestions?
 

I am 25 and have been working as a digital designer for 3 years in advertising and design firms. I am looking for a complete career change but don’t know where to begin. I'm feeling pretty lost and getting anxious and overwhelmed.

In my 3 years working as a designer I have grown to find the work unrewarding, meaningless, and not stimulating. Gradually my dissatisfaction with my career has lead me into an existential crisis and depression.

I have decided that I no longer want a desk/ office job that requires you to work on the computer majority of the day as I find it is not stimulating for me. I hate sitting in the same office behind a screen every day.

I want to find a non-desk job that is meaningful and rewarding. Something that I can be passionate about and feel good for contributing to the greater good of the world. Something that has good career trajectory - good potential to progress in my career and earn more as I get older. I would love to be working outdoors some of the time or at least moving around, not sitting at a desk.

I am particularly interested in the idea of doing environmental work of some sort - maybe forestry or wildlife conservation. I would also consider humanitarian or even social work.

I have a Bachelor of Design and would be willing to do further studies for up to 2 years to make me qualified for my dream job, whatever it may be.

The hard part is that I have not done maths or science further than junior high school so I can’t get into a Masters Degree that has prerequisites of maths and science.

I have considered carpentry and other trades, but I think I want to find something more meaningful that is having a positive impact rather than just just building houses or commercial buildings. Although, I think I would like to be working with my hands or doing technical work of some sort.

I have also considered fireman and paramedic jobs but I don’t think I would cope well with the stress and traumatic situations they have to deal with.

I have been looking for quite a while at possible career options or further studies but I am really stumped for answers. 

I struggle with anxiety and I am getting quite overwhelmed when searching and not seeming to make much progress so that is why thought I would try posting here to see what suggestions people have.

Does anyone out there have any ideas of cool jobs that I could look into or further studies that I could do to help me in the right direction?

Or has anyone gone through a similar experience with wanting a complete career change, to ditch their desk job and find something more fulfilling?

&#x200B;

If you have any suggestions at all, please throw them down. I just want to get as many ideas as possible.  


Thanks :)