I killed my girlfriend, and now I want to kill myself..
 

Before you read my true story, I want you to know that I'm not very good at English, as it's my second language so bare with me if I have made grammatical mistakes or anything, and honestly I really haven't opened up about this incident in my life, until today.

Anyway,

This one random late night in March 2017, I decided to download the Tinder app (probably the worst decisions in my life) , but I'm genuinely a introvert person, so it's hard for me to make conversation on spot to get to know people. Most people hop on tinder to troll, some to get laid but I was on it to find "true love". Fast forward to two months of most girls wanting to just party or I was to boring to form a conversation, this one random day I got super liked by this girl named Laura. We both started to talk, we both had a lot of similarities between us and she was literally 2 miles away from my place. It had been 2 weeks, we both still haven't meet but our conversations started to get more personal, and I felt a real connection between us two. We both replied long, it used to take me a good 45mins to an hour to reply, it was just how it was. It was however odd for me that she was really beautiful, and I was a ugly mf. She came from a small town family, where as me, I was a city kid, from a wealthy family (although she didn't know that for along time).

After the 2 weeks of talking, we both decided to meet up for lunch. Like when I say she was simple, she had no idea about brands or anything. I dressed up with some yeezy 750s, she didn't even know them. And some part of me liked that she was like that, because most of the times, I only wore to show off, to feel rich, to feel accepted. One thing about being rich is that, the definition of happiness is so different to what a average person would say. Like an average person has aspirations of having a nice house, a nice car, nice gadgets and all but it's different being born wealthy, like I had everything that anyone would aspire of having, it's different when you have everything. Anyway that just made me like Laura more because she was a simple person, a bit mysterious and I was always curious to know more about her.

We ended up dating for 6 months, and I knew she was the one for me, she was beautiful, she loved me for who I was, I didn't have to pretend to be this cool dude like I did with my friends, she loved the sensitive little bitch I was. Everything was going well, till (Jan 2018) she called and cried, her father was diagnosed with lung cancer at a bad stage, the doctors said they could cure it but he would only survive for a couple of months. Laura was going through some tough times, but I was always with her, trying to make her strong. She would tell me stories about her dad, like how they used to horse ride back when they used to live on farm lands, and how he would work 14 hours everyday just his both daughters could have the life that every other kid had. Tbh that got me so depressed, like the fact that her father sacrificed so much for his kids and all. But no matter what had happened over the next few months, years or the next decade or so, i said to myself that I would always be with Laura, and I wanted to marry her.

We got back to our casual routines, she was getting better and better, and on her birthday 11th of March, I proposed to her, I honestly didn't know if it was the right time or not, but I felt like I needed to tell her that I'm gonna be committed and not just saying it but i wanted to show her. Laura said yes, cried and hugged so hard that I thought she would break my bones, but I knew that this meant a lot to her.

April 11th 2018.

This part is going to be hard for me, as I am typing my fingers are twitching, I'm really scared, because to say it out is something i haven't done... Anyway, on this very day, I picked up Laura, we were driving to the hospital to visit her dad, we went on the highway. Till this high speeding car (prolly doing 150kmph) tried to overtake a vechile in front of us so we were behind this car, but suddenly suddenly the person slammed the brakes and dropped back, causing me to smash into the car. After this moment, I don't remember a thing. It felt like I died, I could hear my surroundings but I couldn't see anything, Idk how long or anything I woke up and the first thing I asked was "what happened to laura?" and my mum started to cry but i thought she was crying for me. I kept asking, and no one replied. Then it hit me, it hit me that she's not alive, and i couldn't understand. It all happened in a flash of a second.. The love of my life was gone, and I could do nothing about it, i didn't know how to take it in, it fucked me up. I only had minor injuries, but I was mentally dead.

Fast forward to a month, I still was in shock, infact I still am.. I went to visit her family, to apologies, but couldn't even let out a word, just cried out loud, but somehow they understood my pain. Laura's dad seemed to be weaker, her mum always had a smile on but she looked so bad, she was in shock and it just made me feel worse and worse. A week later, I found out that Laura's dad had passed away, i wasn't ready for the funeral, I didn't go to laura's too because I couldn't accept it but my mum told me that I had to go to comfort her mum. But laura's mum had completely changed, she didn't want to hear anything from anyone because two of the most people in her life had passed away and I honestly could do nothing but cry looking at her.

Fast forward it to now, there hasn't been a day I felt that I could have done better, I could have reacted better, and if i had turned the other way, maybe I could have died instead of laura, maybe she survived she could have been with her dad for the rest of time, maybe seeing her daughter would have kept him alive for a bit longer, maybe the mum would have been brave having her daughter around. I know it's not my fault, i've heard people say that constantly, it's not fault bro" but I could have done better, to prevent it, and that is stuck in my mind, and always will. I honestly have no hope for life, I just want to die, i can't get over these thoughts, I just hope I die real soon.... It's not that I want sympathy but I just can't deal with it, it hurts.