The current situation has caused a HUGE setback
Hey everyone. I hope you are doing better during this crazy time than I am. 

A bit of background: I'm a California girl in my 50's. And, I've struggled for 20 years to fight off very intense anxiety and depression. I have been unable to work since 2014. I've got a claim for SSDI, but apparently I'm not sick enough. SMH   I married my high school sweetheart May of 2018. He was the one that got away. I was never happier. After choosing the wrong guys all my life, I finally choose the right guy! Then in October he fell ill with an unknown lung disease. By the 21st of December I lost my love, my best friend he just couldn't breathe anymore. He put up a valiant fight.

I was immediately hospitalized in the psych unit. I was overwhelmed with grief. I wanted to die. I wanted to be with him. I even tried several times to make that happen. And to add fuel too the fire, my dad passed away three months after my husband. I'm not ashamed to say I was Daddy's Little Girl. And I miss him just as much as my husband.

So, for a whole year I struggled and fight my depression and anxiety. In that year, I was hospitalized 10 times, for psych and other ailments I have. But sometime after the 1 year mark when he died, I kinda just came out of the fog. I was feeling so much better, reaching out to his mom and other friends. I was so glad that I was gonna beat this. 

Fast forward to the present. I am an isolater by nature, so this covid-19 situation I know I can get through it. I have one good friend and my mother-in-law for support. I keep my appointments with my psychiatrist, and take my meds as prescribed.
I have no income, since I have to go through the entire process with Social Security before I can qualify to receive spousal benefits. Basically, what he was earning. Thank the good Lord for food stamps and Food Share, I'll never go hungry. So since I'm disabled, waiting for benefits, my rent is $50/month. I also had internet shut off because I couldn't pay them (just $50 too. My needs are small) I've had help from friends and family, and then eventually from several local church charities.

 And, well, I've run out of options and was scrolling through Reddit. I saw a couple of subs in which to ask for help. So I took a deep breath and posted how I need help paying my bills. The only reason I did this is that I have seen many messages of gratitude from individuals who received help. But that didn't happen for me. In fact there were some negative responses, and both posts where completely down voted. So, I guess either I don't know how to ask for help, or people just don't care. Let's add to my situation that my one good friend is going through some of their own challenges, and being a complete jerk. I've heard that the economic stimulus package won't pay anyone who is not working. Figures, the people who need it the most get nothing. And I pray it is only a rumour, because $1000 could set me up for many months while I work on my disability claim. The California Governor has issued a "shelter in place" order. I have asthma pretty badly, so I'm party of the group that SERIOUSLY shouldn't go out. Same with my mother-in-law.

My anxiety and depression had returned in full force. I have thought, again of giving up on my life. There is really NOTHING good about it. At all. My sister has shunned me because she knows nothing about mental health, and thinks I should just "be happy." I've never really had any meaningful relationship with my mom. She has been emotionally unavailable my entire life. 

So what am I left with? A complete shut down. No news, or Internet. (I'm typing on my government phone which has very limited data. But at least I can post) My friend is unavailable. Yesterday I went to my mother-in-law's place so I could download some movies. It's really exasperating to be so helpless, and so tired of my f**ked up life, and so sad, and no real prospects in paying my measly $100/month bills. And when I reach out, it either goes sideways or I am ignored. I can't eat or I get very nauseous (die to my anxiety and a medical issue with my stomach.

Why don't I deserve the help I really need? I literally have nothing to live for. And I don't know what to do.