Lost a great job offer and it was my fault. Could use advice or encouragement going forward.
Hi guys, this is my first post here. I (28f) wanted to get some advice or encouragement from you guys because I'm sure a lot of you are all in the same job hunting boat right now. Well end of May I got a job offer after being let go from my last company. It was the perfect position. It was work from home, it matched my Salary, full benefits, great pto, you get the idea. I impressed in the interview and they loved that I had my series 6 and 63 licenses. So I go through the drug test and background check. Well the HR person emailed me saying she couldn't  verify my education. I told her no worries, id contact my school and get it sorted. I talked to an advisor  and it turns out...I never finished my general associates degree. I was off by a few credits. 

I was 19 at the time, I thought I had finished all the credits, and I was getting married that same month. With all that on my plate I thought well when I want a copy of my degree I'll just call. I feel so stupid now. No jobs that I had between then and up til now ever questioned my degree, so I didn't  think to check myself. That is my own fault and I completely  understand. I'm going back to finish the last few classes. However, now as far as job hunting...I screwed myself. I can't have that on my resume or application  anymore. I have all the certifications and licenses that I did obtian through my previous employer, which looks great to potential jobs, but I'm afraid my lack of even just a 2 year degree is going to ruin any chance I have. 

Well needless to say, the company rescinded their offer, even after I gave an explanation. I'm crushed. I was perfect for the job. It was such a step up from my previous job and i felt like i was finally moving up in my career. Normally I'd just be disappointed and think well there's plenty of big companies I can apply to. Now that I know I don't have my degree I have no confidence that I even stand a chance. I can't even talk to anyone in my family about it, they all think I have my associates and I'm just too embarrassed to tell them. I feel absolutely awful and worthless. 

I'm making a plan to finish my courses and I'm still sending out my resume. I just am so disappointed with myself. Anyone else ever been through this?