I’m on vacation but I am miserable
I am on vacation with my parents, sisters and little brother. My parents speed planned this. They bought tickets in November and barely planned. We’ve had cozy vacations before but we also have shit ones like this where there was no planning and you wish you were home the whole time. My sister is arriving later tonight and my other sister is arriving tomorrow. We are a big family. Vacations like this are usually miserable due to us squishing into suites meant for smaller families. In the suite we are in now, there are 2 bedrooms making a total of 3 beds. There is also a 4th bed in the living room couch. My parents packed a blow up bed. I have no idea where it’s going to fit. I’m stepping over everyone’s stuff trying to get my clothes and shit. Its very cramped. The resort only allows 5 devices to be on WiFi at once and there are 6 of us. It’s a problem. I don’t like being stuffed in such close corners by my family. My sisters go to bed at like 9pm, and so does my little brother because they make him(he’s 15). At night I like to stay up and relax and browse reddit, or do some writing for blogs I work for. I can’t. We are in Las Vegas but no one in my family drinks. So I have no idea why we’re here. My parents say they want to see a Michael Jackson show but it would bore me to tears. I am the only person in my family that wears makeup, my mom and my sisters don’t wear any so I feel nothing like them. I’m the girly one that got sent to boarding school for high school after skipping class to hang out with boys at the private school across the street. That was years ago, I am a writer now and have a college degree. One of my sisters went to an ivy and has a stick up her butt every time you talk to her. I don’t like spending time with them, they’re so Christian and saintly it makes me want to shoot myself. I hate being here. I’d really rather not be here. I did not want to come. We are at one of those family centered resorts really made for families with little kids where they show kids movies and have board games and “hot chocolate socials”. There is no bar and the indoor pool/jacuzzis close at 8pm. I am dying. I wouldnt drink or smoke around them any way, I just never would, it would give them heart attacks. They would die of shock. Hate my square ass family (minus my little brother, its not his fault)