How to disclose a disability in online dating?
Okay! Backstory: 
I’m a woman in my mid-20s and to look at me, you wouldn’t know I am legally blind. That is, I have lots of functional sight (I can read, recognize people up close, etc.), but I’ll never recognize you from across the room, I can’t drive, and I walk into things, like walls and other people, a lot. I don’t use my cane as often as I should (even though it helps) because it makes the people around me act in bizarre and obnoxious ways, and I generally appear to have much more sight than I actually do. I can get away with “faking it.” My friends, family, and partners often forget I can’t see.
But, I’m getting a guide dog soon! I’m over the moon about it, but unlike a cane, I can’t fold up a dog and stuff him in my purse when the reactions of others become inconvenient.

Actual question: 
When it comes to dating strangers (usually online), I’ve always refrained from mentioning my sight until well into the first date, at the very least. I don’t mind disclosing, but I’ve found that even the most well-intentioned people have strange ideas about disability, and especially blindness, that I don’t want projected onto me before I have a chance to prove that I’m a fairly normal, aggressively independent person.
With a dog though, my normal “fake it” routine is being derailed. So, how do I bring up the “blind thing,” which I can no longer hide, without coming across as high maintenance? Particularly in online dating, how should I mention this? Would it be an immediate turn off? Should I include my cane or my harnessed dog in pictures and wait for them to ask? Should it be in my bio? Few people will actually say “I don’t date disabled folks,” but a majority of the population would rather not deal with it. The minority who prefer it tend to like “vulnerable”  people and are creepy as hell, and I certainly don’t want to attract that type more than I already do. 

TL;DR: I usually wait to tell people I’m visually impaired, but with a guide dog, I won’t be able to postpone that conversation. How do I bring up the “blind thing,” which I can no longer hide, without coming across as high maintenance?