I just feel completely overwhelmed.
A few months ago my family and I were in an [accident](http://i.imgur.com/Ijujvq2.jpg). Our S.U.V., which had been a gift from my uncle, [rolled over](http://imgur.com/a/HgiRp) and I was [horribly injured](http://imgur.com/a/Ra2WQ#0) (warning some images potentially NSFL). Having found out upon calling my insurance co. to report the accident that my policy had in fact lapsed I found myself in a real bad situation and it has been a few months with no transportation.

Clarification as to how my insurance lapsed: Our policy began towards the end of Nov. when we received the vehicle from my uncle. I thought that my S.O. had paid the entire 6 months of the policy. We moved in the middle of Dec. For whatever reason (still not sure why) nothing from the ins. co. forwarded to the new address. My S.O. believed that I was paying the monthly bill., I thought it was paid, clusterfuck ensued.

No transportation means that I also can't get any follow-up medical care that I need for my head injury. I had an intraparenchymal hemorrhage and had to have reconstructive surgery done on my scalp to cover the  10 cm x 5 cm area where my skull was exposed. Right now it looks pretty lumpy and gross and scabby, I have no feeling at all in parts of it and extreme pain in other parts. I also still have nightmares and have a lot of trouble sleeping. I used to be a voracious reader, but can no longer read books, though I have worked my way back up to short stories and articles which is a huge improvement over a few months ago. I'm supposed to see a nueropsychologist in August to have my brain functions evaluated, but I figure that will be yet another appointment that will be cancelled without being rescheduled.

No transportation also means that my S.O. wasn't able get to work, he lost his job and has had no luck finding a new job within walking distance. With no income coming in the bills have been piling up. We had the water shut off 3 weeks ago and have to get water from a nearby spring for washing-up, cooking, flushing the toilet etc. Our landlord has been amazing and understanding through this but things have reached the point where he can't be understanding much longer.

The investigating officer upon interviewing me said things that completely contradict what he put in the police report. The skid marks at the scene in no way match up with the skid marks drawn on the police report. There were multiple witnesses at the scene who said that the other driver told them that her child had thrown something at her and she lost control of the car and she hit me, this is noted in the police report (at least it's noted that one witness said it, all other "witnesses" in the police report saw nothing at all). Yet the police report says that I sideswiped her. Her insurance company has not yet denied the claim, but they haven't done anything else yet either. I feel like my lawyer is barely even working for me at this point.

For comparison sake: [the other vehicle](http://i.imgur.com/5y1vxyV.jpg)

Meanwhile my entire life is falling apart, I am in tremendous amounts of pain and can't even go to the E.R. because I wouldn't be able to get home from there. I have been trapped inside my house since April, I had to explain to my child that we would have to live without running water for an indefinite amount of time, I know that worse is coming and I need to prepare myself for it.

I know that there really isn't anything that anyone can say to make this better or less overwhelming for me. I'm sick of being judged for it though and having people not believe me about it. I have a huge fucking crevice in my head, that's not something I'm going to lie about. Thank you anyone who took the time to read this.

TL;DR: Missing a chunk of my head and life fucking sucks.

Edit: Had to fix a few things because it read like it was written by someone with a head injury (yes I can still laugh at myself sometimes, thank goodness)

Edit 2: Adding the link to my [Gofundme](http://www.gofundme.com/Gavin-Bruno) to the OP