I feel like I’m actually doing this right for once
I’m (20m) having my third date with this lovely gal(21F) on Friday. We’re going bowling! We’ve been going at this slow pace that I’ve never gone before, and I haven’t had anything like it. My last actual girlfriend was unable to go on dates because her family was controlling and didn’t know about me. Her mom tracked her phone, watched her like a hawk. So we only saw each other at school. Her mom questioned her when she saw me at my McDonald’s job for 5 minutes. Another girlfriend I had after her only lasted 3 weeks and we only had one date and then saw each other and fucked 2-3 or more times a day. That was nice, besides her emotional instability. That was when I was living in Orange County. Here, in my small hometown, I figured I wouldn’t meet anyone because there was no one to meet. I was wrong.

I met her when I saw her in the building I’m always in at the college, which is the theater building (I’m a music major). She was panicking looking for her wallet and I helped her look. I did some circuits around the inside of the building and she went to the student center to the lost and found. I kept looking and I made a circle around the building. She came back a while later and I was still looking. I stopped for a minute to practice piano but something just pulled me into looking. I couldn’t just stop. No way. So I saw her in the theater again and she was kind of amazed that I was still looking. We exchanged names and went on our way. Next time I saw her she was working at the local grocery store and she shook my hand, said she actually found her wallet. I told her she could find me at the theater building Mondays and Wednesday’s. We saw each other again soon after that and basically said we should hang out but we didn’t exchange contact info. Next time we saw each other was the 50th anniversary concert at the college and I performed with the vocal jazz group and she sung with the chamber choir. She gave me her number but I think it was a texting app. She never responded. I don’t think I saw her for another 3 weeks and I almost completely forgot about her. I was going to sleep on one of the couches in the theater building  and she got my attention and we added each other on Facebook and that’s when I asked her on a date.

This slow pace that we’re going feels like it’s going lightning speed. That’s because it feels natural, and she’s actually interested in me as a person. For the first date we got coffee. That was really nice but super nerve wracking. I ordered a mint tea with honey and lemon because my voice was shot and I had a performance that night (I was supposed to be on vocal rest but I made an exception). When we first sat down I froze up. I kept opening my mouth but no words came out. I visibly expressed some level of frustration and then I excused myself to the bathroom, splashed some cold water on my face and came back. It was all good after that, but I think my nervousness made her nervous too. We ended up talking for 2 hours and played chess (we didn’t finish though). And I think the staff was lowkey stalking us because they thought the date was cute. When we parted I thought about kissing her, but I didn’t and we only hugged. Overall it went well. Her eyes were quite dilated I noticed and I’m sure mine were too.

Next date we went to a nice restaurant and saw Tom Hanks A Beautiful Day in the neighborhood (I HIGHLY recommend the movie, especially on a date!). When we were at the restaurant I sort of confessed my crush on her by casually slipping in “the crush is real” in another context but implying the double meaning. She did tell me that this was the nicest date she’s ever been on. We were planning on seeing frozen 2 but it was showing too late. When we saw the movie it was top 10 one of the most emotional movies I ever saw. I cried and she definitely noticed. But I had my arm around her the entire time, and when it got to the part in the movie where the journalist was asking Mr Roger’s wife what it was like to be married to a living saint, and her response being that she doesn’t like that word because it implies that that way of being is unattainable. I said “what a beautiful way to be” I looked at her and we kissed. A lot. I put my other arm around her and she held my hand. When it was over I told her about an emotional self growth/self love moment I had. I drove her home and she made me absolutely melt because I walked her to her door and we kissed, talked some, I looked to my left and she moved forward to kiss me on the cheek. Something about that made my knees weak. Before she went in, she came back out and said “one more” and kissed me again.

Melted.

What a beautiful experience. It was genuine, it was a lovely connection, and I could argue that it was a spiritual experience. I felt 100% myself the entire date. I have Asperger’s syndrome and I told her that the first date. She said her brother has it too. That’s an important detail because I spent until I was 16 or 17 with a forever alone mentality, until I had my first real girlfriend that was a toxic relationship, and kinda grew as a person and my self concept changed so radically that I feel like a completely different person. Only recently have I actually considered myself to not be severely socially inhibited.

We’re having our third at the bowling alley and I might take her to a thrift store nearby and the ice cream parlor at the merc if it’s still open. Super excited about that, and she’s looking forward to it too. She’s lovely guys. I’ve got a good one potentially.

Tl;dr I don’t even know how to summarize this. Just read it it’s fucking beautiful and I’m really thankful for everything that’s happening in my life.