Why did the bullet not go through her skull, and did she suffer much?
I had to put down my pet dog, Lucy awhile back. She was close to 20 and in bad health. She only had a few teeth left, and they were loose and rotten. She had been hit by a car when she was young and had a bad back ever since. She couldn't control her bladder well anymore. She was losing her eyesight, and her hearing was almost completely gone. She had lumps in her neck that I thought might have been cancer. She had a few episodes when she would yelp loudly for extended periods of time as if she was being kicked repeatedly. One morning my grandmother told me there was something wrong with her. Apparently before I woke up she had been acting weird and stumbling around like she was about to pass out. My grandmother told me she then yelled, fell over and just layed there not trying to get back up. I got to her as soon as possible. She was lying there as if she was just giving up. Her mouth was open, and her tongue was hanging out. She was breathing heavily. I knew she was in pain and something had just happened to her. Maybe a stroke or heart attack. I don't know. I didn't think she would recover, and I knew that if she did, she would only get worse. I knew for sure at the moment she was suffering, and if I let her she would eventually suffer more. I decided it was time to end her suffering. I couldn't stand watching her that way. We didn't have the money to take her to the vet for them to put her down. So I took her outside, and after the most heartbreaking moments I had ever experienced saying goodbye and letting her know how much I loved and appreciated her and her companionship, I attempted to shoot her in the head with my .40. I completely missed the first time. I guess I was so upset that I wasn't controlling the shot well. Lucy jumped up immediately, startled and frightened. However, she didn't go anywhere. Just looked at me as if to say, "What are you doing?" Looking back, I could have decided not to kill her at that point. However, as I mentioned already, if I didn't she would suffer more and longer. So I steadied myself and took another shot. I didn't miss. The bullet hit her skull, but it didn't go through. Instead, it grazed around the side of her head. It left a wound from the top of her head past her ear. She just stared at me, still not going anywhere. I was so pissed off at myself that I had done that to her. Here I was thinking that I would put her out of her suffering, but it seemed as though I was just scaring and mutilating her. I was absolutely taken aback from the bullet not going through. I was disgusted with myself. I knew that the next shot had to count. I wasn't about to have another fluke, and cause her more pain and stretch it out any longer. I didn't trust the bullet to go through her skull, so I did the next best thing I could think of. I shot her in the neck. This time the bullet went through. Blood began to pour. She fell down and began the horrible twitching. I knew that shot had been successful. Please be empathetic with me. I loved Lucy. She was an amazing friend. We had been through a lot together. I was torn apart. I just couldn't let her keep suffering. However, I feel full of regrets. One thing is what I've already described, about how it didn't go as planned. Why didn't the bullet go through? It was a target round because that's the only ammo I had, but still, a .40 round should've had no problem at that range, less than three feet. Did I cause her more suffering than she would've experienced if I hadn't done it? That's probably the biggest one. Next, I wish we would've had the money to keep her healthy and when the time came to have her put down professionally. It just didn't work out, and in a way, I feel I failed her. I think she would forgive me, but I don't know. It just sucks. I'm in tears typing this. I've had dreams about what happened. I've had dreams that seemed so real where we'd be playing together like normal. I had dreams where I'd just walk through the house, look over and see her laying there sleeping or relaxing watching me walk by. Then I'd wake up, and be overwhelmingly sad. It took me weeks to stop looking for her in the house or not expect to hear her walking through the kitchen like always or expect her to run into the kitchen whenever someone was getting food hoping for a snack herself. Any time I think about it, I get very sad and want to just stop. To give you a feel of how much I loved and cared for Lucy, I didn't cry at my great grandmother or grandfather's funeral. Nor did I cry at my great aunt's funeral. I hardly ever cry. That day, I bawled like a baby from the beginning to the end, and I'm crying now. I'd be happy to hear any supportive comments. I want the negative ones as well, though, if there are any. If I'm doing anything incorrectly as far as the post location or format, I'm sorry. This is my first reddit post. I created an account just for this, because Yahoo Answers wouldn't let me post the whole thing. Thank you for your time.