2 years of this is too long...help
Alright so here’s the thing. I’m a (F) in highschool and my best friend is also a (F) in highschool. We’ve been close for a few years but in 8th grade, I started to question my true feelings for her. I thought nothing of it really at first but when we went roller skating with our friends, that’s when I realized she may mean something more to me. We did the couples skate because that was the last skate of the night and we didn’t want to stop skating. We had to hold hands the whole time because that was the rule to do the final skate. I felt really nervous for “some reason” but again, didn’t think much of it. In 9th grade, things got interesting. She shared some really personal stuff with me, one thing being that she was confused about her sexuality and everything. She even said that she thought she liked one of our friends (F). That night, I did something bravely stupid. I almost kissed her. I got closer and closer but I ended up not going through with it cause I didn’t want to ruin our friendship or anything. At this point, she thought I was straight which confused her even more. After that night, she texted me as soon as I left saying that she missed me and everything, we also shared overnight phone calls moving on after that. Long story short, things were revealed and she implied that she might feel the same way that I thought I felt about her. This little flirtatious and leading on stage went on for a few weeks. All changed after she “talked to a school counselor” and revealed that they said she was just confused. She told me this of course after I fully confessed how I really felt which took a lot. She sent me really long paragraphs basically praising me and saying that she needs me in her life basically. After that, she started acting a little differently towards me and I noticed right away. She wasn’t as touchy and she just treated me very differently overall. It made me really sad. We had a sleepover with our other friend and we had a 4am “confession” time and she revealed that she doesn’t wanna be gay but she doesn’t know her sexuality. She also revealed that she thinks or thought she liked this one guy in her class. After our friend fell asleep, I started blabbering and talked about that night and basically revealed that that night was messing me up and I’ve been feeling a certain way ever since. She acted like she was asleep for a while but after I put a blanket over her, she said very sleepily, “you should’ve just done it” of course I was shocked and like so confused. That all messed me up even more. She started acting so distant after that confession night and she ended up taking a break from me and our other friend all summer. The WHOLE summer. No contact with us at all. It was later revealed when she came back into my life that it was partly because of me and everything that happened. A guy friend of ours that just recently came into our lives (whom she had feeling for apparently) helped us kinda get closure from that whole situation but I’m still left sad. Ever since she’s been back, she’s been acting more like how it used to be. Overnight calls every night, she wants to hang out all the time, engages with me, all touchy and stuff. I feel like there’s no way she doesn’t at least feel the same even a little bit. Not with everything we’ve been through and everything we continue to go through. I’m still confused on my feelings for her constantly but I know that I love her. I don’t know if it’s in a different way than a best friend but it’s a strong feeling. I get jealous and upset and sometimes mad at her for no reason which I feel really bad about...what do I do and what does this all mean??