Recently fired and don't know how to proceed.
I am new in my career having just graduated in 2018. I was an IT project coordinator and realized I needed IT experience to properly do my job so I left my previous company in September for a new job. It was entry level desktop support and I had no experience coming in. My new employer knew this and said they would work to train me. When I arrived, there was another guy starting on my team doing the same position as me and there wasn't really enough work for both of us. He also had a lot more experience than me.

Things went really well for about two months and got along really well with the team and my managers. Thirty day review came in and everyone was happy with my work and was told that I had great customer service. On day sixty, I passed a major certification test and had my 60 day review later that day. It was not a glowing review and I was told I need to work on my attention to detail and that they wanted to do a special 77 day review (never a good sign).

On day 77, I was written up for more attention to detail issues and told that I was about to be fired. To me these issues were more related to learning an entirely new skill rather than not caring about details. I am a perfectionist by nature and while I can and do make mistakes, I do care about details. I was told that my probationary period was extended by an additional 60 days. I decide to work hard and keep the job despite the very toxic threat of firing this early on in the training process. My goal was to work for about a year and then leave the company.

During this time, I was a nervous wreck. Next two reviews go really well and I was told that the company was happy with my progress and they like where I was at. Things seemed really good again..... until out of the blue I was fired right before my probation was up. The reason was that clients did not want to work with me because of interpersonal communication skills but that was never fully elaborated upon. I signed an NDA, got two weeks of severance pay, and was escorted out of the building. 

Applied for Unemployment and that is still in review. Highly doubt that I get it because the company is now claiming I was disobedient and rude to my colleagues and managers. That doesn't really matter because I just want a job to support my wife and I. The company says they would give a me a good reference and even wrote me a positive review on linkedIn. They have down as a rehire so I can have new employers call and feel good about hiring me but now I don't trust them.

I have a manager at my last job before this who mentors me that says I should leave it off my resume. He says he will just tell whoever calls that I got laid off and I can say that I have been looking for work while on severance. Not sure this is the correct route to take but I feel like I have to leave this job off my resume. I was only there four months. I have been depressed for the last month because I gave everything I had in terms of effort to that job. I am just now puling myself together. 

What do I do?

TLDR: Fired from new job after four months and was told they would give a good review to the next company. Not sure what to do next.