I miss innocence/youthfulness in dating/romance
I don’t know if this is even the right place for this post, but I felt the need to get this off my chest. Im a 27 year old male, have only been in about 1.5 real relationships and a couple of young heartbreaks/unrequited love situations.

I found myself reading the initial messages between myself and the first girl i “loved” when i was 18 years old. Classic case of became best friends, had way too many feelings, we couldn’t date for a variety of reasons (religions, family, etc). Eventually I couldn’t handle being just friends and it blew up.

But reading the messages just left me with a huge void for a couple of reasons. 1. The idealistic view I had of love and relationships at that age that has seemingly been destroyed by breakups and failures and heartbreak and aging. I understand that’s a part of growing up and it is normal to view romance and relationships different at 27 versus 18, but it leaves me with a bad feeling nonetheless. 2. I miss how innocent it was. How pure it was. There was no pretense or alternative interpreted meaning behind our conversations. There was no pressure.

Since that time, among other things, I have app dated a lot. Like >60 first dates a lot. And this has seemingly beaten down the aspects that made me so hopeful and joyful about love and relationships to begin with. It has become so formulaic, even when it is moderately successful. The dates are grossly similar, the conversations blur together. Always preparing to be ghosted at any given moment. Always prepared to throw copious amounts of money on a date with someone I may very well never see at again. And at its best, it just becomes this pattern of going on a few dates, before feeling pressured that its time for intimacy/physical intimacy or to decide if this relationship is going anywhere. 

I guess this is more of a way to write my feelings out then seeking any specific advice or guidance. I do wonder if any of you out there feel the same way and if so how you deal with it. How do you find ways to keep youthfulness and innocence in your dating life?