Ashamed about my debt and kept it a secret. As of today, $24,900 of cc debt paid off in 17 months.
Lurker for nearly two years here. Some information held back to conceal my identity.

I have no one to tell about this huge victory because I kept my debt a complete secret. I hope that someone who is in debt reads this and knows that you're not alone and you CAN get out of debt. Maybe not entirely. But the journey must start somewhere. I am super lucky I live in Canada where I don't have medical debt and I have a sibling who I could move in with. While I was in debt, my income was about $60k per year. I know this sounds like a ton of money but I live an extremely high cost of living area and when I started to get sick, my income dropped significantly (I am hourly).

In May of 2018, I was diagnosed with a gynecological cancer (I am early 30's and it is not a common cancer for young women...which is why I wasn't diagnosed for some months) and had surgery to remove a large tumour. My tumour was Stage 1 and had not spread. I recovered and went back to work in August of 2018. That was ROCK BOTTOM.  When I went back to work, my debt had hit $24,900 and yes, it was entirely on two credit cards with 19.99% APR. No bank would give me a consolidation loan. My parents and siblings did not have money to spare. My parents had just divorced and my siblings were making large life changes such as buying property (1 sib), having children (2nd sib), and going back to school (3rd sib)...I did not want to ask. I kept it a secret.

My entire debt was racked up between March of 2017 and May of 2018. The triggering event was...my bf of 8 years dumped me out of the blue and left our shared apartment in March of 2017 (while I was at work...). I live in Vancouver, Canada, where a 1 bedroom is about $2000/month. Following being dumped, I had to find a new place to live in a city with a vacancy rate hovering around 1%. Rents were skyrocketing.

When I was dumped, I had no debt. I also had NO savings, as I just thrown my entire savings account at my student loan to pay it off (HORRIBLE TIMING).  So...always have an emergency fund. Do not start paying off debt until you have $1000-$2000 saved up...or else you'll just go into debt again.

I went into debt to pay for an apartment deposit (rent, damage deposit, tenants insurance, moving van ect). Then my car (an old Honda that is still going today) needed extensive repairs (brakes). My hearing aids died in September (Yes, I am partly deaf, and no, these are NOT covered by Canadian health care...my hearing aids were $6000). And I started to get sick and work less. I had no idea I had cancer. I was not diagnosed properly until my third doctor's visit. Around this time, my work was wondering why I was coming in super late and wasn't producing good work. I am a professional (regulated profession, won't say which) and this was scary. I thought I was going to lose my job.

So I racked up ALOT of debt. When I got sick and finally got a goddamn medical certificate signed by a doctor, I had to wait for my Employment Insurance to kick in, and paid my bills using credit cards. I had no short term medical insurance from my workplace. The benefits are shit...anyways.

Here is what I did to get OUT of debt.

\- I moved out of my expensive apartment, sold half of my belongings on Craigslist, and moved in with a sibling over 1 hour from my work (one way) into a really crappy apartment

\- I sold things like my skis on my craigslist. This HURT. But it was cash. Threw that at debt.

\- I started to work at home more to cut down on my commute (I realize this isn't feasible for a lot of people but basically, gas will KILL you, as will wear and tear on your car. If you can't work at home, move closer to work, move into a house with 8 PEOPLE, whatever it takes. Debt is an EMERGENCY).

\- I threw every DOLLAR at my debt. Every payday, I kept an $x amount of money for my cellphone bill, rent, gas, and food, and threw the remaining $ at my debt. If the money wasn't in my account I could not spend it.

\- Stopped buying ANYTHING. I cut my own hair. I made my lunch. I ate shit like crackers and canned soups. I stopped buying clothes. I sewed holes in my clothes. You name it. NOTHING.

\- I did a balance transfer to get some debt onto a 0% card (10 months of no interest, pay $10 per month to maintain the balance)

\- Took care of my mental health by going for walks, riding my bike, reading at the library, grabbing an ice cream, calling my friends, visiting my parents, writing in my journal, going for hikes ect.

\- I got serious fatigue paying off my debt. I felt like I was throwing money at a fire and it never went out. This will happen. It is called debt fatigue. When this happened, I would go for a walk, cry in my car, write down how much I had paid off, write down what I would do when the debt was gone...it helped. You have to push through this. It is incredibly difficult but once the balances start dropping, it gets easier and easier. You start to see the light at the end of the tunnel.

\- I've read this before. You sometimes cannot budget yourself out of debt. Sometimes, it is just too big. I just want people to know, you can be in the darkest hole of your life (for me, that was being dumped by my partner of 8 years at age 32, getting cancer that threatened my ability to ever have kids, and winding up in deep debt) and you MUST stick to the plan, write down your goals, and DO something about it. The bad times won't last. Tough people do.

Fuck...I can't believe it is gone. Thank fuck.

Always have an emergency fund. ALWAYS. If transportation or rent are killing you, be creative to the best of your ability, I know it is HARD out there, I am a renter in an insane market and I live in a CLOSET. My car is a piece of shit. My clothes have holes in them. But my debt is GONE. Do whatever you can!

Bless you all.

&#x200B;

edit. Thank you for the gold.