Are you worried about "lifestyle creep" as you slowly increase your income, decrease your debt, and claw your way out of poverty? Refer to... "The Raw Asshole Rule."
This is a common question we have around here. You get a job making a few more bucks an hour. You finally pay off that debt. You have a little more money than you used to have, but maybe not a lot more. And you start to wonder... is it okay if I increase my budget a little bit and improve my standard of living? Or, since I've been living without this money for so long, should I save it and avoid the dreaded "lifestyle creep?"

Go by the "Raw Asshole Rule."

The Raw Asshole Rule refers to what using cheap one-ply toilet paper every day does to your asshole. When that's all you can afford, you live with a raw asshole. It's not pleasant or comfortable, but you deal with it because you have to. When you are making enough money to afford the nicer toilet paper, you are absolutely justified in doing so. It's not lifestyle creep or extravagance to not want to live with a raw asshole.

Other things can be raw assholes, too. If your shitty beater car is barely safe to drive and constantly in need of repair, that's a raw asshole. You're justified in getting a safer and more reliable car. If your mattress is older than you are and you're always waking up sore, that's a raw asshole. You're justified in buying a new mattress. If your current grocery situation is unhealthy or leaves you feeling gross and miserable, that's a raw asshole. You're justified in upping the grocery budget. See what I'm saying? 

And those are just some obvious/common examples. Even seemingly frivolous things can be raw assholes, if they're important to you. If your wardrobe is threadbare and makes you feel ugly or ashamed, that can be a raw asshole. If you haven't had the money to spend on a social life or a hobby, and that has left you depressed/isolated/unfulfilled, that can be a raw asshole. Anything that consistently negatively impacts your daily functioning, that makes you unhappy every day, can be a raw asshole.

Here's the true genius of the Raw Asshole Rule: if your cheap toilet paper makes your ass raw, you don't immediately jump to wiping your ass with 100% silk sheets. You buy the store-brand Charmin knockoff - just enough to stop your ass from bleeding. Apply that to everything else. Don't buy a brand-new car - buy a safer, more reliable used car. Don't buy a $5k Tempur-Pedic - buy a $300 mattress and a $60 topper. And so on and so forth. This is /r/povertyfinance; y'all don't need advice on how to stretch a dollar. The point is, you don't need the nicest, most expensive stuff to stop your ass from bleeding.

It is cruel to expect someone to live with a raw asshole in the name of saving a few extra bucks. Getting out of poverty, and enjoying the small comforts that allows, is not lifestyle creep. Lifestyle creep only becomes an issue if you're spending money beyond what is necessary to make your asshole stop bleeding. 

So if you're in this spot? Just prioritize the things that make your asshole bleed the most. And enjoy that soft new toilet paper.

And the obvious caveat: Apply the Raw Asshole Rule within a reasonable budget that allows you to continue making progress towards your current financial goals. How you prioritize and budget these things will be unique to your own situation. This isn't permission to blow your emergency fund. It *is* permission to stop feeling guilty about buying fresh veggies instead of canned, or moving to the more expensive apartment in the safer neighborhood. Continue to have a healthy respect for your future, to make sure you never have to go back to using one-ply toilet paper. Metaphorically *or* literally.