What are some flexible jobs with lots of time off that pay at least 40k?
I am currently a GIS Analyst and I hate it. Its the monotony and repetition that gets me. The only time I have actually enjoyed the job is when they were basically forced to send me on a trip to Japan for 3 months because I am the only one in the company who has any cultural or language experience with the country (I taught English on the JET program for 3 years. On that trip we did 3 d scans of old warehouses for the Marine Corps. Otherwise my job is basically a digital assembly line. look at imagery mark features move to the right repeat continue for 8 hours a day 5 days a week for months at a time until you move to a new project marking different features but doing the exact same thing.   


My passion is acting (Specifically voice acting). If I could actually do that and make enough to live I would but unfortunately I dont live in an area where that is possible and at 34 I dont really feel like picking up and moving with no guarantees of begin able to make ends meet. I dont want to be a struggling actor working at a restaurant. I have TWO bachelors degrees and a Masters degree and yet somehow I make $21 an hour and hate my job. I have thought about going back to school for film making (I love movies and television), teaching (I enjoyed it somewhat when I was in Japan and I liked the time off), Counseling (I like people and talking one on one with them), getting a PhD in Anthropology, Geography (what my degrees are in) and trying to become a professor or researcher at a museum or something, trying to break into radio somehow?, and Speech pathology (I keep seeing part time jobs for SLP's that pay around 35 an hour and have benefits. Ideally I would have low hours 40 or less benefits but also flexible enough to continue pursuing my acting and voice acting aspirations. I dont need much in terms of money ( $43,680 per year is fine for me, but I hate what I do all day)  I have no debt and about 40k in savings but I dont want to just blow that on a pipe dream. Any ideas that I haven't thought about?