To everyone who actually took time to read this, thank you for caring for me, a random stranger who probably doesn't deserve getting much help anyways.
My mom just got high blood pressure today. And it's my fucking fault.

Since I don't live with my mom or my dad, I live with my married sister and her family. My parents visit me a few times a year, and recently, my mom was able to come over to Cali since the state she lived in was going to close due to Covid, and she wanted to take advantage of this time and spend more time with me. She comes over, goes into quarantine for 14 days, and everything peachy.

Well, when my mom realized I was still hurting myself, she got really concerned, and made it her life's mission to help me get out of this depression, which I had lied about and said "I'm fine." Dear Mom, I want to let you know that I really love and appreciate you, but for some reason, I just can't bring myself to tell you. I'm sorry.

Within the several days, my mom *really* tried to help me. But I was always bitchy towards her, saying I was fine, and I yelled at her. My mom, she cried sometimes, but she just didn't let me see her doing that. But I could always hear it. And being me, I couldn't swallow down the part of me that hated her, for leaving me and making me grow up faster than all my friends, who had happy families and happy parents, and had the love and emotional support they needed from their own. I was always the one that stuck out, who had to depend on friends instead of my guardians, because they always insisted they were right, and I was wrong. I could never bring myself to talk to the people who supposedly loved me because I always feel like they're lying, that it's their obligation to take care of me, and that they only view me as a waste of space and money and *so much time.* 

I got depression around the age of 11, but I just never bothered to get myself help until I was close to really cracking down from all the stress and anger I'd hold in from all my encounters with my sister and her husband. We don't get along, and they always gang up on me, saying how my best friend did this better than me, I was always so bad at this or that, or how I was so fake and I always lied to them. They say other things too.

My mom started this nightly ritual for me, and it really helps. She'd take Vaseline, which would help heal wounds, and she'd spread it all over my arm where I'd hurt myself. Then after that she takes this long see-through sash, and she'd tie and secure it on my arm so I don't pick at my wounds and scabs at night, because I do that a lot just so I could feel the pain. But every time in the morning and afternoon, I'd always reopen and add more cuts and pinches onto my arms. This really stresses out my mom because I never stop, even if she really begs me to. I just get mad at her and say that it helps me.

Today, I had gotten into a pretty bad argument with my sister and brother-in-law. The previous night, I snuck my iPad into my room (no electronics in my room), and I stayed up till 4 am playing and talking with friends, who were pulling an all-nighter. It was fun, until my brother in law read my messages without me know and he found out. He got really pissed, and they enforced my already strict parental controls on my iPad, and now I can only strictly use it for a few hours at a time. They also deleted a few of my apps they didn't like me using because they didn't use it and found it a waste of time (the apps were things like TikTok and some games). While I was using my iPad, my brother in law got all in my face and pointed out how I already used my iPad for 4 hours already, so he told my sister to block my iPad so I could stop using it. I got really stressed, and I couldn't vent because I could only text on my iPad and computer (which was in the living room, and I didn't want to see their faces). So I resorted to using the back of a scissor blade, and ran it back and forth on my arm with all the scabs, and I scraped off the scabs + 2-3 layers of skin. It wasn't bleeding much, so I just cleaned it and let it dry. 

Then when my mom called me to go on a family walk, I flat out refused, and I started yelling at her for never understanding me, and how fucked up I always felt, and how tired I was (I had cried a few times earlier) and I just wanted to never see their faces for the rest of the day. Then my mom saw my arm, and she just left the room. Then around 2-3 minutes later, I hear my sister freaking out about my mom having a bloody nose. A few moments later, my mom started spitting out blood, and that's when we decided to bring her to the ER.

On the return trip from the ER, my sister just glares at me and says how the blood was triggered due to stress, and how we were lucky it was only some blood, since she could've gotten a stroke. My mom starts trying to explain to me that it wasn't my fault, but she just starts tearing up in the middle of it. Of course, that's the last thing me and my sister want, so we just shut up and try to comfort her before something else happens.

Then at home, after I had taken a shower and was trying not to cry as I explained the whole situation to my best friends, my mom just comes out of the room with Vaseline and sash in hand. She starts binding my arm, even though I was the one who caused her to be so sick, and she acted like nothing happened and tried to comfort me as I started shaking.

I feel so bad. I don't know what to do anymore, and I'm just wondering if my mom really needs a child like me. Maybe she's better off with my older sister and her perfect husband and perfect child. I stand out in the picture anyways.