This sandwich doesn't taste good.
It doesn't. Bizarre as it is, this sandwich just doesn't taste good. It doesn't really taste like anything at all. It should, though. It's got bologna and salami and mustard and cheese and mayo (well, miracle whip actually. I'm a heathen of sandwiches). Tons of flavor. I used to love this sandwich, and I'd eat it while doing things I loved to do. It was my gaming sandwich, my movie watching sandwich, my writing sandwich, my singing sandwich. I think the only thing I never used this sandwich for was foreplay. Mustard stains on the sheets would kill the mood.  


Probably should post this on my throwaway account but...meh?   


I guess it's not just the sandwich. On my other monitor, I'm rewatching Dragonball Z for the umpteenth time. Majin Buu is paused, looking like an idiot. I love Dragonball Z. Watching it is supposed to make me happy. Same with everything else I've tried watching for the past two days...West Wing, Pacific Rim, Jurassic Park, Freakazoid. Temporary distractions, which is good, but ultimately they just aren't giving me any pleasure anymore. Nothing is.  


I'm so exhausted. I've been exhausted for weeks. But sleeping is terrible. All I do is lie there and think about people I've hurt, friends I've lost due to ways I've treated them. There is no atonement when they don't even speak to you anymore. I catch glimpses of them -- accidental Snapchat stories and things like that. I look back on old photos we had and video chats still saved so I can hear them talk to me again. It's a common fallacy in the world that somehow "taking responsibility" for your actions makes everything okay. I almost wish I was ignorant to my own wrongdoings -- right now, I'm just furious and guilty and there's nothing I can do about it. So I lie there, listening to white noise or comforting ASMR videos to try and keep my brain at bay. Usually though, I'll end up lulling myself to sleep thinking about the different paths of communication after my death. Who will get contacted first, based on which methods and which scenarios? How will certain outliers in my social circle find out? Who will be mad, who will be devastated?  


I never intended on posting to this subreddit. I've lurked here many times when I was feeling suicidal, and I'm not exactly sure why. Reading about other peoples' suicidal ideations is certainly no way to make myself feel any better. And typically, I'd actually feel worse for being in my mental state when I'd read other peoples' stories. Stories of abuse, abandonment, mistreatment. The worst the world has to dish out, that's what would send people to this dark place in their dark times. Me? I'm just...weak, I guess.  


I've been fighting off my own death since I was 14-ish. I've attempted suicide a handful of times already. I was a cutter as a teenager, then I moved to more drastic attempts. Had to be talked down from an overpass once. My most recent flirtation with death was an intentional overdose on my Klonopin prescription, March 2017. That was the closest I've gotten to death. Right after I did it, I called my mom. I wanted to die but...I was still scared. I was sobbing on the phone. When she realized what I'd done, she got the paramedics to my apartment. By the time they arrived, they had to break in my door. I'd lost motor function. I vaguely remember the phone call, and I vaguely remember waking up in the hospital.  


Anyway. This sandwich doesn't taste good. Life has lost its flavor, and I'm exhausted from going rounds with myself year after year.  


In November 2017, my life broke down. Hard. I had been living on my own, in Vegas. I had a great job with a great company, making decent money. It was stressful, hell yeah, and in a micro-view I was unhappy. But if I looked at things in a macro sense, I was doing great. I had a dog and a ton of close friends and even though at that immediate point in time I was working bananas hours, I was hopefully working towards a new promotion. I had goals. I was really trying. I was seeing my primary physician, my psych, and a weekly therapist. Everybody was on board with my mental health. I was diligently taking a new batch of prescriptions that seemed to be working. My therapist and I were several months into the process and I felt comfortable talking to her. I was playing by the rules and life was supposed to work out.  


So, then it all just went poof. I broke down. Stopped going to work. Stopped talking to anyone. Just, abruptly, one day. Didn't show up, didn't call. My brain led a savage counterattack, like it was actually demanding retribution for my happiness. I hid in bed for a few days and then randomly drove out of the state, posting nonsense to Facebook. Eventually my closest friend finally got through to me and talked me into coming home. I returned, but nothing changed. I lost my dog, gave him away to someone who could take better care of him than I could. I went to be with my parents in Ohio to try and sort myself out. Stayed there for about a month. Visited family. Tried to re-center myself. Same closest friend flew out on her own vacation time and helped me make the drive back to Vegas in January.  


Got back to Vegas. Walked into my apartment and I realized -- absolutely nothing had changed. I was still jobless, and most of my friends were mad at my abandonment. And that's not to paint them in a bad light -- not at all. I'm saying, these friends had been previously literally knocking on my door and getting ignored. Calling, texting, trying to reach me, and I'd blown them off. Their frustration with me was out of a place of self-preservation. You can't help someone who won't help themselves.  


And that's exactly what happened. All through January, I stayed holed up in my apartment. I burned through most of my savings, just ordering disgusting amounts of delivery food every night. I neglected my bills. I didn't care, at all. I let my living space turn into absolute filth and waited without emotion for the day to come when I was evicted and had to live, and eventually die, homeless and alone. It was fine by me. I just...I felt like I had been switched off. Whatever drive and instincts had previously kept me going were severed and I was just drifting along the current until I washed up on some metaphorical beach and died.  


Lots of other weird stuff happened during that period. I insulted people, I hurt people, I did things I regret. I think I may have caused that close friend's cat to die. I had some sort of other person or personality "take the wheel" for a few days. It's all kind of a blur.  


But eventually that same closest friend showed up at my door and refused to leave. Eventually she got me to open the door, and basically forcibly dragged me out. She took me hiking. I saw sunlight for the first time in a long time. I had real face-to-face conversation and then we had lunch, something other than Chinese or Dominos delivery. We got back to my apartment and she spent a couple hours with me cleaning the place up. Dozens of garbage bags, filled with old boxes and rotted food, and all of the old toys and mementos of my dog that I'd still been holding onto out of denial. We wiped down counters and started laundry, vacuumed and straightened. She took me to the grocery, bought me real food with actual nutrients. She did a one-woman barn raising.  


She left, and the message was clear: \*you have people who love you, but you have to help us help you\*.  


I didn't.  


In no time at all, I was just as withdrawn as before. Even being slapped in the face by compassion wasn't enough to kick-start my desire to live, to fight, to survive.   


My father showed up one day. I let him in. We started packing my belongings. The movers showed up. We sold my truck. I tried to hold my head high as I said goodbye to my friends one last time.  


"We'll see you in a few months dude."  


"It's just a temporary thing. You just need some time to figure yourself out."  


I knew it was lies. I knew even then, I wouldn't see these people again. I really did love them all, they'd been my friends for years and years and years, through times very similar to this one. But I knew this was different. It felt different. Because it didn't feel at all.  


I drove back to Ohio with my dad, and I did my best to make it a fun roadtrip for him. My mind was swimming and I really didn't remotely care about taking a road trip, but I knew he was excited so I tried to fake it for him. When we finally got to the house, I hugged my mom. She was so happy to see me. So relieved. It's got to be absolutely unbearable when your child is two thousand miles away and sick in a way that you can't help. I took my suitcase upstairs, and sat on my childhood bed.  


And I sobbed. I sobbed tears that hadn't wanted to come out for months. This was supposed to be a way for me to start over, but I knew deep in my core that it was the end. I looked at the four walls of the bedroom of my youth, and knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that I was already dead.  


That was early March. Here we are, nearing the middle of July. I still tried, to be honest. I tried, despite having no desire to do so. I tried to find solace in my family and I tried to rekindle my love for music. I joined a band. I started posting my own solo projects online. The band thinks I'm great, and the solo stuff I've posted to /r/makinghiphop has gotten pretty positive reviews so far.  


And none of that matters.  


I've never thought to myself "the world would be a better place without me". No, I'm fully aware that I bring joy and light into peoples' lives. I'm funny. I'm talented. I'm smart. I'm not half bad looking, either, when I take care of myself. Honest, I know all of that. I just...I don't \*care\*. I'm so exhausted. I'm so done. It's going to be in the next day or so. There are train tracks not too far from my house...I'm just going to park nearby, and start walking along until I can hitch a face-first ride to the afterlife. I can't fight anymore. I can't keep living life where I cry so often, and feel so empty and so guilty. I can't just sit here in my parents' house with no job and no purpose. I'm exhausted. I'm all out of fight.  


This sandwich doesn't taste good.