Are we sheep?
I go to a large, semi-competitive suburban school in the Bay Area, and as application season nears (I'm a rising junior), I'm beginning to realize that I can't stand the people I hang out with. Yes, I'm Asian-American, and most of my friends are Asian-American as well. Yes, I know we place so much emphasis on learning and education and hard work because back home, that was the only chance we had at climbing the opportunity ladder, the only way to ensure stability in life.

And yet, I hate it all. How cheating is rampant at our school, how we've had four major scandals regarding finals being leaked (or stolen) the day before finals day. How we whisper in hushed voices in the back of classrooms, the occasional furtive glance at a senior, about Emma--*she got into Harvard;* about Bryan, who *didn't deserve to get into MIT;* about William, *how is he even valedictorian? He only got into Berkeley.* How we can never be happy for other people's achievements. It's always arched eyebrows, did your parents get you it you're not even good at law/medicine/coding you're not even going into law/medicine/coding that's totally useless doesn't mean anything when it comes to college admissions but yo mate, can you hit me up?

Earlier last week, my friend walked up to me and asked, "So, are you smarter, or is John?" and I didn't know how to respond. I mean, there were so many things I could have said: you can't distill intelligence into smart, less smart, not smart; we're more than the sum of our grades and extracurriculars; how the hell do you measure that? But I didn't say any of it, just shrugged.

It's not uncommon to hear students disparaging "smart" seniors who hadn't gotten into "top" schools. When did we start to measure someone's worth in the number of T10s they were accepted to? But, hearing the comment about Bryan, I guess it's not just those who don't get into good colleges; even HYPMS-bound students aren't immune. It's just--I don't know. I can't stand it, all the toxicity and competition surrounding college admissions. When did we decide that the ultimate factor in how kind/interesting/influential/smart you are is what college you attend?

We're so shallow. Superficial. Packaging ourselves in pretty, sparkly Christmas wrapping, embellished with a perfectly-tied ribbon and a note card that plays at altruism. Part of the problem is college counselors, all the rage right now because *look!* I'm both *rich* and *Ivy-bound*. Here's a list of everything you need to do to demonstrate your interest in political science, to develop a spike: join MUN, Debate, Youth & Government, Mock Trial, TPUSA. Found a Democrats/Republicans club, MUN club at the middle schools, Debate club at the middle schools. Do the UN summer program, the Senate Page Program, YYGS PLE, the other pre-collegiate programs that offer a politics course. Take a mission trip to Africa and bring the people clean water. Organize a book-giving service to impoverished children in Laos. Check, check, check. Nothing more than a checklist, that, when completed, will realize all of your Ivy League dreams. For a second, the admissions officers are fooled.

So we lose the spark that drives us to change the world for the better, or maybe we never really had it. And even if we're truly passionate about a subject, and we do get into T10s, what happens after? Sell-out culture. Starry-eyed freshmen wanting to be human rights lawyers like Amal Clooney, now going on to law school and working at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen, and Katz. Others can't resist the allure of six figures at Goldman Sachs.

I don't know where I'm going with this post, only that I think the high school/college/higher education system is very much flawed. We aren't better people. We're just good sheep.

note: names changed for privacy.