Should I join a startup as intern or stay at my current corporate job while finishing school?
Hello reddit,
Need some help regarding my career situation. Some background info:
22M in Canada, in university for Business Degree, has one more year left (8 courses)
Current job: Part time contractor at one of the biggest oil and gas company in Calgary, Canada, making about 50k CAD a year, doing it while in school, I used to intern here and that's why I have this nice gig. I have a lot of coop experiences at big oil companies. Love my coworkers, and my boss, he is the most caring and chill manager I've had so far. I pretty much can stay part time until I graduate and very confident that I will receive a full time offer from this company (already verbally confirmed from my boss) making about 80k CAD right after graduating. The work itself isn't too exciting (IT Application support) but its not demanding at all, I prob only work half of the time and chill for the rest. 
Potentially I have an offer from a startup in San Francisco coming up for this summer, 4-8 months term. They just raised their series A and prob doing their series B this year. I believe in their mission and business model. I will be helping out with their business team doing project management and operation roles. The pay isn't great, like 15 US a hour. They are looking to double their headcount this year and I do think I have a good chance to stay full time after internship. I always wanted to work at a startup because I believe I can learn a lot there vs at a big company since they will be growing really fast. And I love SF as a city, so much more things to do than Calgary. 
My problem: SF is a really expensive city to live in vs where I am now, I am looking at double the cost of living. And 50% pay cut vs what I make now. So every month I am there I will need to put in my own saving while working at that startup. And if I were to leave my corporate job now I doubt I will be able to get it back after. Also there is a chance of full time at the startup which means I wont finish my undergrad degree (1 year left). Talked to my family and friends about it, all of my friends support me to go but my family not so much. They think I should finish school and my job is really good so I should stay at this oil company. But my argument is that if the startup fail I can always come back to school and finish up (you can take 10 years max to finish your degree), and the learning experience/opportunity I will have at that startup is very valuable, I see it as my ticket into the tech industry. 
What would you guys do in this situation? Stay corporate or take a bet at a startup?