Sooooooo I went on a date with the teacher’s son and he felt me up, turns out he was acting as if I was his old gf
Backstory(kinda boring tbh):

So I met this guy while I was on a school trip and his mum(who is a teacher and is really sweet) brought him along. I developed a crush on him and we both had a crush on each other until I ghosted him for a month(at this point we had been talking for 4 months via text and hadn’t met up since the school trip) then we both lost those feelings). We then talked for 9 months until we actually met up irl.

So now I had talked to him for over a year at this point. My friends then shipped us and on NYE my friend Milly pranked him by telling him that I liked him I liked him(she stole my phone), but then he said he liked me too. Turns out Millie was texting him privately telling him to say that and he didn’t know it was a prank. But I went along with the prank pretending saying I liked him(lying). But then he still said he liked me, so I convinced myself that I liked him(which I now know I don’t). I said I wanted to think about if I wanted to date him bc I knew he was kinda a player.


ACTUAL STORY:

So the teacher’s son(who I had been texting for a year and had met up with 4 times) asked me to go to the movies AS FRIENDS so I said sure. We got food before and he put his arm around me a couple times but let go quickly, obviously nervous.

When we got there he put his hand on my thigh and I acted as if I didn’t notice. Once the movie started I put my hand near his and he grabbed it and held it. Then he put his arms around me and put his head on my shoulder, eventually he started lightly kissing(and I mean I couldn’t even feel it I thought it was an accident) my neck, hair and shoulder. I was trying to lean away from him(so his head wasn’t resting on my shoulder) but he had his arm around me so I couldn’t.

I went to the bathroom to freak out to my friends. When I came back I grabbed his hand and held it. He started rubbing my thigh, slowly inching up and kissing my shoulder leaning his head on my shoulder for a second and then sitting back up. His hand got really close to my crotch and I tensed up, he noticed and stopped about 2 inches away from my crotch(*). Then leaving the theatre I grabbed his hand and held it. He was fully aware I had never dated anyone before so I thought this was normal first date things. 

After I wanted to know what he was thinking so I texted him and he replied(his old Gf is called Chloe)
“Idk I basically acted like I acted when I was with Chloe and when I realised that in fact you are not Chloe and that you are different it was too late but by then you had reciprocated and then I just went with it”

So I acted like he didn’t just say that and went along with it, until I told him I didn’t want to be a rebound, he said I wasn’t but he knew why I would think that. I basically just went off on his and we argued for another hour. Then after all that we both kept saying “we can just be friends if you want” and then I eventually said that and he replied “ok gn” and I said “goodbye and sorry”. I eventually apologised(**). 

Aftermath:
I cried a couple tears because I didn’t want to stop dating him, but then I realised I didn’t really like him, or maybe I do? I’m not really sure tbh. He still likes me and thinks I like him. I’m keeping up with this whole ‘just being friends’ with him and it’s going really well.

WHAT I NEED ADVICE ON:
So now what? Do I tell him? Keep him thinking I like him just incase I change my mind? Do I like him? I NEED HELP




* He actually ended up apologised for that after via text and I said it was fine but he said he was really sorry

** I said “Look, I’m really sorry about yesterday. I wasn’t really angry at you thinking I was Chloe or whatever I was more upset that I reciprocated and you didn’t want that. One of my friends says that I tend to ‘deflect my problems into other people’ or ‘blame myself for things that aren’t my fault’ so I think that’s what just happened. Sorry. Also I’m off my pill and it’s shark week so I’m incredibly impulsive and all of my emotions are revved up, complete with mood swings. I know it’s not really an excuse but just thought it was relevant information.”