My father believes the black/muslim/jew people are out to get us (european) whites. He tells me to "open my eyes" and he hopes that my children won't "end up wearing turbans.". I hate him.


He frequently makes jokes in VERY bad taste (not to him, he finds them hilarious and laughs when I get upset and tell him to stop) about jews, muslims, blacks and gay people (although he doesn't think gays are taking over the world, he's just disgusted by it but he's okay if they do their thing in privacy). He claims he's not racist because

a. he doesn't mind them as long as they stay out of europe and

b. black people are the racists.

He spends hours reading some online websites and articles, which basically feed him this stuff (he was racists to start with and only got worse). He seriously believes that the "white man" will soon become slave of the "coloured man".

I can understand distrust of the "strange". If you grew up in a 99.9% white country, with no muslims and no gays (officially), it'll be hard for you to let go of some of that. And there are places where immigrants from outside of europe don't seem to integrate that well. But the level of hate and distrust he has towards anyone that's not white is really something else entirely. It's a combinations of paranoia and pessimism.

He believes that the cultural differences are too large to allow for proper integration of muslims and black people into a white, european society. I find the idea that all black people are part of the same culture insane, but that's what he believes and you won't sway him.

The annoying thing is, he's a very well read man. He knows (to some degree at least) 4 languages, he knows a lot about history of Europe and the rest of the world as well to be honest, he knows a lot about politics and a lot about philosophy. He's always learning something new, looking up random things to learn more. He's hard working, talented and friendly (unless you're part of those groups he hates obviously), but I really just dislike him. He's a bit of a dick to my mum as well but that's a whole other can of worms.

I can hardly spend time with him when I visit my parents. We all love watching movies but god forbid there's someone black, turban-wearing or "jewy"-looking on screen. He immediately has to comment on that (he comments on many things throughout the movie as well which annoys the hell out of me). When the credits roll he likes to point out the Jewish names. It's all so absurd it's almost funny, but you really get sick of it after a while. I think Woody Allen is the only Jew he likes, but he thinks Jews are running the banks and businesses and hollywood so he hates them.

If there's someone on TV that's not white (he's fine with Japanese, Chinese etc (don't wanna say "asians" because I mean those certain countries, not India and middle east etc) although he tends to comment on their eyes) he'll immediately go "oh look at that nigger. look at that nose" or something. If it's a guy in a turban it's more like "oh you motherfucker go back to your own country, don't you have some bombs to set". He'll also comment on the gays or if someone's just a bit "gay looking", but as I said, he's not worried about them taking over the white man's world so it's not AS bad (but god forbid "those abominations" try to start families...)
It's such a hostile environment to be in. I see him once every month or so but I get sick of him immediately and dread spending time with him.

I honestly don't even know how to argue with him. I don't know what to say! Some of the stuff is so absurd I just have to laugh, but it scares me. He's my dad, and he's never been bad to me as such, and I feel like I should love him because he's my dad but he can be such a moron and I actually hate him and hate spending time with him. He's poisoning my mum (who is easily influenced, a bit naive) with his ranting as well and I love my mum and don't want her to become like him.

I hate my father. For these reasons and many, many more. And the fact that a lot of the time he makes those jokes just because he knows it annoys me and when I get up and leave because I don't wanna listen to him anymore, both my parents are just like "oh come on, you're so easily offended". I wanna tell him that he's wrong but I don't even know how to. I don't know how to and where to begin.

I don't know what I'm expecting here, but I had to get this off my chest.



**PS: I can't believe Racist_Dad was available!**