17 and my mum kicked me out and I really don't know what the right action is.
I'm going to try and keep this as concise as possible. I've never had a good relationship with either of my parents, I haven't seen my dad in years and me and my mum either fight alot and don't talk at all. About two months ago (three months before my 17th) she kicked me out on the grounds that I don't listen to her at all and that I'm basically a bad son and not a functioning human being, It's probably worth mentioning that I'm a)diagnosed with GAD, OCD, persistent depressive disorder and that not only has she been physical towards me but before i was made to leave she punched me in the head.

It has since been about three weeks since and I have applied for school, and to get payments from the government as I live in Australia and that is as far as I've gotten. I wanted to go home for a very long time but it has now gotten to the point that I'm not even sure, I don’t want to seem dramatic but everyone has so far sorta seemed like they’re not on my side. The conditions on which I can come home are very vague and so far it seems that I'm just at the whim of how my mum feels, no one wants to give me any time frame and I’m expected to achieve well in school in an environment that I'm really not comfortable in (a family friends house)

I don’t know if I should apply for government housing which would in theory allow me to live independently or if I should just wait and see if my mum want’s to take me in but where I am now honestly I'm probably just gonna kms as it would seem the most logical all things considered. The person I’m staying with seems to think that I should wait but she’s also super hard to convince of anything and seems to think that inaction would be the best action.

I really don’t wanna live this life anymore and I don’t know what the hell I’m meant to do or think, but I know if I don’t do something soon then I'm probably not gonna make it to to school orientation and definitely not the sweet age of 17. 

I’m sorry if this seems like a mess or incoherent but I’m just getting to the end of my rope and need advice or honestly anything.