I got a gun to kill myself and my parents found out about it before I could do it.
Hello, everyone. Pretty long rant ahead so grab something if you care to read.

I'm a 17-year-old dude, I live somewhere in North Africa, I've been dealing with mental illness for more than 3 years now. I'm kinda traumatized because of all the bullying I've been dealing with since I was young, I don't really get bullied now but I can get verbally hurt as I can't really deal with the other party due to the lack of my social skills. Anyways, I didn't have any chance to make a good long-term friendship in my short life. Mostly, they get bored of me or I just push them away. I decided to go to a therapist because those problems were affecting me in a very bad way and distracting me from studying. But it didn't help much since the therapist wasn't that good. I decided to cut myself and do other forms of self-harm, whether it's starving myself or purging whatever I ate, etc.. A year later, my parents noticed my unhealthy behavior and decided to take me to a psychiatrist, I was diagnosed then with Schizophrenia and Severe Depression, I began to take medications and they helped me a lot but the side effects were taking away a lot from me, my memory was and still pretty corrupted and I wasn't able to do everyday activity, in addition to blurry vision, vertigo, etc., I was in the last year of High School and exams came so I stopped going to the psychiatrist. I got a really bad grade despite doing my best, I stopped taking my medications cold turkey. I went to a below-average college and my mental state is really declining. I was able to get a pistol but my parents found out about it. My plan was ruined and I'm under some kind of suicide watch. I really can't take it anymore, just everyone telling me to "Man up!" and "A lot of people are going through worse", I'm also kinda guilt-tripped.

I just came here and wrote this from a throwaway account because no one really listens to me, most of my "friends" can't really be relied on, and I felt like taking this off my chest. Thanks to whoever read the whole thing.