I was scammed yesterday and I feel devastated.
Yesterday afternoon after I got off work, I stopped by a gas station to get something inside.

A young man came up to me and asked if he could use my phone to call his mom. I usually am not one to lend out my phone, but with everything going on in the world I figured I could show some compassion.

So he walked with me inside, at some point he said she wasn’t answering so he would text her.
I then proceeded to check out at the register while he was “texting”. I asked him if he needed gas money and he said no and then we walked back to my car.

I leave feeling like I did a good deed by helping someone out. 

Well, today I logged into my bank account and saw my account was overdraft by $700. My stomach sank and I looked at where it came from. Turns out, he went onto my cash app and verified through text message. He then proceeded to transfer himself approx. 1300 (most of which I didn’t have). He then quickly deleted all messages between cash app and exited the apps.

I immediately called my bank and they canceled my debit card just in case and will pursue a dispute once the charge posts.

While I’m optimistic that the funds will be restored, I just really feel like crap. I had just crawled out of years long debt and was finally starting to slowly save and then Boom! Life is thrown at you. It just feels terrible to work so hard and then get it all stolen by a man abusing kindness. I also attempted to file a police report but the officer called me, I told my story, and then he said he’ll call me back to get more info. He never called back. I wanted to file the police report to make the county aware of this scam that could affect others and to bolster my fraud claim.

I’m sorry for the rant. If I’ve learned anything it’s too not be too trusting of strangers, which unfortunately I will have to take to heart from now on.



Update 1: The charge posted yesterday evening and my bank automatically submitted the fraud claim. I logged into my bank and account and I was issued a provisional credit. If the transaction is deemed to be legit or the merchant (cash app) issues a credit, the credit into my account will be reversed.

As far as a police report, I’m going to physically go to the police station to file a report today. I’m also going to see if the gas station has surveillance they would be willing to hand over, I imagine that may be a legality issue but I’ll try it.

Thank you all for your words of kindness and advice. I honestly appreciate it. A lot of good advice has been given and other scams revealed, so what was intended to be just getting my feelings out hopefully has opened the eyes of others, as myself, in the scams that are lurking. 

A lot of people have mentioned to not let this ruin my kindness, and they are right. I will continue to help others when possible; but I will be vigilant and prepared if they have nefarious intentions from now on. I Thank all of you for your caring words and advice!