can I ask to get laid off? help please!
So I recently had a normal weekly meeting with my boss. She was showering me with praise during this meeting, saying they are "so impressed" with my work, and how how I've been "instrumental" to the changes taken place in the department. Then, at the end of the meeting, my boss told me "by the way, this isn't because of your performance, but we are cutting your hours down to 10-15 hours per week because since hiring a new person in the department, we don't have the money in the budget for your hours." I think this is a classic case of choosing to hire a new person for crap pay, and try and phase out the seasoned workers who you have to keep giving raises to. Obviously it pissed me off but I try to understand it's not personal and it happens to people all the time. I'm looking for jobs and furiously applying.

The real problem is that I live over 60 miles from the office, and regularly work from home for part of each week, but now my boss is saying my "new schedule" will consist of two 6 hour days in-office. I already told my boss at our meeting look, that doesn't work for me, I cannot afford to spend 1/2 my earnings in gas to get there and back. But they're apparently taking away working from home as a privilege (even though I did nothing wrong.)

I'm going to have a frank discussion with my boss this afternoon and explain my dissatisfaction with this arrangement, and also, I really want to ask to just be laid off. The meager pay I'll be receiving for roughly 12 hours of work per week, barely makes it worth it for me to drive over an hour each way to the office. I think they have decided to drop my hours instead of lay me off, because there's still some projects I'm working on for them and they want to get every last drop of work out of me rather than just let me go now. They have to  know that for any adult human being who owns a home, 12 hours of work per week factoring in the distance I travel, is not a sustainable income. 

I wanted to hopefully get some opinions and find out if "asking" to be laid off is even remotely a possible thing to do. I am thinking of putting it to be boss this way, saying: "look, I know there probably was some discussion behind the scenes about if it would be possible to keep me onboard or if I would have to be let go. I'm guessing the choice to keep me on for 10-15 hours a week is the max that was allowed in the budget. For me personally, as I explained, this is hardly sustainable even during the process of searching for new employment. I want to find out if a lay off was ever in the cards and if that could be a possibility instead of the decrease in hours."

I'm afraid she's going to take that as me quitting, which is obviously not what I want because it ruins my chances of collecting unemployment. And I also fear that if I truly were to get laid off, it would make it a lot harder for me to find a job (being unemployed). I need advice please!