FINALLY at peace, excited, and have accepted the fact that I will probably not find a long term partner
almost 34 this year, been looking for a LTR for the past 12 years  (off and on). hookups, some LTRS that did not work out.

It all took a ton of work. nothing came into my lap. I never really met someone through friends. lots of dates with women that I Was excited about that were not into me. a few relationship where I wasn't really feeling it but kept at it because I thought things would grow (and they didnt). dating someone I was actually excited about  for about 3 months and it was an incredible experience - until she ended it. I'm the kind of guy that believes "you just know" and you need to find a women you are truly excited about, and the ones I have been have never been into me (or never longer than a few weeks) and its been 12 years, I think I know where I stand and its safe to say its probaly not going to happen.

and I'm already pretty much optimized. I'm in great shape, good job, good social circle, etc. I do love myself and I am striving to be my best self. But its just not doing it for the women around me that excite me, and thats I guess what it is. if anyone asks, I don't have unreasonable standards. I meet these type of women all the time. 

6 weeks ago, I woke up, and I just stopped caring. something clicked.  maybe it was the fact that I got TRULY excited about picking up piano again. I was also reading about some great travel destinations. I started getting excited about life more. looking towards the positive. I deleted all my dating apps. Ive done this before, but those times it was to "take a break"; this time its different - its because I simply don't want to try.

since then, life has been so much better. There is a certain new "peace" that has overcome me. I'm excited about my career more, about my future path, about picking up music again. about re-connecting with some friends. about bringing value to peoples' lives and giving back.  I Started volunteering once every two weeks. I'm envisioning the next decades of my life as a blank slate that I Am free to write as I please with no contingencies on another person. the prospect of never finding someone, for some odd reason, just doesnt bother me anymore. in fact, it excites me - all the freedom I can have to myself to grow and do what I want.

I just want to re-enforce that, coming from someone (myself) that has always wanted a partner,  you can find peace/contentness at the prospect of not finding someone. I finally got over that hurdle.