Accept new, possibly more secure, position or stick with current job and hope covid doesn’t leave me jobless in a month?
After finding myself unemployed for the first time in my adult life, I struggled to find work. Finally, after months, a company I was excited about made me a great offer for a position that was an advance in my career. This was about a month ago, I started a couple of weeks ago. And then...coronavirus. My current job is 100% reliant on the ability of people to socialize in person, but is not a restaurant that can pivot and offer delivery or take out. I still have my job as I am in the corporate office and they plan to reopen, but I don’t know how long they can keep paying us when no one knows when we will be able to open again.

When I was interviewing for this position, I was also interviewing with another company that I was equally excited about. They didn’t move as fast as the place I work now, but I kept the conversation open as I wanted to at least see it through if they wanted to continue to move forward. This position is a pay cut from the current, and a lateral career move from my prior positions, but they are more focused on the digital space, which feels more secure at the moment. They made me an offer this week and I am so torn on what to do. The pay is less of an issue as there is great room for advancement, and it’s great pay for the position, but it is about 1k less per month take home. 

Both companies are great companies, commute (if and when that happens) are minutes different, similar benefits packages, great company culture. If it wasn’t for covid, I’d likely stick with my current position since it’s a great career move and there is nothing I could complain about really. 

To make this harder, because I was on unemployment the last few months, I don’t have any left to claim should I stick with this job now and get laid off shortly after. 

I know no one knows what is going to happen with this coronavirus, but I am looking for any opinions or advice, maybe something will click and help with my decision. My dad just died about a week ago too, and that is making this even worse as he was definitely someone I could go to for these things. Thank you all for any input!