Advising a Student to Pursue Student Affairs
Okay r/studentaffairs, outsourcing for a situation that I'm a little too close to. A former student that I know spent their undergraduate career working in housing, student conduct, and volunteering in other offices around their big state school, and then graduated and worked in housing for a year (live-in role similar to a hall director, but with fewer responsibilities - I don't think they had full-time status, but I'm not certain) with plans to apply to graduate school in the field that they graduated in. They recently had coffee with me and shared that they really like working in the college environment, really liked the work that they did in student affairs, and can't really decide what to do next.

I think that the student would be a perfect fit for student affairs, but they're really set on pursuing a PhD in a science field and teaching. They think that they could get involved in student affairs from the academic side, I think because their alma mater encouraged faculty to hold additional responsibilities around campus (ie; the LGBT organization on campus, cultural/religious centers, themed housing communities, are all directed by overworked faculty, with help from student workers, graduate assistants, volunteers, or occasionally one or two part-time staff). I get the impression that this isn't really the case everywhere else, and faculty are more removed from student affairs - can anyone share attitudes about this at their universities? General locations would be welcomed, or if anyone wants to message me with more specifics.

I want to make suggestions for other careers in student affairs that this person could pursue, but I'm drawing blanks. They don't like their role in housing, they don't want to continue in student conduct, and the other offices that they've encountered seem a bit too specific. But they're starting to lose interest in pursuing a PhD now, and I don't want them to be a statistic of PhD drop-outs. I feel like I may be too close to the situation to advise well.