My CEO changed my job entirely in one day and now requires me to be out of town 2 weeks of the month. I'm a single mother and need advice. Can he do this?
I have been with a start up type company for 3 years. It's kind of confusing because I have been working in the same position but serving 2 of their sister companies as well. My boss told me that the companies split my salary.
About a year ago - my paycheck source changed. Over the course of 3 years, the name of the parent company paying me has changed 3 times.
And a few months ago, one of those companies (that I helped get on the INC 5000)list laid everyone off. The CEO of that company did it from his private jet on his way to a luxurious vacation and posted about it on Facebook. No one was happy.
My CEO has always been pretty fair imo. But, it's been very strange trying to understand all the moving parts.
Last Friday he told me that I am moving exclusively to the OTHER company and I will most likely be required to travel 2weeks of every month. TWO WEEKS.
I am a mom and I honestly don't know how I'm going to do this. I make 6 figures and this is very, very important income. But, I am very concerned.
4 hours after this happened....at 10pm on Friday night -- my NEW CEO emailed and asked for changes to be made to an existing project I completed months ago. He wanted it ASAP. I couldn't get in touch with the editor, so I told him I would do my best.
He told me to call him after 1pm on Saturday to discuss my new role and projects -- I called twice. Left messages and he never returned them. Instead, he was posting on Facebook that he wanted to "meet up for dinner with cool interesting fun people -- that he had a 6pm reservation...and asked top networkers to meet him.
So he does weird things.... and he doesn't even respond to me.
I am very concerned about my status. Can a CEO change your job description so radically (mandate travel 2 weeks out of the month)... and get away with it? Do I have any recourse?

If I say no -- I guess I'll be fired?