Complete recovery after depression is a realistic expectation?
 Hey, before depression took over my life I\[23F\] used to be such a happy person - joyful, positive, hyped about all kinds of activities, passionate about life. Before finishing college I used to think that lack of time is my only problem, I had so many plans and wishes and I used to think that depression isn't a real thing, that some people just choose to be unhappy. And then it hit me - repressed childhood trauma, unhealthy relationships with my family members and too many disappointments in my love life gave me depression.

At first I thought it's only a bad phase and I was expecting it to end soon since I was about to start my summer vacations. I had planned a 2 weeks trip to Scotland and I was really hyped about it for like 6 months before leaving, but somehow I couldn't enjoy it, I only wanted to sleep and be alone and I was struggling to get through each day without being rude or visibly irritated by everything was going on around me. That's when I realized that "bad phase" was a special one, but I only decided to get specialized help when I was already 4 months deep into it. At that point I was a mess, crying several times every day, spending all my free time sleeping, being terrified of my own thoughts, started thinking about suicide, pursuing a toxic online relationship, being unable to watch movies or reading books due to losing my ability to concentrate. At that moment, one of my best friends told me I was only a shadow of the person I used to be. The best feeling I was able to get about anything was "this is almost acceptable".

After my first visit to the psychiatrist I was put on medication and after only one month things became a little bit brighter for me - Christmas was coming and I started WANTING TO DO STUFF AWAKE!! I started watching netflix again, playing video games, hanging out with friends. I was still sad mostly, but I was able to enjoy these things from time to time which was nice. I also got fired right before Christmas for sleeping too much at work and doing almost nothing because of my depression, but I wasn't even mad about it. I mean, I cried because crying was like my main occupation (along with sleeping) and because I knew that's what I'm supposed to do when I get fired but I didn't really feel much about that event. In January I went in a trip to New York with one of my best friends and I enjoyed every moment of it! Then I came home and started looking for a new job. I was so relaxed and carefree and I was becoming my old self again. In February I started a new job and shortly after that I stopped my antidepressants treatment.

But I feel like **this journey of becoming my old self again is never going to be complete**. Sometimes I get close to what I used to be before this whole thing but I can't sustain that, like the old-happy-me is visiting sometimes but she doesn't wanna stay. Even though things go great for me now (great new job, great old friends, new healthy romantic relationship) I am mostly anxious and scared. I can't be genuinely happy with the good things I have in my life, because the fear of losing them and going straight back into depression is overwhelming. I heard things like "you'll never go back to what you used to be before depression", "depression leaves a scar you'll have to live with your entire life", "depression is a part of growing up, you just can't go back". I am starting to believe these things and it's sad. Are they true? I have no chance to going back to my old self?