I love him, but I think he's more preoccupied with the past.
I don't even know where to start with this one. I'm not sure how much of my problem is actually real and how much is insecurity, but I figure it's more productive to get it off my chest than to just stew about it. I'll try to make it as concise as possible.

...

I've been in long-term relationships before, but I can honestly say I have never felt as strongly about the people I've dated as they have about me. I was never the first to bring up "I love you" in a relationship, nor to push the whole public affection thing. I'm just not like that. I never really had any desire to get married and start a family with any of the previous people I dated, although most of them (except one abusive asshole) were, and still are, great guys. I've always had an idea of what my "perfect" candidate for a husband would be, although I wasn't sure I'd ever meet him.

About two years ago, I did meet a man who turned out to be... pretty much exactly what I was looking for. We took it slow, since I'd just broken up with someone a few months prior, and he also had apparently been through a very nasty breakup a year or two before (was in love with someone, but she left him before he could ask her to marry him) and wasn't in a rush either. We decided we'd just hang out as much as we wanted to, but not force anything.

Well, fast forward; we are now in a serious relationship. We do not technically live together, as we legally have separate dwellings, but we basically stay at one place or the other all the time. I've met lots of his best childhood friends, and also his family, and he has also met mine. He is the first person I've been with that I really consider to be a good "team player", since we are always able to help each other and work things out. We occasionally have disagreements, but we always discuss them and come to a mutual agreement. In short, things are going amazingly well...

...except I feel like there are some things he is keeping me away from, or keeping from me, one or the other. First of all, although he is quite open to introducing me to his male friends, he is very hush-hush about his female friends. He won't introduce me to them, and I actually have no idea if they're even aware he has a girlfriend. (There's one exception, a female friend he's known since childhood; he did introduce us, and he is well aware that I do not have an issue with him being friends with girls). He also has pictures around the house of other girls he's dated, one of which has been hanging directly above my side of the bed in his room ever since we met. I mentioned it once, and he really didn't give me a response. Whenever I have tried to (gently) bring up topics regarding long-term plans, or past relationships, he refuses to answer me and completely avoids the subject. He has never said he loves me, nor anything even remotely close, and while I do understand that not everyone is demonstrative in that way, I cannot shake the feeling that, although he obviously feels strongly for me, his feelings are likely not at the same level as mine.

I don't know what to do. I want to just tell him I love him, because... I do. I don't want to scare him away or put him under any pressure, though. It's not like I want to get married and start a family any time soon- few years from now would be great- but I want to at least know whether or not he sees this heading in that direction, and right now I have no idea. I feel like he's either still pining for someone in his past, or keeping his options open... I don't know. I just don't know what to do, and it's honestly been making me sick, just because I have never felt this way and it is so hard to keep my mouth shut.

TL;DR: in a great long-term relationship with a man I love, but I don't think he loves me back. Whenever I try to talk to him about related subjects, he refuses to say anything, and I think if I say "I love you" it might put him off completely. Not sure what to do.