I don't know how to avoid kids (serious)
tw: suicide, pedophilia (not sexual abuse AT ALL, but I understand why people might wanna skip this one)

So I'm a pedophile. My AoA (age of attraction) is 6+, meaning I'm attracted to people from age 6 up, including adults (which technically makes me a hebephile, ephebophile, and teliophile but that's just semantics). It was just something that I found out when I was like 16 or so, not something that I did though. It made me majorly depressed and suicidal even knowing I had that attraction, but I eventually (like, years later) figured that life would be okay so long as I never had kids, generally avoided them if possible, and never did anything that could hurt kids (like watching CP or being a creep who wants the age of consent lowered). That was the deal I struck with myself to keep from hurting anyone, and if I ever violate that, I have this pact that I'll jump in front of the nearest train.

Heavy shit, but since then I've gotten in a badass relationship with a guy (2 days older than me lol) I love and intend to marry. He's made me so happy and so excited for the future; I wish younger me could see me now. He knows about my attraction and doesn't wanna have kids ever and neither of us are able to have them, so everything is set up that I don't even have to be around my own children. Still, I'm a very sociable person and I bet that I'll have to be around someone ELSE'S kids when I finally get to that age where my friends are having kids.

I previously got out of hanging out with kids by just saying I'm bad with kids, but then when they persist, I clearly have no actual problem dealing with them. I'm actually pretty good with kids, but like hell I'm going to voluntarily hang around them!

I guess I'm really just am looking for an excuse that isn't "Sorry, I'm a pedophile." Cause yeah, that'll work to get them off my back, but I'll also kms after. Should I keep just lying and saying I'm bad with kids? I dunno, as I'm getting older and being around more parents this is stressing me out...