Bachelors last year + 1.5 years job, should I (22F) pursue a masters degree I don't feel like I need?
Hi all, my mother is putting pressure on me to get a masters degree and I see her point, but I don't feel I need it. I will be 23 in December and I'm from eastern Europe.  
I was always a very good student and last year I got my bachelors degree with honours in Economics (from a respected EU public uni). During the last few months of my studies I started an internship for a very well known financial company, it was supposed to be something to get some experience and pay the rent but I ended up getting a permanent offer with a decent salary and I took it. My mother did not approve as she said I should have gone for a masters degree, but I convinced her to let me work one year to save some money and decide later on.  
Well that moment has come, I've been kepping the foot in two shoes so far and I have all the options open but I need to take a final decision within a month.  
I'm doing great on my job, and despite being obviously very junior I'm getting a little bit of responsibility, I'm being sent on business trips by myself, my boss likes me etc. I like the position but probably I won't want to stay in it forever.  
My mom's point is that without a masters degree I might encounter some closed doors in the future which I totally agree on, but then maybe experience trumps the qualification?  
I would not study and work at the same time, I have a demanding job in terms of time and commitment so it would not work. The masters degree is a 1.5 / 2 years commitment (depending on the thesis).  
I make decent money especially compared with friends my age who are either studying full time or working as waitresses and secretaries. My mom is ready to support my basic expenses for the duration of the master that is rent and basic living, but it would be a downgrade from having a salary since I would feel bad spending too much if I don't earn the paycheck. Family is not very wealthy but we do more than ok money wise.  
  
I really don't know if I should give up this job where I'm (I think) kept in high consideration and the company is one of the world's top institutions. On the other hand, what if few years from now I want to develop into a position requiring an higher degree? Or I want to go live abroad and they don't consider me for that?  
  
EDIT: thanks so much for all the good and motivated advice!! Just to clarify I'm not talking about an MBA but an MSc, or however it's called the natural progression of a Bachelors, and it would not put me in debt since education is nearly free in my country. I think I will do as it was my idea and work few years then when I have more clear ideas go for higher education, it's the best way to go and mom will get over it soon enough (and unleash her overprotective wrath on my little sister who's coming of age!!)