Called in Sick, Told to come in Anyway
Hello, not sure if this is the right place to do this. I've been working at my job for 2 years now, and in the beginning I got sick a lot and would call in whenever I was. I still was a very hard worker, and many of my managers praised my hard work, and even some of the higher ups complimented my work as well. I also would come in on days off or work for hours after my scheduled shift.

So recently, just got a new manager. She worked at the store before, but was never in charge of me. Initially, we didnt like each other, but once she saw how hardworking I was, she began to like me, and same with me, for requested days off were usually approved. I've been working with her for 3 months, and during these three months I haven't called in sick once. I've also worked give overtime hours, and she has written me several times thanking me for how hard I've been working (I work at Safeway so I stock things basically and face)

One of my other managers who oversees the schedule and such, doesnt like me (which most people in the store do like me and even were shocked at some of the things hes done) There was a time he yelled at me during my first year when I needed time off after finding out my Grandma had stage 4 cancer. The past 4 days Ive been feeling very sick. I didnt want to call in because I really wanted the money for Christmas presents for my boyfriend and family, so I worked those days, not taking a lunch either on any of those days to make sure the job was finished. Today though, I felt dizzy and couldn't even get out of bed for a few hours. I've been having a very bad headache, sore throat, runny nose and cough with a heavy feeling in my chest. I'm not sure if its bronchitis or another sinus infection, just a really bad one, but I just knew if I went to work today i could potentially pass out. So, I let my manager know, she didnt say anything. Then I called the store to let them know. My schedule manager answered and instantly was annoyed and I felt terrified because I knew he might yell at me again. I told him I felt awful and was wondering I could use my sick hours for today (whenever I called out previously I never used sick hours, but this time I really didnt want to take a hit to my paycheck) he began saying "this is the worst possible day to do this, she has to count EVERYTHING.  You can't call in you have to come in. You've been calling in a lot again." I tried to fight back tears because I was not expecting him to tell me I couldn't, is that even possible? And I wanted to say I hadn't been calling in, in fact it had been over 3 months of solid working even overtime. But I just said okay. Hung up the phone and cried. My boyfriend told me I needed to be more firm, stand up for myself and learn to say no, but then offered to call.  I told him no, that would make things worse.

My mom also was upset, and told me he can't do that. I told her I already agreed to come in. Now I'm concerned not only will I potentially pass out from being dizzy, but also that I could get others sick.

I'm also now on the bad side of my schedule manager (let's just call him J) again, who yelled at me on the phone. I've even come to work before with a face mask on when I was very sick, just so I didnt get yelled at by him for calling in. I have a very weak immune system, have had doctors notes almost 90 percent of the time I've been sick, and they even see me coughing and having to blow my nose. 

What should I do?