My teacher is horrible.
I'm taking an Abnormal Psychology class at a local community college and the teacher is terrible. I honestly feel like I'm being tricked because of how bad he is. It's an hour and twenty minutes two days a week and I feel trapped.

I get that every teacher has their own teaching style but this seems borderline "malpractice," if such a thing is possible in schools. He sits in the front of the room and tells us stories of people he's treated as a psychotherapist. He sometimes neglects to tell us what psychological disorders (aka the point of an Abnormal Psychology class) these people have and instead tells us about one particular thing they do. Then he has us do an assignment on it.

He told us about a mildly retarded (FAS) girl who was orphaned at 4 years because her mother essentially drank herself to death. No one knew about the mother dying for at least a couple of days and the police only found out because the neighbors reported a weird smell and said they hadn't seen the mother or daughter for a few days. Little girl had been in the house with her dead mother while she decomposed. Cops came in and she was taken to an institution, where my teacher was eventually assigned to be her therapist. When he asked her about when her mother died, she said the police came to arrest her because she killed her mother. She thought she did it and nobody told her otherwise for several years. When she aged out of the program she was in she said "no one will adopt me because I'm retarded and ugly." Our teacher then said "you know what? She was right. She still hasn't been adopted. She's in [name of notorious institution in L.A. that's well known for being a hell hole] and still hasn't been adopted and she never will be."

He didn't talk about her psychological state at all. He didn't tell us if she had any kind of psychosis, he didn't say if she'd been diagnosed with PTSD, he didn't even say if she was depressed. All I know about this girl's mental state is that she had Fetal Alcohol syndrome.

He then told us to "come up with a treatment plan" for her. Didn't tell us how, just gave us the assignment. I'm a psychology student and I have a LOT of psychology classes under my belt, but I have NEVER been told to come up with a treatment plan. He followed that up with "I guarantee you that no matter what you write, that program does not exist. There is no program for children like her."

Then why the fuck do you want us to do it? Why would you give us an assignment, not tell us how to do it, then tell us it doesn't matter? When I asked him about it he got really flustered and eventually said something like "I want you to get used to writing treatment plans."

I'm not learning anything. I haven't learned anything scientific, I haven't learned anything empirical, I haven't learned anything about any psychological disorder other than anecdotal stories about people who just happen to have these disorders. We learn about a particular person who has been diagnosed paranoid schizophrenic and they went and killed a guy with an axe, and then we talk about the guy and not the paranoid schizophrenia.

I tried talking to him about it and the conversation made me really uncomfortable. I asked him for a class syllabus (he didn't give us one even though he's required to) and he gave it to me just now. The date on it is 2010. He hasn't updated it in four years and there's nothing in it about what we're going to do as a class.

This is incredibly frustrating. I don't know whether to just put up with it, tell an administrator, drop the class... I'm at a loss. I guess writing this didn't make up my mind at all, but it feels good to talk about. Thanks for reading it.