Hardly anyone speaks to me at work and I’m having difficulty connecting with my team. What am I doing wrong? Does anyone have suggestions on how to interact with coworkers, especially when you’re one of the youngest in the company?
EDIT: I just want to sincerely thank everyone for their comments and advice. It’s been super helpful and insightful—it’s so easy to get bogged down by my own personal feelings and not consider the perspective of others. I have a lot to consider: how to balance my true self and my work self, proving I’m a good worker, and thinking about if I am a fit long term in this current position or with the company.  I may not get to all your answers and advice but just know it’s appreciated!

—————
I just started a new job a couple of months ago and I’m having a hard time fitting in. It’s my first job out of school in a large company in the Midwest (USA) and I moved here from a North Carolina suburb. I am one of the youngest here. 

I’m a very outgoing person and was very excited to come to this position. I love learning about new people as well. I met with all kinds of people, introduced myself, asked them tons of questions, and tried my best to start conversations. 

But that’s not reciprocated. I often don’t get told good morning (I get no one OWES me this but it’s a bummer), I get ignored in meetings, and no one wants to hold a conversation with me about even the most mundane things. My emails get ignored sometimes too even by those within my function. For the email thing, I probably need to earn my place or something, but it’s compounded by all the other things I’ve been experiencing. 

A couple of examples:

My function had a group call and I asked them what they’ve had for breakfast just to fill the pre-meeting silence and got nothing back. Another person came on and they were willing to talk to them about their mundane question. So I didn’t bother saying anything else and it has made me stop going into meetings too early. 

I went to a team building lunch and no one spoke to me despite me asking them questions about themselves and trying to connect on what they’re talking about. At a table of four, I sat with two other new people and one seasoned employee. One new person asked everyone but me what brought them to the company. I asked her but no one reciprocated. Things like that happened throughout the lunch. I just stopped talking.

It’s honestly made me withdraw into myself and kind of killed my desire to be outgoing. I feel very alone and that no one really wants me there or wants to get to know me. I just sit in these meetings, introduce myself and people say “hi” and nothing else. So I’ve kind of stopped trying.

I know it’s important to be strong and hold out, especially in new positions, but I thrive off of team work and some sort of camraderie. 

It’s probably hard to gauge just from a post on reddit but any suggestions on how I can connect with my team and business partners? What sort of things am I doing wrong? What can I do to improve? Maybe I’m just reading into it incorrectly. I don’t know. I honestly feel like maybe the Midwest isn’t for me...