You're not sorry
This probably should go in /r/offmychest but the environment here seems more supportive and I'm not in the mood for a beat down.  I'm about to go on a relationship rant and I know I have played a role in the dysfunction I live with. I just need to vent.  I don't have anyone else in my life I can say this to.  So, thanks Reddit, for giving me a wilderness to shout into.

Yesterday was my birthday.  Once again, you dropped the ball.  Not because you tried and fumbled.  But because you didn't even bother to get on the field.  A birthday is not something that catches you by surprise.  It's a firm date on the calendar, comes around predictably once a year.  So for you to say, "sorry your birthday got messed up" is a huge crock of crap.  Save your breath.  I'd rather you not say anything at all than throw me a bullshit, half-hearted apology.

You don't have the right to apologize.  You did nothing.  No gift, no card, no cake.  Ok, you made pancakes for breakfast and you wished me happy birthday.  I feel like a bitch because on the face of it, it looks like a nice gesture.  You made breakfast for me, how sweet.   But let's take a closer look shall we?  I don't like pancakes.  You know this.  We've been married almost 20 years.   Of all the breakfast foods you could pick, almost any one of which I like better, you go with pancakes.  What's more, you got up late to do it, and sprung it on me as I was getting in the shower.  I hadn't planned on eating a sit-down breakfast, I had just enough time to shower and pack my lunch before leaving for work.

But I felt compelled to rush through my shower so I could sit and eat the pancakes, that I didn't want, that made me late for work, because I felt shitty for not being grateful that you did something for me.  But I have to ask myself if maybe that wasn't the point, make me feel guilty and shitty.

I didn't go shopping Tuesday because I was damned if I was going to buy my own birthday present.  That's what happened last year with the boots *(I bought a pair of boots a couple of weeks before my birthday last year -- guess what got thrown into a gift bag and given back to me as my gift -- yep, the only gift.  Ha, ha, surprise!).*  

I wanted to see if you would make any effort, any whatsoever, to get something for me.  Didn't care what it was, just time and thought into getting me a gift.  Could have been a $20 gift card.  Price didn't matter.  Any token that showed effort.  Alas, it was not to be.  Not as if you didn't have the time, you took the day off.  Surely you could have found 5 minutes to run into a grocery store, drug store, gas station, and pick up a motherfucking gift card.

You wonder why I'm depressed.  Why I have no self esteem.  Because you treat me like I'm nothing.  It's not that you don't love me, I know you do.  But I need more.  I need you to see me, to be present with me, to engage.  I know you are not capable of that and the passive aggressive dance that we've perfected will continue until I eventually gain the strength to leave.  I told myself not to expect anything so I wouldn't be disappointed.  I'm not surprised this is how it went down, but I am disappointed.  I wanted to believe you would pull through in some small measure.  You've proven that I'm a fool.  So I've got that going for me, which is nice.

I digress.  My point was, please don't tell me you're sorry when you're not.  You did nothing to be sorry for.  Because you did nothing.  And I know you're not sorry you did nothing, or you would have done something.  Just leave me alone.  That should be easy enough.

Edited to add:  Thank you to anyone who read this wall of text.
TL;DR - SO did almost nothing to recognize my birthday and it made me feel like an invisible piece of crap.