I'm Worthless
I'm 14M, my dad is a pussy, my mom is abusive and screams at me for "taking his [my dad's]side" whenever I try to stop her. At school I barely have friends and those that I do don't really like me they're just trying to be nice.

I am so hopelessly ugly that it's 100% guaranteed I will never have a girlfriend. This Is not a body image issue, it's just a issue of my bad face. And I'm a guy. I'm 5'8" and not growing anymore too, just to make things worse.

I've never done anything at all with my life, just simpering to my abusive mom who will just take my phone for ever disagreeing with her. I am never happy anymore at all. Just more misery every day.

I also have Irritable Bowel Syndrome which means extreme cramping every single day of my life and complete dependence on having a toilet nearby.

My parents forced me into isolation by homeschooling me until this year (9th grade). Which means I have zero social skills. I don't even have the building blocks for social skills. I've never been to a party or even gone to anyone else's house, until this year at 14 I had never even talked to another person under 18. 

I wasn't even allowed to play games as a kid, I was forced to do extreme academic work and do nothing but school and sleep. My parents were both extreme nerds with 130 IQs, neither of who wanted me, my mom just had me to spare her 9 months of endometriosis pain (she admits this is why she had me). 

I just don't care any more, my 15th birthday is Friday which means I can spend it alone in my room like any other day, after a miserable day of final exams on my birthday. Final exams that will result in punishment if I don't get A+, in my family I'm told I'm an idiot who needs tutoring if I get an A not an A+. B's are grounds for punishment. No, I'm not Asian.

I just wish I had someone to be with or something to do, all I do is make people uncomfortable. Some people are nice to me but only out of obligation and kindness, not because they actually like me.

Nothing will change when I get older. I'll still be disgusting and will die a virgin, if I get to be 18 I'll just be an i*cel. 

And even if I get a good job or have any academic success, it's all pointless, nobody likes me and I enjoy absolutely nothing. 

I want to die, a lot. But I'm also afraid that there's no afterlife and it's going to be a black void. That's as much a possibility as heaven or hell. I really don't want to be lonely for all eternity.