Taking Time Out: Thoughts and lessons after a year off from dating
Hey peeps. So as the title prefaces, after trying out online dating late 2017 for the first time and calling it a day after just two months I [23M] decided that I didn’t like myself, my life and my personal relationships. It was then I decided that I would take a year out from the weird world of dating to get myself to a place that I would be happily single. 

Taking this decision wasn’t easy. A friend just a little bit older than me got engaged at a similar time. It’s too easy to descend into the old enemy, the sunk cost fallacy. “If I just keep trying, someone somewhere will want to be with me”. Sound familiar? It’s something I was thinking near constantly nearing the point of making the decision to have a break. It was becoming an obsession. In the morning I was swiping, messaging and researching so I could become the “ultimate catch”, at night I was upset that it wasn’t happening. In truth, I was losing myself. The ghosting, the chats that never went anywhere, all of the very real issues with dating were damaging my mental health. In reality, I wasn’t mentally ready. My relationships with friends were breaking down, my work was restructuring and in truth, I was lonely.  So lesson 1: don’t lose yourself to a relationship you don’t have yet. Know when to stop. It can be 1 month, 6 months, 12 months, however long since you started. If it’s making you question your worth, stop. You’re worth more than that.

I’m not going to lie, the first few months were difficult. There was so much I wanted to do but nothing was happening. I went to get therapy for issues I’ve had since childhood but I was on a waiting list for a long while. I was trying to force change, just like I was trying to force attraction. I had to learn to just let it happen. Work hard when you need to, but don’t try too hard at the cost of your mental health. I should point out at this point that nothing I’ve done have improved my dating skills. They’ve just helped me become a better version of myself, and get the support network and the skills to look after myself better. This makes me feel better about myself and makes it easier for me to put an honest version of myself out there without fear. I got new hobbies, things that my childhood self would think I was amazing for doing. Your past version is the only person you need to compare yourself to. The best thing is that I gained new friends doing these things. Surrounding yourself with great people gives you a crashmat for potential heartbreak. Cultivate your existing and new relationships. That’s another lesson. 

I also made sure I hit the gym. It’s a cliche, I know. It just works though. You feel better about your body and the endorphins boost your mood. If you’re like me and compare yourself to other people, going to a public gym kick you out of that habit. You get used to people. They’re doing their thing and you should do yours.

I don’t have any fairytale endings like “And now I’m in a relationship!!!” because that was never the goal. I had a date last week that didn’t as well as I’d hoped. I’m still a bit sad about that. The goal though was to build a life I’m proud of. And I am. My career has never been better. I have hobbies that I love and get me around great people. I’ve consistently hit the gym which has improved my mood and body confidence. I’ve got therapy which has helped me accept myself for who I am. Dating is tough, make no mistake. There will be times when you go to sleep sad, you wake up sad and nothing seems to get anywhere you want. That’s the truth. But that’s just some of the truth. You want a relationship because you have love to give. To give love you must have love. To have love you need pride in who you are and what you are all about. Then, it’s just a case of time.

It’s a bit of a ramble, but I hope it shows that when someone says for you to take a break from dating, it’s not wasted time. In fact, I found it to be the most fulfilling time I’ve had in years.

TLDR: Don’t lose your soul to the online dating gods. Take time out if you need it. It may be the best thing you do.

Edit! Thanks for all your wonderful comments and sharing your own experiences. It’s been a treasure for me to read through them and reply today. Look after your brothers and sisters peeps. 

One more thing, u/kevin_r13 has left another and, in my opinion, completely doable alternative for those who want to keep dating and improving. I personally will find it a bit trickier but I feel it’s a good step to take to see where your limit is. Take a look below the post for his comment.