I’m stupid
I’m a freshman and I told my crush about how my feelings have been on and off with her over the school year. She said she understood and we acted like nothing happened. We are best friends so I told her that I can’t just act like I don’t like her for long. So yesterday she told me that she had mixed feelings over the school year and that she likes me. I got happy so I told me friend about it. In the last class of the day I had asked her out, she rejected me because she said that she doesn’t think she’s ready for another relationship and her past ones stressed her out. Of course I didn’t feel right so I had my friend say that he was the one that typed that when I was in the restroom, he told her that he was just playing and she got pissed. I didn’t feel right with him technically asking her out so I did it again. I asked her out again and she said “can we talk in person”, I agreed and at the end of school I walked with her and asked her what she wanted to talk about. I didn’t tell her about the previous situation . This time she said something about how we couldn’t date because of her parents. I did stuff that her parents didn’t like, which where cussing in text, and saying the n word in text. I tried to say that I could change and stop doing that stuff but other friends kept intervening. For the rest of the day we kept flirting and acting like a couple, like leaning on each other, talking about when we started liking each other. Later that night I felt guilty about not telling her what happens in class, so I texted her two big paragraphs about why I did it. I told her that I didn’t feel right with the fact that we like each other and can’t be a couple, how I wanted to let you know I asked you out and to let her know I did it. The next morning she left me on seen and I’ve been texting her, she won’t reply and now I’m worried she’s not gonna like me anymore and that she won’t forgive me. My question what the hell do I do next?

Also this would’ve been my first gf so that’s why I got all sensitive.