I want to go to my therapist just to tell her to fuck off.
I started seeing a therapist. This lady I actually liked. She told me the next time I wanted to cut myself or really wanted to kill myself, to go to the emergency room. I did that. She told me they would give me attention and medication and really help me. I stayed there over night about 8 hours. A therapist in some other city video chatted me after being there for 8 hours. I had to use a prison toilet - in socks. She said I think you’re stable enough to go home and you’ll be fine just keep seeing your therapist. That’s it. Yesterday I got a bill in the mail for $3,711. For that one night where they did nothing. Nothing. I had to reschedule my appointments this month because I just switched jobs and couldn’t afford my co-pay. I have phenomenal insurance and those fucks charged me $3711? After insurance? For locking me in a room so I could video chat some random bitch that might be a doctor. How pathetic do I feel after begging them for help and they do nothing. A lot of my unnecessary stress is money. Why is it so expensive to get help? Why did it take every therapist over a week just to call me back and set an appointment for me a month in advance? Why does everyone tell you to get help but they never tell you how hard it is? It’s so fucking expensive. Getting a bill in the mail for 4 grand when you’re suicidal doesn’t make you excited to live. I now have a hatred for every person in the medical field cheating people out of their money and their health. Fuck you to those people that send the bills and a big fuck you to my asshole therapist. 

I plan to say these things to her in a kinder tone and ask her why she would recommend that for me. I’m really hurt because I trusted her and it only embarrassed me and made my life worse. I hate myself so much and it made me feel even more worthless. I won’t cuss at her or disrespect her but this is my life. I went to her for help. I needed someone who could really help and now I can’t trust any of them.