Why do people assume just because you love a hobby (esp if you excel at it in amateur levels), that you will love doing it for a living? Has anyone found out how hard the pro leagues can be the hard way?
We always hear stuff like "follow your dreams!" and the best recipe for successful wealth is "pick something you love so much an make a career out of it!".

And indeed you see to many people and not just kids and teens, but even adults, think that being a professional MMA fighter would be a fun job or assume just because you love eating cheeseburgers you can make a career at food eating contests, etc.

Recently I attempted to go pro at Magic The Gathering. I used to always beat my friends as well as other random people at bars and restaurants in betting matches and win big bucks. I won a small local tournament earlier this year so I decided I would go pro. But when I started this month I was getting my but whooped against even bottom tier ranking pro players and even amateur tournies that are above the ones I used to win at the local level. I practically lost all my gambling money and a large chunk of reserve cash I put specifically for this career on a rainy day.

In addition I never thought how stressful and hard stuff I used to do such as organizing my magic deck could be when your paycheck is dependent on it. And I'm so surprised how even the worst of the worst players at upper level amateur contests and professional gambling and dueling can be! Every trick I used that easily won me cash against friends and other people in my local neighborhood was easily countered and I could not develop any new strategy. In addition even just buying the equipment to keep up with the recent trends is extremely expensive.

So I am curious if anyone here ever tried to go pro at their favorite hobbies and backed out instead for an easy secure job or college like I did with Magic? Why do so many people especially commentators giving advice think that not only will you excel at something you love if you work at it for a living, but you will still easily stay in said career despite failures and setbacks simply because you love the job? 

Its repeated so often in the media and by commentators that you'd think its a guaranteed formula! But I learned first hand the hard way even the bottom levels of professionalism of your favorite hobby is so difficult you might end up hating the hobby (which I actually did with Magic after I decided to abandon pro gaming for almost a month until my sister convinced me to start playing with her again).

Has anyone here tried to go for the NBA or become a professional martial artist or played at esports as a pro gamer or other stuff you had a passion for as an amateur and backed out because of the shock of how hard a career is? Even going as far as temporarily abandoning the hobby because you grown to hate it for a while after attempting to go pro with it and seeing how much of a pain in the but doing your hobby is when you work at it for a living and not just for fun and games?

Please put your examples when you tried to go pro when you were younger!