Future career path for someone who has interests in non marketable fields
Say you like philosophy or literature or art, how do you choose what to do in life, to make people give you their money you gotta have something to offer, so if you are an software engineer or a surgeon or a chemist there are fields where companies that work and make money need your service and are willing to pay money for it, or you can create something new to offer people and make your own business, or you can research in that field and contribute to its future, but that last part is less retributive.

Now if you're a person like I said in the beginning what do you do?
You can write or paint, that's what you're passionate about and you're happy doing that, but you also want money, you have to get creative about it, find a way, it's harder, so if you use your mind you can come up with something I think, alot of people don't bc its easier to just get a job and be passive, but I also think that you cant only rely on that, doing one of those things at university it's a death sentence for your job, you can teach but that's it, if you do something it's most probably not related to your degree bc it's not a marketable skill (unless you become like an art museum manager but that's rare and cant rely on that either).

So what do you do, the options I see are those:

-you study it anyway, you got an almost useless degree and worked a shitty unqualified job part time 3 to 5 years so you dont even have a kind of career in a field or much money, and ur in a place like the USA u also got debt. You dont make much money and its probs a dead end job so unless something special happens you're stuck.

-you dont study at uni but by yourself and start a job right away, probably a bad one bc u dont have any skills right out of "high school" (the name you call it actually depends on your country) and ur 17/18/19 (also depends on country). You dont make much money and its probs a dead end job so unless something special happens you're stuck.

-You get a degree in something you don't like but makes money, and then work a job in that field so you don't like it either, if you make alot maybe you'll FIRE at some point, but it's mortifying to walk that path.



So how do you go about it?
It's like you're handicapped in the job world.
Career and money it's not all that there is in life but if ur poor most likely your life sucks so.


What do you think about it?