I'm afraid... of being alive.
I'm afraid of being seen.  I'm afraid of being invisible.
I'm afraid of being heard.  I'm afraid of being ignored.
I'm afraid that people are talking about me behind my back.  I'm afraid that nobody ever thinks about me.

I'm afraid of trying new things, because I might be terrible at them.
I'm afraid of trying new things, because I might be good at them... and then if I didn't continue doing them, I would be wasting a talent.  And if I did continue to do them, I might get better and better, until someone noticed, and then I would be subjected to... being seen.  Opening myself up to the possibility of other people criticizing me.

I cannot validate myself.  I have no innate self-worth.  I need people to place value on me verbally; I generally achieve this through making myself useful.  If I am not useful, I am worthless.  My life revolves around making myself useful.  I cannot wear nice things, because if I need to run through the bushes or crawl on the ground to help achieve a task, I would ruin them.  Or worse - I might not be able to perform a physical task to be helpful, because I wasn't wearing something made for utility.  By dressing up, I render myself potentially worthless.

I have a mild case of trichotillomania.  People don't take you seriously when you have trich, because they view it as a self-inflicted quirk instead of a disease.  They take you even less seriously when you tell them you have a mild case.  Nobody brushes you off if you say, "I have a mild case of cancer."  But tell them you have trich, or depression, and they discount you completely.

I hate my job.  But I can't quit, because I need the money.  I've considered looking for other jobs, but I am not qualified to do anything besides what I do now, and if I made a lateral move to a similar position at a different company, I would lose the benefits I've built up working for the same company for 5 years.  I would also be putting a strain on my husband, because we carpool to work - if I worked somewhere else, our fuel expenses would double.

My husband is a good person, but we are passionate about entirely separate things.  I support him in his endeavors, and he supports me in mine - we spend a lot of time in the same room, but we hardly spend any quality time together.  I feel like my lack of interest in his interests  causes us not to connect.  I feel guilty for not enjoying the things he does, because he has tried to hard to find a middle ground for us, but he is as unwilling to sacrifice his interests for mine as I am his - so we just do separate things.

I never learned how to compromise.  Things are either my way, or someone else's way, and I can either deal with it, or I can't.  When I can't, I cause rifts with friends and family, because they cannot understand how I can simply walk away from something because it is not what I want.  I am "impractical", "impossible", "spoiled", or worse.  I have guilt about this - but I would feel even worse if I partook when I didn't want to.  It doesn't matter.  I have guilt about everything.

I don't have dreams.  I don't have ambitions.  I think small, and act small, and I am afraid of everything, all the time.  Afraid of succeeding.  Afraid of failing.  Afraid of people.  Afraid of having no one.

I don't know how to stop being afraid.