Everything in my life seems to be going to hell, How do I get it all back together?
Heard that this subreddit can give some nice advice to people struggling with their lives, so I guess I might try. I'm an 18-year-old high school student who can't necessarily be considered a popular kid, I'm quite overweight ,not to the point where I can't walk but quite rotund, double chin yada yada yada.., got some hairs growing in awkward places such as a unibrow and a patchy teenage beard, basically enough for 0 people to find me attractive, all my friends seemed to have gone through a glowup and now looking like your typical 10/10 tiktok stars while im left there looking like trash.

I've also never been what people may call stylish, always wearing off-brand clothes and just regular sports shoes, and it didn't really bother me up until last year, it seems as if everyone suddenly became fashion geniuses at school, wearing expensive streetwear items and having dozens of pairs of expensive basketball and skating sneakers, which makes me look not only extremely pathetic, but also like a homeless person whos just found some off-brand trousers on someone's porch. 

the last nail in my social life's coffin would probably be the fact that I'm starting to figure out that I like one of my guy friends, and as a guy who's never had feelings for another man it all comes with a constant rush of emotions that I feel like is going to drive me insane. It has been going on for some time, about 9 or 10 months, started with me and the guy just throwing some of the casual 'gay jokes' every group of guys has, then suddenly understanding that I like that person and that it's way beyond just 'being gay with the homie' for me but not being able to get a word out because of low self-confidence that's fueled by all the reasons I've written here.

What's even worse is that he's probably not even into me, I've been throwing some clues here and there but haven't had the courage to just straight up tell him... He's probably a straight guy who's never going to love a man in his life, making my life even more miserable. I'm honestly so tired of this situation and am so hopeless at this point I'm willing to do whatever is necessary to feel alive again, just like back in the day... Feeling very lonely at times so I thought I'd share it here since I don't have anyone to talk to who will listen and understand, thanks in advance for reading all of this mess hope I didn't make it too long, I don't usually write long Reddit posts but I felt like this was important.