Am I going to make it in the real world? I keep getting told I'm too slow wherever I go. I got fired from my last job.
I'm currently almost 24 years old, and in my senior year of college. I am studying to become a Forensic Biologist. However, it seems that I am slower than the average person during both work and school. I get extended time on tests, because of my Asperger syndrome, and Generalized Anxiety disorder. Without it, I'd fail college.

I got my first job when I was 16 washing dishes (2012). On my first day, I felt excruciating back pain. The pain was so intense, that it slowed me down tremendously, and it caused me to get agitated. Because my Autism was more debilitating back then, I wasn't able to properly communicate exactly how much pain I was in. I got a call from my boss telling me not to come back again. I did not attempt to convince him otherwise.

At my second job at Mcdonald's (early 2014-2016), I was initially too slow. When I got assigned breakfast duties for the first time, I initially got sent home twice for being too slow (they told me it was because of high labor). I suspected there was something wrong, and talked to the managers. I eventually did pick up the pace, and I worked there for 2 years. I had to quit, because my mental health got out of control.

At my second job, as a busser a nursing home (2017-2019), I almost got fired, because I got worked up very easily. This is because I was paranoid from my near-firing at Mcdonald's. Two months later, I decided that I wasn't going to care about my work speed. I ended up becoming a very valuable employee. I worked there for 18 months. I left, because I graduated Community College.

I got a job at KFC last summer, but I quit after only 25 days. It was horrifically understaffed, and I was insecure about my speed again. The manager was also a toxic person who didn't know how to run a business. The other employees were also very unprofessional.

Last December, I got a job as a cashier at Speedway. During the summer I had been put on Immediate Release Seroquel to help me sleep. However, all it did was make groggy during the day. I warned my boss on the first day that if I was too tired, I could get off the medicine. I was fired after two days, because my grogginess made me take too long to complete the computer assessments. When she made the decision to fire me, I had not yet interacted with a single customer. She also gave me no hint whatsoever that there was anything wrong with my performance.

This semester, I got reprimanded for taking too long to complete a lab in Organic Chemistry.

Will life as a Forensic Biologist be impossible for me?