Apology to the women I accused of "having it easy"
Honestly? Yeah, as a single man I've let myself be swept into feelings of frustration and anger over women's "impossibly high standards" and the supposed disadvantage a male has in the dating world. I don't know why, but it's tempting to feel like a victim, like the world is unfair, to become angry and frustrated over it.

I gave it some genuine thought and came to these conclusions:

&#x200B;

***1***: I have some pretty high standards myself. Age (-7 or +5 compared to my own), location (at 40-50mi I'm starting to think "that's way too far"), education (college-level+), job (must be able to contribute to a household and must be passionate about their job), looks (not expecting a supermodel, but must be reasonably fit, reasonably groomed & decent style, must speak to me on a sexual level,... luckily I don't have narrow tastes).

And that's just the basics, then there's common life goals and values, personalities that mesh well together, some similar interests + areas of being complementary,... Yikes, just typing it out I realize just how high my standards are... It's not just women, I suppose.

&#x200B;

***2***: I used to focus on the happy couples, the guys and gals who seemed to have no problem whatsoever getting dates, hookups and ltr's. But I realized that not everyone is constantly hookup up, or building a future with their high school sweetheart. I was blind to all the people I know – male and female – who have been single for a long time, never got into a relationship etc. And they're quite diverse... They're not all stereotypical "weird uncles".

Many were too busy with their careers or other interests, never thought that love and relationships were all they're cracked up to be. However, I do acknowledge that the population of 'forever alone' people has many people somewhat lacking in the looks and/or dating/social skills departments.

I was a late bloomer in many regards, but I've had several girlfriends and ltr's. Many of which started on the woman's initiative. I'm thankful for the experiences I've had in those relationships, and the lessons I've learned. Many of the eternal singles I know never had such opportunities – and I now humbly admit I could've been one of them, if it weren't for those opportunities.

&#x200B;

So in summary: to the ladies, my apologies for having been so quick to play the victim card – I don't have it as bad as I thought. And to myself: a regular dose of perspective can go a long way to prevent bitterness and cynicism.

/rant