Unpopular opinion: I’m happy that the rest of my senior year was cancelled.
Now I’m by no means saying that I’m happy this whole corona situation happened. It’s awful that people have died and suffered from this disease. It’s awful that people lost their jobs and loved ones. And I’m definitely sad about the possibility of my freshman year of college being ruined.

However, I was done with high school. Senior year especially. I had overloaded myself with 6 APs and two leadership positions that were taking a toll on me. My grades were slipping. I was at school from 8am-4pm then spent 4 hours after school four days a week going to tutoring because my grades were slipping. Then I went home and did more homework/studying. Then I got like 3 hours worth of sleep, woke up, and did the whole thing over again. I was exhausted.

I was on the breaking point. I didn’t have time to take care of myself, to eat properly, I was drinking 3 cups of coffee/energy drinks a day, I had no time for my friends or hobbies that I enjoyed. So when it was announced that school was cancelled, I was super relieved. That endless cycle was over. 

I’ve been catching up on sleep, cooking healthy meals for myself, catching up on tv that I enjoy, talking to my friends on the phone, spending lots of quality time with my dog, and taking care of myself. I don’t mind that I have to give up prom and graduation. I don’t see it as “not getting recognition for the past four years” or something valuable taken away from me. I was miserable throughout all of high school anyway and a dance and a long ass ceremony wasn’t going to fix that.

I don’t know if I could’ve lasted 3 more months doing what I was doing. I probably would’ve broken down at some point. But now that I’m at home with lots of time to myself, I can rest and rejuvenate. So yeah, this whole situation does suck. But I’m secretly thankful.

I do feel bad for people who were genuinely looking forward to senior activities though. I hope you’re able to find some solace through these tough times. Just know that better times await us.