Thinking of quitting dream job because of toxic managers; can't win for losing. Any advice or insight?
**TLDR: I had a successful event recently, but no good feedback from any of my toxic management. Management only talks to me when I've done something wrong and I'm reaching my last straw.  I originally wanted a raise, but now I'm thinking of leaving my dream job at this toxic workplace. What would you do?**

Hi everyone,

I'm a woman working in a toxic, male-dominated industry at an American company in Japan. Cool, famous company with big name-recognition; awful awful working environment.

To give an example of what I'm working with, the territory manager is a cold Japanese guy (let's call him Tanaka) who feeds on negative energy and my direct lead is a misogynist narcissistic American (let's call him Jimbo) who has really adapted to the Japanese culture of not being PC at all. He also has an awful temper, talks negatively about everything and everyone and will straight up ignore you if you're below him and he's mad at you or if he's wanting to feel important.

Jimbo's made jokes about cheating on his girlfriend, he's made multiple people in the office cry with his outbursts, he's belittled my ideas and then taken them to HQ without me in the discussion. When I asked him about why he did that, he gaslit me and said I remembered it wrong. He's done so much more, but I will leave it at that for now. Tanaka feeds off of Jimbo's energy and has given a lot of clout to Jimbo for his seniority and knowledge.

Until now, I've been trying to get through and biting my tongue because it's a dream job at a dream company with great benefits. I'm also trying to make it 6 more months before leaving so it doesn't look bad on my resume. However, a recent incident has my blood boiling, and I think I'm at my last straw.

I have been in charge of an event that takes six months of prep. This is the first time I've been fully in charge. We had record-breaking numbers and turnout for the event. Another team was involved in getting speakers for the event.

I was giving updates to Tanaka about the numbers, especially when we passed landmarks. I was expecting a pat on the back or something (he did that for the last person who was completely in charge) but I only got silence from him. I was a bit annoyed at this because he's quick to give negative feedback, so I was hoping for him to finally say something nice...

At the afterparty of the event, Jimbo pulls me aside and says, "Good job on this event BUT you need to be giving more credit to people. The admin manager (gossipy JP woman) told me you've been taking all the credit". I was shocked and hurt by this because I had never said this success was only because of myself. I was also increasingly annoyed because Jimbo frequently calls himself the "One-man team".

I didn't want to think the team thought I was taking all the credit so I immediately tried to rectify this by thanking everybody for their hard work. I said I couldn't do the event alone, and I also got some nice sweets for everyone. I also wrote HQ with giving the team clear credit for their work, and HQ wrote back saying we did an amazing job (nicest feedback I had gotten that far; was in tears when reading it).

In the end, I couldn't get any positive feedback without a "but". The territory manager has been colder to me than usual (I have also been noticeably quieter/standoffish than usual for sure and Japanese people are the most passive aggressive people on Earth).The general admin lady has barely talked to me for the past few weeks which has been awful because she was usually nice to me.

I was going to ask for a raise but the territory manager is so mean-spirited. I'm getting to the point of wanting to leave my dream job. These people have been so awful. I would like to try and work at HQ, but I have had absolutely no success in finding any advocates for me there. I feel like I should talk to Tanaka and see why he's mad at me, but direct confrontation doesn't always work in Japan, and I'm tired of apologizing to these grade A assholes.

Misc. info; we recently had reviews for everyone. I was quite honest (while being hopefully professional and leaving anecdotes out of the reviews). People haven't received their reviews yet and the hammer's coming down on me probably early next week...

I feel depressed and helpless. The most interesting thing about me is this job and I don't know what I would do after this...

Any advice?

Edit: Thank you guys for all the kind words and advice. I'm putting my resume together now.