Ivy Day is the Anniversary of my Suicide Attempt, and this is what I want to tell you
TW: suicide, psych ward, drugs, arson, emotional abuse

Four years ago today, I was spending my "last" twenty-four hours writing notes to friends and family, and silently saying goodbye to all the things I thought I'd never see again: icicles glistening under the sun. Trees. Honey-nut cheerios. Gel pens. Back then, I couldn't picture myself living another day, much less graduating high school, applying to colleges, or dreaming of a future. But somehow, against the odds, I made it. I made it through the bright lights of the ER, as doctors worked frantically around me sticking IVs in my veins and prodding my face. I made it through the psych ward, living with drug-dealers from juvie and eight year olds who tried to burn down their schools. I made it through months of crushing shame, my parents screaming at me with disappointment, and shrinks who told me that I was a lost cause.

Because here's the thing that I want to say to us--on the eve of Ivy Day, no matter what shit goes down tomorrow and how bitter and disappointed we are with your results--even if it feels like our worlds are collapsing, we'll get through this. This one's for us: for all of those late nights studying APs, IBs, SATs, and ACTs, all those days we were so worn-down from Sports and EC board nominations and friend drama that we fell asleep at our desks, all those moments we ducked into the school bathrooms and thought, *I can't do this*.

Because we've made it. We DID do it. We've already worked so unbelievably hard and have come so unbelievably far, and even if we aren't rewarded tomorrow, we've already won. Those flimsy paper "regret to inform you"s? They are NOTHING compared to what we've accomplished and how hard we've worked. They do not define us. They do not summarize four years of tears and sweat and grit. They will never know our full stories and how much we've overcome.

So this is the beginning of a lifetime, not the end of a journey.

If you get into your dream school? Congrats! But you're still going to have to work hard these next four. If you get rejected? Congrats! It's now a chip on your shoulder to keep busting ass. We are so young. We are SO young. We are seventeen and eighteen and nineteen and bursting with promise, and as long as we work hard, stay hungry, and learn as much as we can with what we're given, we're going to succeed and we're going to be happy.

Whatever happens tomorrow is the universe's plan for you. Before you open that first decision, take a moment to reflect, to be proud of all you've done and everything you've become. No matter what happens next, you are ready.

Saddle up.

&#x200B;

\*update: I'm so moved by all of your comments and support! Feeling beyond grateful for the a2c community.