Had a rough start at work, struggling and dont know what to do
&#x200B;

So here it goes,

So it's been 4 months on my first job and I've been struggling at my current work. I work in an IT company and being deployed on the client's location. I work as a business analyst, honestly I was usually a dev throughout my years in college but felt like exhausted being a dev since i also felt like I'm just mediocre to moderate as a developer, so I decided to try out becoming an analyst, just to know what it feels like and I was always curious on how it feels like becoming a business analyst even if it was outside my comfort zone. I just don't want to feel that regret of not trying out other jobs that I've been always curious of. Cause who knows, it might be the right one for me right? Anyways, before I applied to the company, I've already asked a few people who worked there, and they told me they had a good start and it was also a good start for fresh grads, good pay, proper training and the projects they had were worth the experience. So that's how I made my decision of applying there as my first job.

So when the day  came on my first day of the job, I was informed that I'll be only working with a team lead. No other teammates, the project manager's role is only to manage financials(Idk thats what they told me, but yeah cant approach them), so just a team lead. There weren't even any trainings as well. The team lead is only instructed to attend once a week for the whole day or 1 hour per day, only to give feedbacks on my outputs and to report to him whatever I did throughout the day. So, it wasnt how I expected it would be but I said to myself that it felt like it was manageable, it was a bit difficult, but yeah, still manageable. 2 months later, my team lead told me that he was going to resign and after he left everything went downhill. At first, the client told me that they were going to look for a replacement to the team lead, but in the end they said to me that they will be getting a senior BA but would be working on a different project and I will be directly reporting to the client instead.  I felt like I was just told what I should do but I'm not really feeling like I'm being trained like a BA. There was also that pressure of "Aren't you a BA? Then you should know these things or what to do right?". Ever since that happened, I felt like my drive of looking forward to work slowly faded away. They also keep pressuring me in a "joking-tone-but-im-serious" manner regarding the deadlines  of each output even though it's not my fault. The cause of delays were because of numerous meetings with several departments for feedbacks and opinions regarding the output, and they don't immediately respond if they are  going to attend the meeting so we had to keep rescheduling until they do. And currently Im just almost finished with one output out of six, and the length of the whole project is 6 months(so 1 month per output), so basically there's only 2 months left and probably they'll extend it but I feel like I cant see myself doing this 5 more times since I realized I dont like what I'm doing and I lost my drive. I also feel like I don't want to go back there anymore as I feel like everytime I go there I just lose my morale and just getting depressed. So now I started to realize and ask myself these questions:

* Is this work really meant for me or it's ridiculous for them to just leave me there alone on my first project?
* Should I ask the IT manager or HR to request to go back to becoming a dev and just try to become better at it?
* Should I tell the IT manager or HR for what I'm experiencing now and request for a different project or  request for assistance?

Need advice or opinion on how you're going to handle this situation as I don't know what to do as of now.

&#x200B;

I also actually want to know if it's normal working alone on your first job and on your first project without any training or even a mentor, and also being deployed on the client's location, and if it is okay if I suddenly ask to transfer to a different project since I don't feel that comfortable working there anymore.