I officially have a girlfriend! (and so can you)
I(27m) am and always have been a super awkward guy.  I've always had horrible depression and have had trouble making friends.  You can't really imagine how effed up i was.  Crying all the time, super fatalistic, suicidal ideation... i had it all...  Plus I'm fat and ugly.  About 18 months ago I wanted to turn that part of my life around.  So I asked for help.  I'm a PhD student at a large university so I went into the mental health office to get triaged.  They found me a nurse practitioner at the university to handle medications for depression and anxiety.  They also refered me to a therapist in the next town over, and to the university's autism center, since I wanted to get screened for that.

Slow but steady progress over the next year, and then we land at july of 2019.  Social issues are part of my problem, and although I had gotten better I wanted to push more.  I joined a knitting group to get some practice with casual conversation, and find a group with which to work on my hobby.  After that, I wanted to find more social contact, but I also realized that someday I might want to start a family.  If I don't start now, I might never be ready...  So I got on OLD.

Over the next 4 months i was able to get about 4 first dates.  The first one was nice, but I was a little awkward.  The second one I really liked, but she wasn't into me; we're still friends though and occasionally text about crafting projects.  The third one went fine, but she decided to cut off contact.

Now for number 4.  As a man, the optimum strategy on OLD is to swipe right on everyone without looking, and filter later.  The yield is so small.  But we all know that occasionally, someone catches your eye.  You look at her pictures, read her bio, then realize that it would never happen, then you go back to swiping right.  In online dating, hope should be general, not specific.  To my surprise, someone who I had paused on ended up liking me back.  She(25f) seemed really enthusiastic and the text convo in the app was easy.  She complied when I suggest we move to phone text and then we scheduled a first date.  She was even more amazing in person.  She is as smart as anyone I've ever met (with a masters degree in a scientific field), super well versed in music history, had a sense of humour similar to mine, and she was very pretty.  We had lunch, walked around town, then found a nice place to sit and chat.  We lost track of time and ended up racking up over 6 hours.  Since then we texted pretty much every day, and had in person dates every other week (we live across town and are both fairly busy). Yesterday we had date 4, and we planned this to be a big one.  We decided to get dressed up and go to the symphony and get a nice dinner beforehand.  After dinner we start walking to the operahouse, but before we get to far, I pull out the jokes.

"I have something for you.  Give me your hand."  She puts her hand on mine and I put a lime on hers. She looks confused.  I say, “That was just an excuse to hold your hand.”  She laughs.  I then say “That was my pick up lime.”  She then offers me her hand as we walk to the operahouse.

After the show we go back to my car, and i offer to drive her to her car, parked a few blocks away.  That is when we had the talk.  We just talk for like an hour about various things...  Starting with establishing that we want to be official.  After a nice conversation, we drive over to her car.  I get out to give her a hug goodnight... but somehow we just can't say goodbye.  We end up standing there in the freezing cold for another hour just because saying goodbye is so hard.  I eventually have to just say that if we have anything else to say, hopefully we'll have many more nights to say it.  We then have a very intense hug.  There were times over the past month where I knew she was almost perfect for me on paper, but I wasn't sure how much I viscerally emotionally wanted this.  Durring that hug I knew the spark was there.

I don't know how long things will last.  I don't know what happens now.  I will hope for the best and try what i can to make the best happen.  Here is what I do know.  I'm fat, I'm ugly, I was a lost cause.  [If i can find someone, anyone can.](https://i.imgur.com/W3JS9Gq.jpg) Keep hope alive.

&#x200B;

edit: I just wanted to say thanks for the overwhelming response, including silver.  I've come to this sub for help many times, but sometimes i feel like people lose hope on here.  My wish is that my post will provide some hope for those who are afraid they might be too far gone.  I know that now keeping this relationship together will take work, but at least I now have the chance.  Always keep the hope a lime in your heart.