Is this okay? Is it considered sexual harassment? Should I be concerned?
I am 16 years old. I was with 2 friends (one being a girl who is my best friend, another being a boy who is a friend of ours from school). All of us had taken a few sips of alcohol (but we were not completely drunk as we could perfectly function normally), we all decided to lie down on a couch. My best friend and I sitting beside each other and the boy laying on his stomach on top of both our legs. We stayed like that for a few minutes until I begin to feel the boy place his hand on my leg, at first at didn’t think it was a problem until he began to squeeze and move up and down my leg. Since it’s been going on for about 5mins he then asked what his limit was, referring to how high up his hand can go and what areas he couldn’t touch. This kept going for about 25mins. At times I would take his hand lower if I felt uncomfortable. During this time I tried to get my mind off it by using my phone. It wasn’t until he left when I really thought about it and there is now this uncomfortable feeling in my chest that won’t go away and I suddenly felt scared. While it was happening I thought I was okay with it but now I realize that I’m not and I’m afraid if he tells anyone. I’m not the kind of person whom would do something like this as it was my first time having someone touch me like that, and if word comes out I’m afraid to explain myself (I’m not quite social). I’m mad at myself for not saying how I felt, but at the time I thought it was okay despite feeling a little uncomfortable (I was confused I guess). He also hugged me from the back for about 5mins and would place his hand on my breast and I had to push his hand away a few times. He did say “you do realize where my hand is at right?” and still continue to leave it there but I still didn’t say anything and only push it away. I have also been talking about it with my best friend but I need more advice, specifically from people who have experienced something similar.