Why is it so fucking difficult to die?
I never wanted to exist. I want to die. There isn't anything in this world that's going to change my mind. I don't want to get better. My mental and physical illness might actually be curable but I don't want to get better. I never enjoyed life and the only reason I am alive is simply due to my parents' selfishness and their decision to bring this misery upon me. I never asked to be born and no, life isn't a 'gift'. Life is pain, misery and dread.

I am too much of a coward man. I tried to take my life once but didn't do any research on my method so obviously, as you can see, I failed tremendously. I took a bunch of Xanax pills and downed them with alcohol hoping they'll make me go into cardiac arrest or maybe make me stop breathing...a simple google search would've saved me some time, because you need HUGE amounts of benzos in order to overdose and die...yet I went through it because it was an impulse decision so not much thought was put into it.

I woke up with a terrible headache and in a pile of vomit. I wish I had the courage to attempt it again, in a different way, but I'm too much of a pussy. That failed attempt disappointed me so much because it proved me that I'm such a failure that I can't even kill myself. I've been researching suicide methods ever since, but I just can't bring myself to do it, yet I somehow will. I need to.

&nbsp;

Looked up every single suicide method. Most of them have a high chance of survival and it can leave you crippled and even more miserable. Others, will leave you in agonizing pain for a few minutes or even hours before you die and I just don't have the guts to go for it. I am a huge coward. Who knows, maybe I'm just not ready to kill myself yet, as much as I want it??? Possibly.

Jumping in front of a train? Nope, there's a chance of living through it and suffering 100 times more. Jumping off a building? Literally same. If you're unlucky, you can jump off a skyscraper and survive (there's an actual story of some dude who fell off a 47-floor building and survived). Shooting my brains out would probably be my best deal but since I live in a shithole of a country in Eastern Europe, it's nearly impossible for me to get a gun. I'm currently doing some research on hanging since it's the most accessible and inexpensive suicide method out there and I've read that you can calculate the height of your jump in order to break off your spinal cord and die instantly. But if you miscalculate, you will either end up decapitated or you'll be awake and conscious through the whole thing and it can take you 15 minutes of unbearable pain to finally succumb to hanging. Overdosing on pills? I can't think of anything besides opiates since everything else will just fuck you up even more without actually killing you.

So what am I left with? Oh yes, opiates. Good old heroin. There's stories on the web from people who have survived heroin ODs and said that it was absolute bliss. You just go in a deep sleep and (hopefully) don't wake up. No hallucinations or paranoia or shit that you'd experience with other types of drugs. Just peace. 


&nbsp;

So I started to look for a heroin plug in my area. It's not easy living in a small city because you're out of luck. At some point, I was so desperate that I stopped giving a fuck about the risks involved and I just straight up started questioning people if they knew any heroin dealers in the area. I was met with surprised reactions, some were weirded out, some were concerned. Luckily, I'm not in prison so lucky me I guess, would be a shame to run into an undercover cop or something. Long story short, I couldn't find a dealer for the love of me. So here I am, browsing the darknet.

It took me a few weeks to learn the ropes. There's special software like Tails, Tor, PGP/Kleopatra, and the bitcoin wallet of choice. Still, no one will actually guarantee that you don't get scammed. I'm still struggling with the actual encryption of the messages so that I won't get in trouble. It fucking sucks. I just want to die and I can't understand all the unnecessary struggle I need to undergo. I wish it were as simple as going to the hospital, signing a paper and asking for a lethal shot. Yet, only a few countries around the world have legalized euthanasia and it fucking blows. I didn't choose to come into this life so why am I forced to stay?

I can't find anyone who is willing to fucking help. I have tried reaching out online, both on the clearnet and the darknet and all the feedback I've received was from people who "want me to get better". Why the fuck does everyone attach this special value to life? Why does everyone care about a random stranger's death so much? I don't want to live, is it a crime to hate life? It certainly seems so.

&nbsp;

There's so much stuff I'm going to risk. I thing I have found a potential vendor on the darknet who has great reviews and feedback. I'm going to order from him as soon as I figure out how to convert real money into cryptocurrency. I might just wake up with the cops knocking on my door, who knows? Maybe my pack will get seized. I might be thrown in jail since my country has stupid drug laws. Even if I DO get my hands on heroin, I know nothing about it. I don't know how to shoot up and missing a vein can lead to amputation. Can you freaking believe it? You're trying to off yourself but instead you end up with an amputated arm. Amazing. I know nothing about how to cook the heroin, how to shoot it up and how much to take. I know nothing about the purity of heroin and I might end up with some shit grade heroin that isn't going to kill me anyway. There's no fucking way to die peacefully. But anyway, I'll go through this. Not sure why I even wrote this, just needed to vent I guess.

&nbsp;

Wish me luck.