r/Dating is NOT the place to soapbox Incel/Blackpill rhetoric.
*I didn't want to have to create this post but unfortunately with the direction I've seen this sub go I'm forced to say my piece.*

There has been a slow and steady influx of unwanted soap-boxing plaguing our boards over the last year or so. I don't think this is a surprise to any of you all. While we ultimately encourage healthy discussion around both the positives and negatives of dating the overall spirit of this sub has been lost. Many of our readers have expressed their concern to our moderation team and we honestly feel the same way.

Our "No Soap-boxing or Promoting an Agenda" rule has always been on the sidebar for our users to see but I want to stress our current stance on the topic. **Soap-boxing will and has always included black-pill ideology and the subset of vocabulary that comes with it.** 

This means that using our board to preach about how there is no hope for men (or women) who are conventionally unattractive is unwanted and will be removed. Using our board to discuss how you think women are shallow and will only choose the top percentage of men is unwanted and will be removed. Even just a mention of the term "Chad" is unwanted and will be removed.

We can sympathize that dating is difficult and is even more difficult for people that might not be the prettiest. It's no secret to anyone. What we value though is genuine discussion and helping those who actually want and need it. The countless misogynistic threads about how women and society aren't fair to men are toxic and don't do anyone any favors. There are better subreddits that would love to discuss these types of things with you. 

At the end of the day let's lift each other up. Let's share our experiences and learn and/or laugh from them! Ask the questions that need to be asked. But let's not lose site of what dating is really about.

**EDIT: If you do see any rule breaking behavior please report so that we can take action. It's hard to see every comment. Thanks!**