Hating corp jobs but not sure what else to do?
I feel as though I am suffocating in the corp world. I dread going into the office and it's not even for a reason other than being trapped and just not happy. I am so bored and yes I can "switch" jobs but I already have done that 4x and I just find no fulfillment in these stupid corp jobs. I find myself jealous of labor jobs like the custodians or the landscapers because it's like you have a more tangible impact and can see results of your work. I don't even know if 9-5 even exists anymore because every corp job I've held was always 8-5 and when you commute on top of that, your entire day is gone and energy as well. 

My friends/family just say go back to school or change careers but do people really thing its that simple? When I used to work as a recruiter it was almost just thing stamp that that was ALL I was and even when I networked it was all people wanted me to step into a company as. I hated recruiting and fell into the maybe I could get into HR from being a recruiter once I got in with a company, this has NEVER been the case. 

Now I am at this point were I just can't get myself to go in anymore but whats the alternative? I can't really think of a job that I would enjoy more that would pay decent. Money isnt everything but end of the day, I am alone and can't just not pay my mortgage and I do not have family that could help. 

I hate that I live for the weekends and then the weekends come and its chores and then decompressing from work then going back to work and feels like I am wasting my life. I realize my happiest part of the day is coming home to my dog. It'd be great to work with dogs, but I applied to a few dog places and 1. I don't have experience and 2. Its almost a red flag to places that I am at a high level job wanting to be a dog walker. 

I'm an introvert and every job I look at is so involved with other people and I just want to keep to myself and just complete tasks. I don't particularly have any "skills" and just have a bachelors of science in psychology. I have no clue what other alternatives are out there that are feasible. 

I am I know probably everyone else out there wishes that they could just not work or work part-time but I feel like at every job I have, after 1-2pm I just zone out. It's almost pointless to pay me because I have no attention left for the bullshit. I have no problem working hard and used to work 13 hour days back when I supervised a retail store, time flew and I never noticed. Now I just stare at a clock all day watching paint dry because its more interesting than whatever stupid pointless corp assignment I am working on. I wish I had ideas to even start my own business or something but with no ideas, skills or anything I just feel a bit defeated. 

I guess long story summed up, I hate my corp job but wondering what alternative freeing or work from home or on your own schedule jobs that pay decent. Seems like a stupid fantasy but honestly curious does anyone have a job that actually like and enjoy going to? 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;