Death by a thousand cuts by supervisor. Finally stood up for myself.
My boss left in February and I was asked to take her position. I would’ve gotten a raise, had a longer commute, and supervised two older men who clearly had a problem with me (one more thank the other). When I was going to say yes to the position, I got a call saying the position changed so that I wouldn’t supervise, the raise was being taken away, and I would still need to go farther for a commute. I was also told that if I didn’t accept the position, they would NOT offer it to my coworkers but they have one person in mind at the institution they’ll offer it to and then look outward.
I decided to say no because I didn’t want to add an hour on my commute for no raise. They offered it to the internal person who trained for a day then decided it was overwhelming and rejected the offer.

They then hired a totally new position: a non academic Dean. The dean talked to me about the office and I told her that I denied the position because xyz. Then they ended up offering to the person they said they wouldn’t offer it to: my colleague who has more of a problem with me because of my age and/or gender. Ever since he got that position he puts my ideas or actions down unnecessarily. Usually he doesn’t copy the dean unless he thinks he’s clearly in the right, and then he copies literally everyone and their moms unnecessarily.
In the transition he very poorly passed most of his students to me to advise, to which he didn’t provide any information other than names and majors to which both or one were incorrect. Keep in mind we’re already two weeks into registration. Come to find out he incorrectly advised many students, but his response when we ask for more information is “well they’re your students now, figure it out and build a rapport.” Which is causing more harm than good right now.

It’s one email or conference call after another that he “gives me a paper cut.” One isn’t a big deal, but they get annoying and kill my mental healthy after a while. My colleague is getting similar but not as often passive aggressive and emails that put him down as well. Our boss would always come back super defensive. I’ve tried being nice, being formal, being informal, being detailed, being vague. Literally every approach comes back with a slap in the face. But nothing extreme enough to bring to HR. 

So finally Friday, I decided to stand up for myself. My boss sent me an email and copied my colleague and one Of my new advisers that my boss transitioned to me last minute. He says to the student, please write up the problem you told me about (instead of my boss helping and providing the problem) and introduced me as the advisor. The says that my colleague is the expert, so he can help too.

Both my colleague and I work with military affiliated students. We are both “experts.” Now my boss has painted this picture that the student should go to my colleague not me, their advisor. My boss has also said to me “you’re not an expert” and has created the precedence that I can’t handle my students. If I need help, I always reach out. He has shown me that he doesn’t believe in my knowledge. And now I can see the student now knowing who to go to because he has been told that his advisor doesn’t have the knowledge to help, when I might. If I ever don’t, I always tell the student I’ll find out.

Now I’m anxious to hear the passive aggressive response. I’m interested to see how he spins this pin me. My previous boss to me to be careful (after she left). I’m just tired of the constant push back when I provide information or ideas. I’ve been looking for a new job for months (he was an awful coworker and I was always wary around him), but I literally can’t do anything else right now.

They’ll never fire him without significant cause. My coworkers feels similar to me, but he is just existing. I think I have more respect for myself and I know I don’t deserve this treatment. I have no idea if it’s because I’m a woman or if it’s because I’m half his age or because of my knowledge. No clue.

Any advice moving forward? Has anyone gone to HR for a similar situation where it wasn’t one significant thing but a thousand small things? I would quit,  but I need to pay my student loans first.