People accusing me of lying about sexual asssult
About 2 years ago, at my college a boy a year older than me pressured me into having sex with him.

 I went to his house for the first time, and I sucked his dick, and that was fine, then I went there a second time, and I sucked him off again the night before and he tried to fuck me but it wasn't working so we stopped, then in the morning I had a drink so I was slightly tipsy, and he was like, I wanna try and fuck you again, and I was like, "I don't really want to, I mean, if you really want to but I don't really want to" and he was like "Okay, turn over and get on your hands and knees" and the whole time getting into the position I was literally begging in my mind for my mom to come and pick me up. And he didn't actually get it in my vagina, but he fucked my thighs until he came I think, or he stopped cause it wasn't working. I've pushed it out of my memory. And I went home like almost right after. And the whole way home I was wondering if I should tell my mom. Then like a few weeks later I'm like, I don't wanna date you, I don't like you like that, and then he started being an ass hole. I was worried he was gonna tell everyone, so I told my friend (Let's call them Alex) what happened because I didn't know what to call it, she said it was rape. So I told one of my "friends" about it because I didn't know what to do because the more I thought about it and the more I saw him the more I wanted to fucking die. Someone overheard me saying it to Alex, and started spreading that I was going around telling everyone I was raped by the guy, then I looked into it more and was like. I guess it was just assault. So I said to everyone, "no he pressured me into it, I think it was sexual assault" but I didn't wanna press charges and go through all that because it would of gone no where. And now, 2 years later , this one girl, is still fucking talking about it. Saying "I don't like them because they lied about rape and someone heard them confessing they lied about it over the technician's headset." 

I don't want to be confrontational to the girl who's saying this about me, but I don't know what to do. I have 4 months left, and I know I should push through but 4 months feels like forever.

I starting to wonder what I should call this as well. Am I wrong? Did I over react?