Things I learned while refinancing my student loans
At r/GradSchool most of us have student loans of some sort, so I wanted to share some things I learned from refinancing my student loans that no one seems to talk about. I hope to save you some frustration and a lot of money! At worst, at least you'll have something to benchmark.

Some background - I powered through 3 business degrees and got a good paying job, but I now my \~10 loans are near repayment. 

Credit score ranging from 710-765.  I have 140k all with federal set rates ranging from 3.4-6.8%. Refinancing was definitely a good idea. I ultimately ended up refinancing most of my loans through a combination of SOFI and ELFI (through credible)... see below the underwriter is still MOHELA for both.

1. There's a lot of options in appearance, but in practice there's only a few loan servicers.  MOHELA and Navient (Sallie Mae) are big ones. Most of the websites like SOFI, Credible, ELFI, are just intermediaries, they are *NOT* the underwriter. They do not make the decisions and your loans are still going to be handled by one of the big companies!
2. Companies like SOFI and ELFI are going to have very different terms. Their customer service is mostly BS.  For example, SOFI calls themselves a conservative lender but then has very aggressive payoff schemes where you have to payoff your loans in 5 or 7 years to get the best rates. 
3. The customer service of these intermediaries is worthless, despite how friendly they may be.
4. At the end of the day your income, your credit score, and your overall ability to repay affects your rates... these companies will not share their formulas with you.  *It is in YOUR best interest to spend time playing with the numbers.*  After I verified income, my rate went down and I was thrilled, so I asked for a larger loan (specified another loan), and despite multiple reps assuring me that my rate would not change. Guess what?! It did and it probably will for you. SOFI then tried to get push my application through and attested they had no recollection of a lower rate.  Call them back/modify your application. I removed the other loan and my rate went back down.  Even a 0.25% at 15k is about $40/year, and this stuff can really compound.
5. Your credit score will take some big hits for the process. Two companies, two hard hit and I lost about 40 points. This is the scummy part of how credit works.
6. You might want to consider multiple companies. Aggressive and conservative. I did 25k at a 4.7% rate for 5 years and about 60k at 5.4% for 15 years. This gave me a good mix.  Overall, I will save \~$800 in interest my first year alone. 
7. For academics, these servicers are clueless.  When they verify your income, they use monthly... meaning that if you're paid over 9 months... *cha-ching* for you. They will multiply one month by 12. 

I am not recommending any particular company and only outlining my experience with information I wish I knew beforehand.  This was an incredibly frustrating process but worth it with the savings in the end.  Hopefully, my info/story will help you. 

&#x200B;