After years of issues I've just been diagnosed with Schizophrenia. Here are my tips for dealing with the negative symptoms i.e. depression and lethargy.
I hope this is not patronising because each person's set of problems are, of course, complex and unique. Some things in life are difficult to control but there are many things you can control. I think the most important thing to do is to give yourself ambitions then make a plan to achieve them. Hopefully you'll find yourself dreaming about the future rather than ruminating about your problems. Here's what helped me:

Stop drinking completely. You may think you're only having a little every now and then but when your mind is not in great shape anyway, a little can have a big negative effect that lasts for days. Alcohol is of course, a depressant. Giving up completely may sound daunting especially considering how synonymous it is with socialising in Western cultures but there are now some good non-alcoholic alternatives available in shops and pubs. Alcohol free wine is still absolutely ghastly however. Try going at least a month without drinking. I expect the same goes for recreational drugs or gambling. I don't know much about those though.

Exercise as often as you can and eat healthily. The endorphins make you feel better, you'll get in shape and will get a sense of achievement form being able to run/swim/cycle etc faster and further. If you join a club you'll make some good friends too. Personally I think gyms are depressing as fuck unless perhaps you're there with a friend. Group classes are good though. Track your progress in a log to give yourself motivation. Go out even if it's raining. Once you've warmed up it's great.

Give yourself a project or ambition to work on. Immerse yourself in whatever you find interesting and find people who are interested in the same things even if it's just here on reddit. You might feel right now that you've lost interest in just about everything but there's probably something from your past that you could pick up again. Or it could be something totally new. Some examples: learn a new language, a musical instrument, making something, art, photography, reading, coding, maths, CAD. I hesitate to include gaming because a lot of games seem designed just to give instant gratification which I don't think helps much. I think longer term goals and a sense of achievement and pride are key here. Just pick something to work on and do it regularly. Share what you do with other people.

Minimise your social media use. There have been quite a few studies now that show a correlation between social media use and depression. Dial down the notification settings on your accounts and phone and relegate the apps to the last page. I'm not telling you to get rid of facebook completely because it has its uses but don't just endlessly scroll. Same goes for reddit. Try to keep your phone in your pocket unless necessary.

Find a few close friends you can confide in about how you feel. Therapists are good but expensive and time is limited with them. Good friends are better imo. Maybe some of them are having problems too. You could help them and feel good about it.

Get some quality sleep. Go to bed on time and don't allow distractions like your phone. If you have insomnia try having some ambient noise on in the background like white noise or recordings of waterfalls or thunderstorms. There's a ton of stuff like that on Spotify. You'll want a premium account though to get rid of the ads. There's also Sleep Radio. Also important is getting out of bed on time. Have a little routine. Get up, make your bed, have a shower, sing Feeling Good and don't give a shit who hears.

Recognise when you're ruminating and make yourself stop. This is hard. Sitting around thinking about how terrible everything is only makes the feelings worse. Don't feel guilty about it but do something to drag yourself out of that hole and break the cycle. Get up and do something. Do that thing you've been putting off doing. Clean the kitchen. If you're doing it in bed try thinking about what you want to achieve tomorrow.

Avoid shift work. It's really not good for you.

Get a pet. Or even just a plant. Look after it well.

Listen to music but avoid the genres and songs that just enforce negative emotions. If you get distracted by the lyrics easily then try instrumental music like classical or jazz.

Spend more time around nature.

Help other people with their problems. It's rewarding.

This last one is going to be very controversial: Make a small effort to be cheerful and friendly. Hopefully you'll find it rubs off on other people then they make you a bit happier too. Say good morning to the people you meet like the bus driver or the person behind the till. I'm not saying that you have to go around pretending that everything is fine but little things like asking 'how are you?' can help lift someone else's mood and in turn could lift yours.