Please Note The Difference Between “Test-Optional” and “Test-Blind”!
Just wanted to remind you guys that there is a difference between schools going test-optional and test-blind, and I wanted to explain why (in my opinion) admissions at test-optional schools are probably not getting easier or more random!

Test-blind means that even if you have SAT/ACT/SAT subject test score(s), the school will not consider it when evaluating your application. Examples of schools adopting this policy are Caltech (for the next 2 admissions cycles, they will not look at SAT/ACT scores) and MIT (they won’t look at SAT subject tests moving forward, you can’t even submit them). 

Test-optional means that an SAT/ACT score in your application is not required to be considered for admission to a certain school. Many colleges in recent months have gone test-optional in response to COVID-19 and are saying it’s because they want to “help students out” given that many test dates were cancelled. The thing, though, is that they’re doing it because they don’t want their application numbers to go down. If they make SAT/ACT tests required, they’re going to be blocking off a (potentially) huge chunk of their normal application pool. This means that they’ll have to accept a larger percentage of the students who apply, and that will reflect as a higher acceptance rate. Colleges don’t want that! 

So: just because a college is test-optional doesn’t mean you shouldn’t submit competitive SAT/ACT scores! If you have a good score, submit it for consideration because AOs would like to see it and it will definitely help you out! 

If you’re only applying to test-blind schools, then you can truly rest assured that you don’t need to try taking the SAT/ACT, or if you don’t have the best score, you won’t be put at a disadvantage. But for those applying to test-optional schools (especially the selective ones like Yale, JHU, uPenn), try your best to take it and still get a good score, because there are undoubtedly people in the application pool who took the SAT/ACT way early on and got it knocked out of the way, and that early preparation (hypothetically, if all things were equal) is going to give them an advantage in the admissions process.