My SO is frustrated with her string of extremely short term jobs. Has anyone else dealt with this problem?
My SO is getting upset with getting jobs that only last a few weeks at most. She’s been trying to get admin assistant or receptionist jobs, and she’s been getting a lot of temp to hire and direct hire jobs, but none seem to last. She’s not doing anything crazy or stupid to get fired. 

One job lasted a month and her manager didn’t have time to train her and fired her for lack of performance. Another job lasted two weeks and her supervisor complained about everything she did. The super complained that she didn’t separate the business owner’s personal mail from the business mail (both with the same address), to the angle of the staples was wrong, among other things. Even still, she got data entry job through an agency, it lasted one day. She showed up. She was told she was doing a good job, and by the end of the day, she was told that her assignment ended. 

Most recently, she got a receptionist job that was temp to hire through another agency. She was doing good last week. Today is Monday, she walks in and is told by management that her assignment ends today and that her last assignment is to train her replacement. She was told that she had to stay, but she said that there was a family medical emergency and she left. Apparently the agency didn’t know that the company was going to do that. 

I want to emphasize that she hasn’t done anything “to get fired”. She doesn’t partake in drugs or alcohol, and is punctual and polite. She’s currently seeing a career counselor to help her find quality jobs that will be good for her. 

I’ve never had this problem, I’ve had jobs that lasted a few months, but nothing that’s lasted just days or weeks. Has anyone else experience this type of bs, in which companies are fickle? Has anyone had a string of jobs that were promising, but you were fired or laid-off within weeks, and you’re unsure why? Any sympathy or advice is appreciated.