i'm miserable at my dream job
i’ve worked steadily in my field for 4 years, plus a lot of volunteering both before and during that time. i’m only in my early 20’s so while i understand that i certainly have a lot to learn, i’m not coming into this job from a place of absolutely no experience.

previously, my position dealt more with customers than anything else, although a lot of the more data oriented tasks i perform now are ones that i also performed off and on as needed in my previous workplace when i was promoted to manager. i'm good with computers and i'm a fast learner, so i thought the transition to this new position would be smooth. i moved states and jobs for this position at a large company, well-known and admired in my field of work. my previous company was on a smaller scale in a lesser known area, so i was surprised to get this interview at all, let alone the job. 

however, one month into starting my work here, i’m miserable. i dread going to work every day. i try to start each morning with a positive attitude, but something always goes wrong before lunch. i’ve had my share of good days and projects where i've done very well, but any small mistake i make during the week seems to overshadow them.

coming into this position, i had to acclimate not only to a new way of doing things i mostly knew how to do, but to the fact that my position in this large company is more on the data analysis end than the customer service side of the position i excelled in before. they use abbreviations i’ve never heard of, hundreds of custom reports i didn’t even have need for until now. i liked to think i was doing a fairly good job getting used to things, but as the days go by i’m not sure. it has not been easy, but i’ve taken the initiative to take detailed notes, look them over in my spare time, ask questions. 

nobody is perfect, everyone makes mistakes, and these things would be alright if it weren’t for the way i get treated when i make a small mistake. one of my supervisors has a consistently nasty attitude with me when i ask a question or need clarification, and my coworkers aren’t always available to assist me (ETA: there are only five of us in my department total, so who i can go to is limited). my supervisor is easily irritated with me despite the fact that i’ve had no negative interactions with them. 

there have been several instances where another coworker showed me how to perform a task and left out some more minor information that i did not know i needed until my manager brought it to my attention (ie- i didn’t get the updated contact list for a project, i wasn’t told which report to pull/i was told to use an outdated report, etc). 

i get new tasks and information thrown at me on a daily basis; i take extensive notes and ask questions when i have them, but i don’t understand how i can take notes on information i’m not given in the first place. i’m still fairly new and it’s only been a month, so until i’m more familiar with the reports and the way they like things done, i can really only do things the way that i’ve been told to do them. 

we have a "best practices" manual but it's outdated. i'm told to look there if i have questions, but either the thing i'm looking for isn't there, or the procedure is obsolete and i get reprimanded for using the old instructions.

i could understand if it was a large, more crucial mistake that affected the outcome of a project or impacted company-wide data, but it’s not. the numbers are correct. the format is correct. the work is carefully done. in almost every instance thus far, it’s been that i have sent an email to the wrong group of people or had too many people on the receiving end of an email due to the aforementioned contact list/lack thereof, or even once where i sent an email from my own email address rather than the email address for generic reports. this is not sensitive information. the entire company can access the reports i send out at any given time as they’re stored on a shared drive, so it’s not like i’m leaking secrets to the wrong department or anything like that. 

the worst thing i have done thus far was that a formula did not get updated in a spreadsheet, and i didn't catch it. we have other coworkers look over reports before we send them out for this exact reason. the coworker who looked it over said it was great and that everything was set to send it out. however, when someone from another department saw that the number in question had not updated correctly, i was solely the one at fault in my supervisor's eyes. i did make the initial mistake by overlooking it, and i apologized and made a note to be sure i check that every time from here on out, but i don't feel that i'm the only one who should be singled out when that's the exact reason we all check each other's work.

to top it all off, i’ve tried making friends but nothing has stuck. i’ve been on a few lunches with people i’ve chatted to and taken the steps to invite my coworkers out to lunch with me as well, but nothing comes of it other than acknowledging each other in the hallway or saying a polite “good morning”. nobody i’ve been to lunch with has responded to my invitations to go to lunch again. i’ve never had problems talking to people or even making solid friendly acquaintanceships, and i had a lot of friends at my previous jobs, but i feel like i have no support system here, or even anyone who likes me enough to talk to me more than once or twice. 

i am beyond frustrated. i feel exhausted and worn-down. i feel isolated, stupid, embarrassed constantly. i take the criticism with a smile and an “i’ll make note of that, thank you!”. i do make note of it, and while i haven’t repeated a mistake, i keep making minor mistakes of the same type. i don’t mind criticism, but when it seems like i’m getting picked at for every little thing i do wrong, it starts to dishearten me. i picked up my last position so quickly, and i had high hopes that experience would be of more help to me here than it has been. 

i don’t know what to do. i cant quit. i don’t WANT to quit. i just want to be better. if anything, i want to stay as long as possible and prove that i can do it. i'm afraid they'll get fed up and fire me, but i have no way of knowing how they feel about my performance. my actual boss hasn't said anything negative to me, but he isn't the one i'm concerned about.

sorry if this is all over the place, i just need to get it out. does anyone have advice? have you been in a similar situation? i need some guidance. i don't want to quit, i just want to know how to cope until i get more into the swing of things here