I think I'm losing control. I'm getting therapy and have the support of family and friends and it's not getting better.
From Mid December to March I witnessed my girlfriend's (both mid 20's) steep decline into depression and felt totally helpless. I've been working with my own therapist lately and I've come to the realization that during her depression, I went through a steep decline in self-esteem because of the immense shame I was feeling.   


I feel totally inadequate as a person. I wasn't funny enough to cheer up my girlfriend, I wasn't smart enough to find a solution for her, I wasn't strong enough to save her. At the lowest point in her depression, She started cutting, drinking and smoking. She also completely pushed me away and started hanging out with people we both used to describe as "toxic" when things were good.  


I tried my best to support her with what I knew at the time. I always told her she wasn't alone and that I was there for her, I encouraged her to seek help from a therapist/medical team. When she asked for space, I tried my best. I never pressured her to be intimate (her depression stems from sexual assault in the past), I avoided her triggers (the one's I knew about). I do have regrets though, I know I could have been a better listener. I tried to fix things for her even though I know now that I couldn't.

&#x200B;

In February she asked for complete separation for a few weeks so she could work on herself and I did that for her. It was the hardest time in my life. I was so scared for a number of reasons and I constantly ran through scenarios in my head ranging from "she's having fun without me and doesn't want me" to "she's going to commit suicide". We met up once 2 weeks into no-contact and I was in a bad place. I felt totally rejected and I was very vulnerable in front of her. I cried in her car for about an hour and she tried to comfort me. I know she wasn't in a place to support me, but I was a mess.  


After a few weeks of no-contact, we met up again and she had decided she needed to work on herself and try and heal, and that she couldn't be in a relationship at the same time. She broke up with me the day before my first scheduled therapist appointment. I also think she felt guilty for my decline in self-esteem over the past few months and thought that I would be better without her in my life.   


After 6 weeks I've gotten to a point where I understand that neither of us were in a position to support each other the way things were. I'm grappling with serious shame because I continue to blame myself for her depression, as well as the ways I've acted since breaking up. In the first few weeks, we saw each other a few times, and one day she was really upset and I was able to comfort her until she calmed down. After calming down, she told me she loved me and tried to kiss me. I talked with her after this and told her I'm always here to listen and support her, but I couldn't hear her say "I love you" or go back to being in a relationship. She apologized and since then we've barely talked.

&#x200B;

Through friends, I've found out she's doing quite a bit better and she's finally having more good days that bad. She's on the road to recovery without me, and I feel like I'm still in a downward spiral. She won't talk to me at all, she deleted me on facebook and our mutual friends are starting to get fed up with me because she's all I can talk about. It feels like every interaction I have with people,  I twist into a narrative that I'm a bad person. I feel so ashamed that I couldn't help her, and that now that she's starting to do better, I can't just feel happy for her and leave it at that. I'm feeling jealousy whenever I think of her being happy, because it's not with me, and then I feel guilty for not being able to happy for her recovery. It's a viscous cycle.