I've been feeling like I don't really fit in with my friends.
For a while now, I’ve noticed a few differences that’s made me feel like the odd one out in my college friend group (about 4-5 people). At first, it didn't really seem to make a difference--at least, when it came to just hanging out, studying, etc. But now, it really seems like it's starting to. Let me explain.

The first difference that comes up once in a while is the fact that I'm the only one who has some form of shitty upbringing that's led to trauma and mental illness. Like, it's always kind of awkward when my friends bring up their parents in a normal context and I have to bring my dad up in the context that he's "not a good person." (actually a massive oversimplification, but oh well.) 

Not only has my shitty upbringing resulted in trauma and mental illness, but it has resulted in...weird mannerisms? Like, I have anxiety (though I wouldn't be surprised if I had other issues too), but somehow the only thing I can default to focusing on is my education. It's good in the sense that I can put my focus in my grades--and, as a result, have very high grades--but when it comes to anything else, I can't do it. I get crazy anxious over the fact that I have extracurriculars I need to to do, like volunteering. 

For one, my friends aren't high achievers like me, and for that reason I always make an effort to not talk about my grades. A while ago, though, I was talking to one of my friends (let's call him Q for now) about the education system changing and beginning to lean towards favoring extracurriculars over grades. I told Q that I actually wouldn't like that, given the way I am (good at getting the grade, not so good at extracurriculars). It didn't seem like a big deal at the time, but it came up again--this time during a phone call with Q and a few others in the group. God, the way it came up...Q essentially said something along the lines of, "I know *you* like the system as it is, but frankly, *we* rely on a system where we're not defined by our grades."

Damn, did it just trigger the hell out of me when he said that. I had to just leave the phone call abruptly because I literally froze and started crying. It really just made it so evident how different I was from the rest of the group. Like a slap in the face.

All in all, I wouldn't say my friends are crappy people. Q did apologize for what he said later and asked if I wanted to talk about it. But really, this just makes me want to talk about it even less with any of them. Bringing these things up just seems like it would make these differences even more blatantly obvious, hurting me more than helping.

Again, all of this is in reference to my friends in college. This is important to note because a lot of the friends I made in high school actually tended to have some sort of mental health issue as well, so I never felt out of place. Unfortunately, I don't really get to see my HS friends often anymore given some circumstances.

TL;DR I've been feeling out of place lately with my college friends because they haven't experienced a shitty upbringing/mental illness like I have.