My dad has cancer but I'm still struggling to forgive him for being a crappy parent [long]
I haven't typed this out yet and I know it's going to be long. Please stick with me.

I feel like I've repeated some variant to this story to enough counselors, social workers, and various people on the internet that I should know how to introduce all of this, yet every time I find myself paralyzed.

I wouldn't condemn my entire childhood to say that I had a miserable one, but when I recall the early years, there's just this overtone of pain that bleeds through even my happiest memories. Maybe it wasn't just my dad, but his absence and general jackassery (and plenty of other confounding factors that make me hesitant to point a finger in any specific direction) leaves me wondering if my issues with intimacy and men are correlated with him.

Maybe I should have introduced myself for context first. I am a nineteen year old university student. I live mostly alone in an off-campus apartment and "rent out" my space to friends who need a place to crash in exchange for financial help of some sort (even if it's just getting beer), but the lease is still in my name. It sounds sketchy, but how else do you get by when you're a broke student who works part-time at a grocery store? Sell dope? Whore myself out?

Well... I suppose what's bothering me is my relationship with my father for the last nineteen years. I realize, retrospectively, that he struggled with bipolar disorder (and I am sad to see my sister exhibiting many symptoms of his illness already at age seventeen). He would hole up in his home office or in bed whenever he wasn't at work, mope about, sustain on junk food, and be generally as psychologically disengaged from the family as possible while still physically being there. When manic, his spending would put the family in crippling debt despite making a software engineer's salary. He'd stay up all night feverishly writing code convinced he's conceived some billion-dollar website idea. As you may imagine, nothing really took off. My (maternal) grandmother still recalls my mother's frantic phonecalls to her, begging for help on the bills. Of course, when my grandma sent my parents money, asshole dad always spent it on some new gadget.

Of course, he had a short temper, and there was plenty of collateral damage following every "explosion." He'd hit me in the same fit of manic hysteria he'd break a lamp or a door hinge-- the literal fucking manifestation of "blind rage." He neglected my sister and I-- not out of malice, but with this toddler-like ego-centrism in which any inconvenience caused his daughters to temporarily disappear. I'm sure I'd have starved to death if he were a single parent. I grew up lonely and resentful, and lived my adolescence trying vainly to fill this paternalistic Freudian void with a slew of shitty boyfriends. My mom was a classic enabler, so any complaints about him were negated with a reminder that I should be grateful that I even have a dad. What a turn of fate now, huh?

This setup stagnated until my senior year of high school. Dad tried to kill himself-- for real this time-- and while in the psych ward he spilled to my mom that he was having an affair, and that he was going to divorce her for this woman once he got out of the nuthouse. Mom becomes a basketcase, and though I was stoic for a few months, eventually I crack and become one too. My sister (who is autistic, which I should have added) never verbalized her feelings, but starts acting out more than usual and begins to exhibit manic depressive symptoms. After a shitty year, I still manage to get into college (my grades suffered horribly, so a public university instead of the private one in New York I had my heart set on. C'est la vie.) and move out after a semester. Things settle down and my family picks itself back up. My dad got remarried, and I actually ended up liking my new stepfamily, especially my stepbrother whom I have a lot in common with. My mom underwent therapy and eventually decided to date again. Her current boyfriend is a saint and I'm infinitely proud of her for not picking out another Dad. I mean, this guy is amazing. She was having issues seeing the house and being reminded of her former marriage, so what does he do? He motivates her to renovate nearly the whole house and even helps fund it, happily taking on a good bulk of the "grunt work" himself. Seeing the house in such a different light (literally, they finally replaced that shitty old light fixture in the bathroom that hasn't turned on since the Bush administration) has helped me tremendously as well when I come back to visit. I've been on the Dean's list every semester and I'll be graduating a year and a half early. I felt alright. I was a bit of a lone wolf, but god damn did I feel liberated. I had my cozy own apartment that I could decorate however I pleased, amazing friends, and even though my mother didn't have much backbone when I was growing up, I'm realizing how much I love and need her, and how wonderful she and my grandparents are. I didn't have a romantic partner (and I'm going back and forth about my sexuality, but that's another thread), but I still felt fulfilled and content.

Then the cancer. Stage four stomach cancer, to be exact.

I feel so conflicted. I love my dad, I always will-- even if I only love the idea of him. But I'm still trying to forgive him. When he was suicidal, I anticipated losing him constantly. But after every "false alarm" like a 3am phonecall that just turned out to be my drunk friend, I realized that I will never be prepared to lose him. I just can't fucking dismiss the sick irony of dying only after you chose to live.

I've barely cried about it-- I kept myself busy enough to avoid processing my grief. Now that I have time, it simply can't remain ignored. 

I just don't want him to die before I learn to love him without resentment.