My husband died, I'm left with 6 kids 3 of which are my neice and nephews who are survivors of sexual assault. I don't want to do this anymore.
This is going to be an extremely long post,and some of this information may seem irrelevant but it all ties together why I just don't want to carry on in this world anymore, so if you make it to the end I'm grateful you read my story. I grew up in a very emotionally abusive household with a schizophrenic mother and a narcissistic father, but I overcame the years of abusive relationships with abusive men and finally found true love in 2007 

  As the title states my husband of ten years passed away from cancer in August, just 3 days after our ten year Anniversary. He fought cancer for a good 2 years but everything happened so quickly. I was his caregiver up until hospice got involved the last 3 weeks of his life. Even at that point I did 90 percent of the work. I'm absolutely traumatized by seeing him waste away, I won't go into too many details because it makes me physically ill to remember him that way, but his tumors were wrapped around his corroded artery and he had a trach tube and a feeding tube. He couldn't speak because the tumors were everywhere in his mouth, so he had to use that stupid text to speech. 

 At this point we had our 3 children ages 2, 9, and 7.
We also had custody of a neice aged 13 and a nephew aged 15. We had them for about 7 years, due to my neice telling me during a visit that her babysitters were sexually assaulting her. I did contact social services in the county they were living in and the 3 other children were interviewed but lied and said there was no abuse. They had already been removed from the home and in foster  care for two years, but my brother and his wife were given back custody. They were scared and threatened every day, and their mother was also physically abusing them and their father too.  In hindsight I should've done more to pursue this family of molesters. When I told social services they said now that my neice was in another county it wasn't worth reporting it and because it would be traumatic to my neice to be interviewed. I have a tremendous amount of guilt for not telling them to fuck off and calling the cops. As the saying goes; hindsight is 20/20. Several months later my brother left his emotionally and physically abusive wife (mind you I was still unaware and very much in denial about his part in this). They all came and stayed with us, my brother and his 3 other children. I found out months later after giving my brother a free place to live he was speaking and visiting his abusive wife the entire time. Once asked to leave he ended up taking his younger two boys and leaving his oldest son with us. I'm kind of unsure why that was the case, but that's what happened. 

My neice went through rough times, lots of bed wetting and attention seeking behavior. She was also extremely mean to my daughter who would've been 3 at the time. I feel like she learned to start problems with people and play victim because that's what her mom did. So many unhealthy behaviors that rubbed off on my daughter. I should have gotten her into therapy right away, but I guess I kind of thought she had talked to me about it and kind of moved on. 

My nephew has always been pretty well behaved, and had some anger twords me for not swooping in earlier to save him. He has always completely shut down when it comes to any sort of emotions. He's a very good kid in general but definitely angry.  Again we had to try and help them unlearn this learned behavior. The swearing and the threats of killing people. 

Fast forward to 2017 when my husband was diagnosed with his cancer. Again, I just can't go into too many details because it's still too painful. It was a solid two years without any intimacy and again me being his caregiver not his wife. It was okay though, all of it because I had something people only dream about. True, unconditional fucking love. I would do it a million times over if I had too. Again though, I have so much guilt for not spending more time with him, but there were 5 kids that needed to be cared for. Slowly all the kids drifted farther and farther away from dad, because I think it was too scary for them to see. The only one who didn't was the youngest, she didn't see cancer guy, she just saw dad. I think she kind of got him through the really, really tough times.  

After my husband passed away, I was not invited to partake in the writing of his eulogy by his family, because according to his mother, I was in no state to contribute, was I? I was really shoved aside by his parents and aunts, but more specifically his mother. To this day she doesn't call or try to see her grandkids, the only remnants of her son. It breaks my fucking heart to see this, I'd be fine never seeing her again, but wtf why don't you see the kids? My husband was a man of very strong faith, and very selfless so he knew he was going to a better place and he felt terrible that he was going to have to leave us. All the children also go to a private school, which now I'm very grateful for. At the visitation and the funeral the kids went right up to him and touched him and said "daddy's not even in there anymore, he's in heaven." As someone who struggles with faith, I'm okay with this. The little kids need that faith right now. 

Fast forward about 5 months and my nephew Sean comes for a sleepover, it's Christmas break, so he keeps asking every night if he can sleep over. Alright dude, that's cool, but what's up? Why don't you want to go home? Turns out both parents are physically abusing him, and the emotional abuse every day all day is enough to break the strongest of people. Alright, I'm calling your dad, I will do whatever it takes to keep this kid safe. Throughout all this my brother who's been tn the methadone program for several years finds his wife has been shooting meth for 6 months but hadn't noticed? Things were okay, Sean is openly gay which is fine with me but he also has an extremely foul mouth which I've had to reign in constantly.  Now there's this strange shift in my nieces behavior, and by now she's been in therapy for several months because she said she was suicidal. But it's a really bad shift in her. She's even more spiteful and bitchy and mean to the little kids. And her and Sean are trying to share a room, and I say absolutely not. I sense a very unhealthy connection between those two. A strange co dependency I've never before seen. 

Over this time my neice Kailey decides to come out to me as gay. Okay, that's fine. But are you gay or are you wanting to fit in or get attention. I apologize if that statement offends anyone but I know her and this is the polar opposite of her normal boy crazy behavior. My oldest nephew has been lost in all of this drama between Kailey and Sean. They fight eachother, Kailey beats up all the little kids and is frankly out of control with her behavior. I think Sean coming here has triggered something in her. Something very unhealthy. I believe that not only were her and Sean made to perform sexual acts on these male and female babysitters but also on eachother. I don't know what to do. They must be carrying around a huge weight of shame even though it isn't their fault. My goal is to get Sean into therapy so we can figure some of this out. 

I feel like I've failed my children. Everyone says they need structure, but wtf does that look like when there's six of them and one of me. I have realized every single one of them take advantage of and are very rude to me. I'm tired, tired of missing my husband, tired of going through the motions but just wanting to not be here anymore. I resent mostly my neice for coming here and really affecting my children's behavior in a negative way. I resent my husband for leaving me all alone. I resent my own children because I have to stay on this fucking earth because they need me. I often fantasize how I would die. I wouldn't want them to find me because it would be awful for them. I think about hanging and the second before I kick that stool out I text my friend telling her to get the kids from school and that I'm ending it all. My oldest nephew completely shuts down and won't say a word. His anger is real, one day he pushed me so hard I fell and hit my head very hard. His guilt and shame was immediately apparent. But the realization was holy shit, this kid could beat the shit out of me. I'm working on getting everyone else in therapy (my two nephews and my daughter). My son has been going since before his dad died because he has childhood anxiety and depression and hdhd. 

I'm not a nice mother, I yell and I swear and I ask them wtf is wrong with them for them to act this way. I do feel like as much as they love me, they would be better off without me. They always worry about me, and I would like them to not bear that burden. Every morning I wake up with more and more anxiety, I take .5 mg kolonopin to help  slow down my mind. Sometimes I think I'm just not meant for this world, there's just too much pain and the monotony of every day doesn't help. I'm absolutely lost. Every day the urge to die is stronger. I'm not even afraid anymore. The last few weeks I have truly realized how terrible things are. How awful the kids treat eachother and treat me, how they don't even hear my yelling anymore. How I'm cleaning up after everyone, everyday because nobody helps me. It's like, at first the kids were what got me through and kept me going, but now I feel like anger and sadness is just hurting them. I feel ready to die, but for now I'm going to leave it  in the cruel hands of fate. I'm aware I need help, but there's no time for it. I'm too busy trying to keep these kids from killing eachother and trying to not kill myself. Idk if this was the right place to share my story, but I figured because my want to die is so strong maybe this would be the place. Thanks for reading if you made it this far.