Preparing for HE/SA master's programs
Around the time I finished undergrad, I realized that a) I didn't want to do a PhD in my field and b) I'm interested in student affairs (primarily academic advising). Therefore, I have a pretty good sense of what PhD programs care about, but I now need to figure out what HE/SA programs are looking for in an applicant, partly for me and partly for the sake of future recommenders. 

For example, in PhD applications, letters of recommendation are a big factor, and programs want to see letters that vouch for your strong intrinsic motivation and potential to do scholarly research. I know my undergrad advisor could attest to those things, but would HE/SA programs care? I assume research potential isn't important if you're not aiming for a research degree or a research career. My advisor is likely not very familiar with what HE/SA programs want to know about. Is there some kind of advice or how-to sheet I could give my letter-writers if they want it? (Something like [this](http://cs.brown.edu/~sk/Memos/Grad-School-Recos/) but for HE/SA.) Or are LoRs not a big deal in this field?

And for me, what is an ideal number of years of relevant work experience? People on Grad Cafe say a two-year master's program is better if you're thin on experience, but how thin is thin? How long should you have worked if you're interested in a one-year program? (I'd be happy to do two years in principle, but some programs I really like for other reasons are one year.) I'm not planning to apply for at least a year or two, or more if that's advisable.

There are quite a few "how to get into grad school" books for other types of grad school, but I haven't found any that deal with HE/SA programs. Any recommendations?

Besides GPA, GRE, SoP, LoRs, and work experience, is there anything else important I should know about? Is volunteer experience a big deal in this field? And if so, how directly relevant to HE/SA does the experience need to be for admissions committees to care?

Any advice is greatly appreciated!