Got stuck in a department I don’t know anything about. Bad day. Feeling lost.
So I started a new job a week ago today. I applied for a position, got it, but they moved me over to a different department; one I know absolutely nothing about. Like, someone could burn their house down if I tell them the wrong thing know nothing about it. 

My supervisor said that was fine, just be honest with people that you don’t know their technical questions, and just point them to whatever item they’re looking for. 

Today, when my sup went to lunch, I was left alone to cover the department and had a customer asking for a specific kind of wire. Only being there a week, I’m not at all well versed in what wires we have, or what they do, so of course the customer got upset. 

And that’s fine. I’ve done retail before. I can handle people being rude or dicks. But this customer went to the front to complain about me, and when the employee they sent back with him couldn’t find what he was looking for, he went to a different apartment to complain. 

When the supervisor came back from lunch, I told them what happened and they were very sympathetic and understanding and basically told me to brush it off, before going to tell the neighboring department’s supervisor what happened. 

My confidence was already low working somewhere I’m not familiar with, and being berated by a customer is always rough, but now I’m embarrassed the two departments surrounding me know what happened as well. My day was shot basically, and I hid as much as I could until my shift was over. 

I’m working the department by myself tomorrow and feeling really anxious about it. (Why am I working an entire department alone after seven days????) I want to do a good job and show my worth, especially to my coworkers who  a) I’ve had to bother relentless for help this past week, and b) seem generally chill about it, but I just feel so useless and in the way. 

How can I go about learning more about what I’m doing and carry my weight? Should I just try and turn tail to another department?