Every night, I consider driving myself to the emergency room, and then every night I remind myself all that will do is give me another bill I can't afford to pay
There are really no good options when you don't have any money. Sure, I could call a suicide hotline, but all they would do is send the police to my house, who would arrest me and take me to the hospital. So super, then I'd have the traumatizing experience of being put in handcuffs for being depressed and a hospital bill I can't afford that would eventually be sent to collections and wreck my credit. I'd still be physically alive but still no closer to fixing my mental health and all of the awful life circumstances causing my depression in the first place.

I don't know what to do. I have no one and nothing. I had some things to look forward to about a year ago, but those fell apart, and now I have truly nothing. I know I'm not being specific, but I don't have the energy to type out a really long story, and it won't matter anyway. Truthfully the only argument I have against dying is that it would kill my dog if I was suddenly gone. Earlier today, she ran away, and while I was outside looking for her, the thought that kept running through my head is, "What if she's dead. What if a car hit her or she went swimming in the creek and an alligator ate her? Then I'd truly have no reason left to be alive." This is what my life has come to. Nonstop thoughts like this.

I want to go to a therapist so bad, but I can't afford it. Don't tell me that there are therapists who will reduce their fees or that there are free clinics. A) It doesn't matter how much the therapist reduces their fee if I have ZERO MONEY, and B) Free clinics do not exist in my area. At all. I've researched extensively, and they just aren't a thing. I say this because every time I've posted about my situation online in the past, I've gotten flooded with people telling me to go find a free clinic or to start calling up therapists and asking if they'll reduce their fees. It's exhausting to try to explain over and over again that those solutions don't work.

Okay, that's all. I had to say something somewhere, and Reddit is free at least.