Losing hope in finding a job with a degree. How do you get a job with no experience?
*sorry if this sounds like I'm venting. I just feel hopeless*

I'm almost completed my degree in B.Comm (Commerce) and I do have past experience in event planning and marketing (all through volunteering). Now I'm trying to find a job in my field (MIS, marketing, supply chain, and project coordination mainly) but I got nothing so far. I have applied to 60+ jobs and got only 1 interview. I also applied to internships last year and also this year but got nothing.

I got my resume and cover letter checked multiple times and I have been applying across Ontario but with no success. Now I'm looking at these jobs (even for entry level) and it makes me realize I have no skills or qualifications to make me remotely qualified for the job. All I really have to go off of is a degree with no relevant real skills. Apparently my volunteer work counts as nothing/is not valuable.

Now, I live in a small city with not a lot of jobs in my field so I was very open to relocating and applying everywhere across my province. However, I need to move out by early August **NO MATTER WHAT** (abusive family issues) and it's June already and I can't finalize a rental until I find a job. My city, since it's small, living off of minimum wage is feasible, however in the bigger city where all the jobs are for my field it will be a struggle because cost of living is very high there.

I'm not sure what to do. I'm thinking about just giving up already because August is around the corner and I have no rental set for August. Thinking about just living off of minimum wage until god knows when because it doesn't look like I'm getting a job in my field any time soon. Feels like it's too late because rentals are going ASAP for august and I really need a place.

But all this has got me thinking, how do people even get their first job right out of university with no internship experience? I feel like it's almost impossible. I feel very trapped and that I will never get out of minimum wage. I feel like I have nothing to really go off of other than a degree.

*sorry, I feel very discouraged and depressed right now. sorry about the negative self talk*