He's fucking with my head and it sucks. Pls help
F(17yo)
So...context. This starts with a crush on an exchange guy, he also liked me at the start of the school year but I wasn't aware of it. 
I don't know how to process feelings, I just don't realize I like someone until it's too late, so ofc even though I smiled every time I saw him and all  that cheesy shit I just wasn't aware.
Enter other guy, this one was making his move, he was shooting his shot with me and wasn't afraid to be obvious so I went with it cause, "yeah, why not? it's easy ik he likes me and I'm sort of attracted to him, yh sure let's do it. " BAD IDEA ( turns out he's an asshole I ended it quick). This made the 1stguy who I actually wanted, give up on me and start talking to some girl, a week or so later they're dating... yay. 

Fast foward 2months later, 1st guy and me are at a party, his girlfriend isn't there we're a little tipsy and he pulls me away from the rest and tells me he had a big crush on me at the start of the school year. WHY WOULD U TELL ME THAT?!?! WHAT'S THE POINT?!? THAT'S JUST SELFISH. But anyway, that night we talked about the whole thing until we fell asleep... in each others arms, we basically cuddled and then something happened but, we didn't kiss or make out we just kind of touched eachother, he was incredibly cute about it he was asking me if I was okay or comfortable etc. After that we didn't even mention it, well just casually said  we remembered everything between 3am and 7am which is when all that happened. 

A month or so later there's another party, and again we cuddled and we danced and he pulled me in by the waist etc. Next day all he does is talk about his "ex-girlfriend" (they broke up but they still talk and they're pretty much still together) TO ME AND IN FRONT OF ME.

When she's there he completely ignores me, but ofc at a party without anyone that knows her it's all good WTF. IM SO CONFUSED AND I HATE SEEING THEM TOGETHER. 

My questions, 
Am I being played?
Should I completely stop talking to him?
What tf is going on?
We haven't talked about any of this and I'm so mad at him, I want to give him a piece of my mind  but I can't.