Job doesn't seem to be panning out, need advice
I was a stay at home mom for 3.5 years before jumping back into the working world, where I took on a Customer Success/Support role at a startup with some decent funding ($20mm raised so far). I have previous experience in Customer Service/Support but I am the first hire at this particular company in the department.

I am finding that my role was hired very preemptively, which is fine, but now that I'm settling in (5 months) I still can't shake that there is something off. We are a technology/SAAS company and everyone else I work with is a developer. We only have a handful of customers at the moment and everything is still being beta tested/developed. I don't have a developer background, so I can't jump in and help with anything really.

I barely talk to my manager, and he keeps rescheduling every 1 on 1 meeting that we've had scheduled. I think I've had 3 1-1s with him in the last 4.5 months, each lasting less than 10 minutes before he has to jump into his next meeting or task. i have mentioned that I feel siloed and isolated from everyone else and he keeps telling me it will change once we have customers onboard. When I do try to engage in conversations with my coworkers (mainly via slack channels), I am ignored like I haven't even said anything. I ask for feedback and it's all positive, I'm doing a 'great job,' but I feel like they are going to realize they are paying me to twiddle my thumbs and cut their losses. I want to do more. I want to feel useful and like I'm contributing. Some days I feel like I'm going crazy. Our VP sits next to me and literally walks into the office in the morning and says hi to the other girl that is in the office when he gets there (it's usually us 3 from 8-9AM) and says nothing to me. Doesn't even acknowledge me.

There are good parts of my job, I'm making really good money for basically doing nothing right now (50k/year) and we have unlimited PTO and a super flexible environment. For example, I'm working from home tomorrow because the weather is shit, and no one cares. I am getting good resume filler. I don't need to work for the financial gain (we lived on my husbands salary for 3.5 years, and managed to pay off almost all of our debts, so everything I make is extra on top of our expenses, and going towards paying extra on my school loans and daycare.)

I have been part of a startup culture before, and know it's not for everyone. But this one seems especially off. Am I overreacting? Should I run? Should I stay put and collect a paycheck? I feel like I am wasting my time right now and not sure how to remedy.