I'm attracted to children, and now I've lost all will to live.
Ever since I was around 14 I've been attracted to young children. I have felt nothing for women of my age or younger for 15 years now. All throughout my teenage years, I lived with suppressed shame and guilt over my attraction and I was so disgusted by myself. I was afraid of how others would react so I never told anyone and internalized it until adulthood, all while hoping that this would end when I became an adult. When I reached my twenties and my feelings remained the same, the depression that had been building up until then just kind of exploded and I entered a terrible period of my life when I was so depressed and yet I couldn't bring myself to open up to anyone about why. When I looked to the news and online forums, the word 'pedophile' and 'child molester' essentially meant the same thing to any regular person and were all vilified, whether they had acted on their desires or not. This stigma scared me a lot. After a year or so living in the dumps, I was forced by my brother to go to a counselor to receive treatment for depression. I grew quite comfortable around the guy after a few appointments, and being the idiot I am, I thought that it would be alright to tell him since I thought these people were under rules of strict confidentiality. I explained my point of view and made it clear that I didn't act on any of my desires. Still, he immediately told my brother and I was shunned from my entire family, and they made it clear that they never wanted a vile person like me back.

I then fell into even greater depression. I'm ashamed to admit that, in these periods of time, I thought of things such as "if everybody is going to hate me no matter what, I might as well actually act on these desires and see what happens". I still clung onto my humanity, and after looking at online resources and essentially giving myself therapy and talking to people online I managed to bring back a little semblance of normalcy to my life. I got a job, I made some friends and while I'm not rich, I could still feed myself without living off of paycheck to paycheck. I was still attracted to children and I was still deathly scared and ashamed, but I internalized it to the point of just living more or less a lie.

I made one particularly good friend from work and I got along well with his family. After knowing him for a few years, I started to think that at least one person I know in real life would understand if I confided to them my darkest secret. It turned out that I'm yet again a idiot and didn't learn anything. A week ago, we were having a few drinks, and I blurted out a bunch of my thoughts and my condition. I was still wary enough to stress that I had no intentions to, and had never harmed a child in any manner and I thought that that would be okay. The thing is, I had met his nieces before when I was having dinner with him before and had even played with them which probably disturbed him. He stopped contacting me, and only called me once out of anger telling me that I had tricked him all this time, that I was a disgusting piece of shit, and that he'd kill me if he ever saw me again. He's presumably told my workplace, and I'm expecting a notice to get fired anytime soon. 

I've lived my entire life riddled with anxiety and depression over the stress of both my condition itself and what would happen if anyone found out. I've been betrayed by even my family completely over this. Nobody understands me at all. The worst thing is, I can't even be angry. It isn't even unreasonable. I pose a tremendous threat to society. I understand that, which is why I fucking hate myself even more for this. At 29, I've lost all connections to anyone I thought cared for me, and now I've lost my will to live. I'm going to hang myself tonight if not earlier. Nobody will even care, so I won't bother writing a proper note.

Thank you to anyone who bothered to read all of this. It just feels kind of refreshing to put my experiences on record like this one last time.