Haven’t touched my savings or bills accounts once this pay period!!!
Edit: YOU GUYS! 💕 Thank you all for your encouragement and for sharing your stories! Keep going towards your savings goals, no matter how big or small. You can do it!!!

———

I’m not at what anyone would consider the poverty level, but I do have a terrible habit that causes me to live paycheck to paycheck and has put me into some scary situations here and there.

I have money automatically deposited into my savings account every paycheck. I also have a certain amount that I put into a second checking account that my regular bills come out of. My primary checking is for groceries, gas, and some spending money.

So I have this HORRIBLE habit of overspending. And it’s not because I buy crap because I want it... I’m just buying things I genuinely need, like an apron so I don’t ruin my clothes when I cook (I’m messy and keto involves a lot of fatty foods lol). No, my one big spending problem is eating out. I kind of panic if I don’t eat breakfast because I don’t have time to eat lunch and breakfast ends up being my only meal until dinner.

Anyway... about this time in the pay cycle (four days until payday) I’ll have to start transferring money from that savings account to my primary checking account because I only have $11 left or something. I’m not exaggerating. This is twice a month this happens. Every. Damn. Time.

But this month!!! This month I made some changes. I said no to frivolous purchases (passed on a beautiful robe on the clearance rack to replace my slightly worn one), took my lunch to work, made dinner with leftovers to spare, was a lot smarter about how much food I purchased (from a big family, hard to learn to just cook for two), and got creative with cheaper recipes like different types of salads. The biggest thing I did was say no to eating out. I’m not actually hungry, I’m just not planning ahead and panicking when I think I won’t eat for the rest of the day.

What’s amazing is that I didn’t actually sacrifice that much! I was able to spend $50 on new workout pants and bras. I took my boyfriend out for a drink on Easter Sunday. I even bought myself a Starbucks.

And here I am, sitting on $52.81 for the rest of the week!  THIS FEELS AMAZING! Just those changes made a massive difference! I actually kept what I put aside in my savings account (I officially have $405 now). And I don’t need to spend that whole $52.81. I know I can make some of the veggies from last week go into meals this week and I have lots of deli meat, eggs, and bacon left. So I plan to grocery shop for what I need for the week and if I have any money remaining, it’s going into that savings account... and then I’m going to do the same thing this next paycheck. Hooray for SAVINGS!!!!!