My Suicide Note.
 

I don’t feel as if I need to really explain much; you knew I was suffering. 

Admittedly or not; you knew. 

And you can say I’m selfish.

And you can say that I’m a coward. 

And you can say that I couldn’t have been helped.

And you can say that this mindset was a choice.

And that you don’t understand.

And that you didn’t expect this. 

And that you wish things were different.

And that you’re hurting. 

But you’ll be okay. 

And I’m not selfish. 

And I’m not a coward. 

And you’re right, maybe I could’ve been saved; but I wasn’t. 

Someone once told me that I wasn’t broken, that I just needed someone to choose me. To love me. 

And that’s more than true. 

How can I feel secure and purposeful and worthy when my own parents didn’t want to be in my life? 

Everyone that matters sees this light in me; including my parents. 

That I’m special. 

I am luminous. 

I am warm.

I am beautiful.

I am talented. 

I am smart. 

I am magnetic.

I am powerful. 

But at the end of the day, they choose to remove themselves. To enjoy my presence like an heirloom in the back of the hutch. 

Only ever touched for your own gain, your own pleasure, 

Just so show that you have me. 

But my beauty, my accomplishments—those are all mine. 

And I was left alone nonetheless at the end of each day, each week, each month. 

Beautiful they say, precious even. 

Kept safe. Appreciated. 

Used when deemed appropriate. 

Treated with care, sure, for the most part—  

When treated at all. 

Packed away. 

And it’s fine that you guys couldn’t be bothered much.

I tried to give myself meaning. 

To feel loved without touch. 

But when the only touch I can remember is that of those who have only ever hurt me, 

And my voice muted 

My pain overlooked

My cracks sanded over, but never filled

What could really be expected?

My mother HURT ME. 

She hurt some of you. 

She hurt herself. 

And the elephant in the room is that we’re all fucked up because of it. 

IM fucked up because of it. 

I remember. 

I remember.

I remember. 

I FUCKING REMEMBER. 

I wish you’d let me talk about it.

I wish you would’ve be angry with me for hurting.

I wish that crying was acceptable and not a sign of weakness in our home. 

I wish that I was never told that I was the downfall of our family. 

Because I wasn’t. 

And news flash: my mother wasn’t either. 

WHAT HAPPENED to her was. 

And I wasn’t alive yet. I don’t know what happened to her. 

But something did. And YOU know. 

So please, on my literal dead body, fucking talk about it. 

Let this be a lesson. Not about how you treated me, because that’s not what I’m getting at. This ain’t about me. 

Let this be a lesson about truth. About honesty. 

Talk about your traumas. 

I made my own decision, I did. 

Talk so each other. 

Please. 

I tried. 

I tried to take the broken pieces, the wholesome ones, the dark, and light, the beautiful, the confusing, the questionable, the hurtful, and loving, the wrong and the right pieces and to make something of myself. 

I tried to create something with what I had.

To play the cards I was dealt… 

but Rayvaun if anyone knows I’m awful at card games (did I just joke in my suicide note? yeah I think I did). 

Maybe you guys will be able to use this as a card in your hand, or a piece to your puzzle, 

but the game didn’t make sense to me; the pieces just didn’t fit. 

So I folded. 

I’m not sorry for what I did, unfortunately. 

I think this is what I needed and what you guys needed too; you’ll see. 

God sent me here to teach a lesson. 

About truth. 

About pain. 

About compassion. 

About how time doesn’t stop. 

Or something, I don’t know. 

I don’t have much else to say. 

I hope that when it’s dark out, you feel me in the chill of the wind

That when it’s sunny, you can see me and feel my warmth on your skin 

When the ocean comes and goes, you imagine my curls in the air… free, unapologetic. 

I wish that Kevin could know how much I love him. 

Please take care of him. 

He’s an angel. Truly. 

Here’s to best chances 

At peace 

At closure 

At warmth

At forgiveness 

Cause when your new eyes meet mine, you won’t see

No lies 

Just love 

Like snow 

Like gold

I will be pure. 

✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨