I'm so tired of always being anxious about everything
While I've never been officially diagnosed with any kind of disorders (I've never gone to get checked) I've always felt socially anxious or just anxious in general. When I was younger I was too afraid to talk to most people and I was so afraid of getting out of my comfort zone.

Now that I'm older I've gotten better in some ways but I still feel anxious. For example, since I work in retail, I used to feel really weird making eye contact with people and I didn't talk as much.

Now I talk a little bit more but I'm still pretty quiet. As for the eye contact, I always try to be as alert as possible when I'm around crowds and I have this weird tick now. Whenever I make eye contact with most people, I just nod my head. I mean it sounds normal but it seems strange somehow. Two co-workers even teased me about it once.

I even used to feel embarrassed by getting in people's way and so I had a hard time bringing attention to it. It may have come off as rude then, I'm not sure. I had anxiety about that too. Nowadays I don't have as much trouble with that, because I always try to suppress that embarrassment.

I even get anxiety over actual tasks like driving or the work I do at my job sometimes. I've developed mechanisms that border on obsessive, or maybe they are obsessive. An example would be checking my work schedule every few hours and every time I get off of work. I would read the hours I worked that day or the next over and over again. I would do it several sets of three in my head.

Stuff like this has really been bothering me for months and I want it all to stop, or at least be minimized. I know I should probably go see some professional help but in the most ironic twist, I have anxiety over that too. Besides I'm not sure if insurance will cover it and I can't afford it out of pocket.

Lately though, I've been noticing something else about myself. I think it bothers me as well, but I'm not sure if I'll post that here. I think this post is long enough. Maybe I'll save it for another one.