How do you deal with performance reviews and goal setting when you no longer care about your job?
I am going in for my annual goal setting and performance review this week with my line manager. 


I’ve been at this company for about 2.5 years, but my heart has never been in it. I took the job for the money. I moved from client-side back to consulting.


Though I’ve been looking for a new role elsewhere since I started the job, (and gotten a few offers over this duration), I liked my coworkers and wanted to give it an honest try.  TBH, it wasn’t going so badly. 


Then at the start of 2019, there was a leadership change both at CEO level, and Regional Director (RD) for my geography.  It’s been a massive cultural shift, especially in our region where the new RD was brought in from a competitor with a very different business approach.  It’s a very poor cultural alignment. 


Now there is lots of alienation among the existing leadership cohort as new RD brings in his team from his past company. Of course these new joiners all have a similar cultural approach.  It’s getting pretty toxic all around as several of us know we are being setup to exit the business. 


I’m not immune.  My role is being redefined under this new regime. RD no longer wants me in a region-wide team leadership and oversight role, he just wants me to focus on my city, hands on with projects. It’s great that I won’t have to travel so much, but it feels like a demotion, not the next step to long term success.


HQ (on another continent) loves my work so far and has offered me additional equity in the company. I have great support back there and my overall salary situation is fantastic. As the new RD seems to be pushing me out the door, the award of equity feels like a mind-f**k.


I’m eager to move on, but golden handcuffs are tough to shake off.  I need to do the best I can where I am at until I find another landing spot. 


So what to say in the goal setting?  I’m totally unengaged, disinterested, and resentful. 


I know playing it too candidly isn’t the right thing, even though my line manager is equally disaffected by the organisational transformation that surrounds us. 


Any suggestions on how to do this dance would be appreciated. My emotions are getting in the way and clouding my judgement.