Not expecting much from here. Even the crisis hotline counselor was speechless
I just need to vent.

I'm a single gay man in my late 30's. Seen multiple mental health professionals over the years. Been there, done that. Have a couple of college degrees. I don't drink or do drugs.

I always prided myself with employment yet struggled to find meaningful employment. I found myself working with autistic children and public service which I liked, but it's not a stable job. I had a period of unemployment a few years back and did something stupid things that led to a criminal investigation (not important what). Realizing that my career working with kids and in government was over, I quickly landed a job in corporate America.

Then I was charged and after a lengthy discussions between my lawyer and the DA, I got five years probation and two suspended sentence. I was doing well despite being a felon because no one knew - my job, my neighbors, my family. A year into probation, I got violated for having a bullet. Ironically, I had purchased a gun in case I was facing serious time. So I went to prison for two years. It was awful. There was nothing rehabilitative about it. While everyone talked about getting high once they got out, I talked about getting a job.

I was released early and sent to a halfway house in the hood. I found an accounting job at a small business that did not do a background check. A year later, it went out of business. I said "fuck it" and started applying for those high-paying corporate jobs and would try to beat a background check. It worked. I landed the highest-paying job I ever got. With health insurance too. It was a lot of work, but worth it.

Lately I had been feeling suicidal. Burned out. Anxious. Overwhelmed. The one thing that kept me going was my job. It took up most of my time and gave me financial peace (which is underrated).

Then I got fired today.

Not sure what happened, but three months into the job and passing my background check, they fired me for lying. It's beyond me how they found out. I think a co-worker found out and dropped a dime on me. I was a good worker. I left feeling ashamed, degraded, defeated, etc. I can't do this again. It's not like there was good jobs for a middle-age felon. That's a lie. Been through all the social services designed to help people like me and they didn't and couldn't help. It had to be up to me.

To keep on trying to make it is senseless. It's insanity.

I called a crisis hotline and laid it all onto the counselor. He was speechless and all he could say is how it must be tough and offered to call me in a few days. I wasn't expecting anything.

I think he understood. Killing myself is the only thing that has made sense to me in years.

I've been keeping it all in me for so long and it feel like a relief. I thought about killing myself only after my mom dies, but truth be told I have been and am in too much pain and it's not fair to me. I'd rather die and leave my savings to her. I feel bad for anyone that feels like they let me down or could have done something (they couldn't or wouldn't).

There is this part of me that fears death less. What I fear is my future. At least death is inevitable.

Again, not expecting anything life changing on here. The next few days will be brutal. I have crossed a point of no return today.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I spent the better part of the weekend getting high off my ass, binge eating and sleeping. I looked in the mirror and look like shit. My apartment is a wreck. I thought to myself what my next step is and all of them were "tying" up loose ends. It's just too complicated, high-risk low-reward, expensive, much pressure, etc. to move on with life. It takes up too much of my life and I was already dealing with too much and I don't have the energy to do it anymore. People like me who choose life under these circumstances end up going back to prison and/or on the streets. I'd rather die.