A dumb (but useful!) little anxiety trick.
Tl;dr I have a method for remembering that I did something, so I won’t be worrying all day about whether or not I did it, and worrying about the consequences of forgetting to have done it.


Ok so sometimes before work I use my hair straightener. I’m usually in a rush and have to unplug it before I go on my way, of course. But sometimes more often than not I’d be at work freaking out that I *forgot* to unplug it, freaking out that my house was currently burnt to bits, a pile of ash and debris on my lawn.

So I end up texting my mother (who I live with) asking her to please check that I unplugged it. The thing is, more often than not, I did. In fact I almost always do, and if I don’t, *it shuts off automatically anyway*. Yet I still find myself at work stricken with anxiety, wondering if I unplugged my hair straightener.

It’s an outlandish thing to be so worried about, considering I usually unplug it and it shuts off itself anyway, but my google search is still filled with “chances of my house burning down from hair straightener” “how long do automatic shut-off hair straighteners stay on” “hair straightener fire”... it’s not good.

Then recently I decided I needed something to remind me, concretely, that I did unplug it in the mornings when I do. So this is going to sound kind of silly or stupid, but now in the mornings when I unplug it I say, out loud, “I am unplugging my hair straightener”.

I don’t know why it works. Maybe because I say it out loud and hear it back to me and that reassures me. Maybe it’s because it’s a strange action (saying what you’re doing out loud to nobody) that makes me remember that I did it. I have no idea, but once I started doing this I no longer doubt whether I unplugged my hair straightener, the memory sticks in my mind and I can relax.

So I thought I would inform the people on r/anxiety about it to see if they do anything similar, or could maybe benefit from this. Perhaps this would fall under more of an OCD thing but I’ve only ever been prescribed with anxiety so I’m not sure that would apply. But yeah, hope you enjoyed reading about my insanity.