Anxiety/depression and returning to work after COVID lay-off
Need advice on dealing with my mental health and my job

Here is a little background on my situation. I was diagnosed with depression 5 years ago, have been on meds since. Throughout this time, I’ve always had a full time job, although in the last 2 years, switched around a few times to different companies (all in the retail sector).

Before covid, I was having a really hard time at my workplace. It was a very toxic environment and I was looking for new opportunities, working with a psychotherapist to manage my anxiety and issues, and making a little bit of progress. 

Then covid arrived, and I was temporarily laid off for the past 8 weeks. I applied for gov assistance (I live in Canada and it’s very helpful!). Within the first few weeks, I immediately noticed I was the happiest i had been in months, and working with my psychotherapist, attributed this to not being in the toxic work environment everyday. 

Fast forward to Friday of last week when I got the heads up that I’ll be going back to work this week. I have had the worst, most depressed, anxious weekend. I’ve had two panic attacks, crying/sobbing fits and my mind has been in another place, I can barely enjoy or think about anything else. 

There’s two main concerns of mine: one of course is going back to work during covid, nervous about the precautions and changes we need to make, my health and safety etc. But the other is going back into the environment that made me so miserable just a few months ago. I had issues prior to covid, but I feel as though the will be masked into just being “covid anxiety”. 

I can’t quit my job- 1. I need the financial support and 2. I do not want my mental health to result in me losing my job. I have been looking into short term disability leave, but again, I feel like they will assume I just have covid anxiety and it will be a fight to “prove” I had issues before this. 

If you guys have advice on how I should go about my situation, I would really appreciate it! Having crippling anxiety is the worst thing, I wouldn’t wish it upon my worst enemy. I am supposed to return tomorrow (Wednesday) so any suggestions will be really helpful! 

Also thanks for reading this long post :)