Am I selfish? What can I do to make things better? (Long post) (Trigger warning?)
About a year ago my parents got into a nasty divorce (I’m talking about the whole fighting over custody of my little sister, making eachother bankrupt, and dating ex’s type of stuff) so in order to get some income for me(19F),my mom, and sibling I got a job. As time went on I wasn’t doing well in my classes and stoped showing up to Lectures. My job got terrible and the boss gave no shits about how the work environment was. About 6 months after the divorce my parents made up and got back together. I wanted to be happy about it but It was still tough for me. I felt like I had no where to go and I felt I needed to work to be useful, my classes were going awful cause I never showed up, and I lost interest in all my hobbies. (I had planned a couple a days during this time when I was going to overdose but I couldn’t bring myself to do it) Eventually my parents noticed my health state and decided it was time for me to leave my job. 3 weeks after quitting I have got back into my Art (this is my career choice my major is Graphic Design) and started joining art shows. My parents support my art but they are now saying they didn’t want me to quit my job because I do nothing around the house and sleep all day. Since quitting my job I have done more in the few weeks for my career than I have done in the whole year, I have been going to my classes again, and when I can I clean the house and make food for the family (It May not be spotless cleaning but it is enough to make the house look nice) I tried telling my mom and she felt betrayed that I didn’t tell her I was having problems with school and stuff before I quit my job and she is mad at me for not saying anything. I don’t know if I should tell my mom how messed up my mental state is right now and how it has been because she will feel betrayed but I don’t want to disappoint them either. Are there any tips on how I can motivate myself to do more and be more useful rahter than doing the stuff that just helps me? Should I go back to work to be useful again