Should I tell people I was "laid off" or that I "transitioned out?"
Based in the US.

Question (background to follow):

Should I talk openly with people about being laid off, or should I use the phrase "transitioned out?"

I want to protect myself from being seen as either incompetent or bitter.  I wasn't fired, but I understand that some people hear "laid off" as "fired."  I want people to know that I am good at my job but didn't leave on my own accord (I'm still working through my emotions concerning the lay off).  I also don't want to come off as petty by wanting people to know that it wasn't my decision to be "transitioned out."  

I'm thinking of using the phrase "transitioned out" with everyone, and when asked 'why' responding with "I was laid off because the company didn't have the capacity to keep me on staff. However, I continued to work with them as an independent contractor for a few months during the transition."  I feel like that paints me in a good light while being honest, but would love to hear people's thoughts.

&#x200B;

Background:

At the end of 2018, I was given a different position, had my hours cut by about 85%, and moved from W2 to 1099.  None of this was a surprise as I knew there was a transition coming months previous.

Early this year I told my boss that I wasn't interested in the current position and would like to stay on with the company (we'll call them Company 1) if I could be doing something similar to the position I had previously.  I was told they "didn't have the capacity to keep me on" in that role and that they had given it to someone else (fresh out of college; I'm middle age). I told them I'd give them a month to find someone to replace my current role because it wasn't what I was hired for, didn't feel particularly good at it, and didn't enjoy it.  Boss told me he was sorry to see me go. I've since done some work with them as an independent contractor, as well as donated my time answering a couple of questions concerning my past role via phone calls and emails from people both in and out of Company 1.

My old employer used the term "transitioned out" in company emails to describe my leaving and wrote it in a way that made it sound like I had left for a position in another company (we'll call them Company B).  This bothered me as I had been working part-time for both companies for a few years and my work load at Company B didn't change at all after being laid off from Company 1.  Completely independent part-time jobs.

I went to Unemployment to see if I would qualify for anything.  I told them what happened and they said, "OK, so you were laid off from Company 1." Honestly, that's the first time I had thought of it that way.  I thought I had simply left, but I realized that I would still be working for Company 1 if it had been my choice. My old boss hadn't thought of it that way either, but did confirm with Unemployment that I had been laid off (which qualified me for a year of unemployment that I haven't had to use because I've been busy independently). I've since been telling myself and close friends that I was laid off from Company 1, but I don't know how to talk about it informally to other people, or professionally to others in the industry.

Thoughts?