Saw a doctor and got a prescription for $14, no insurance.
I wanted to share this just in case anyone is in the same boat as me, with insurance being unaffordable through work.

I started having symptoms of a bladder infection, and didn’t want to go to the ER and have another huge debt I can’t pay. Was looking up possible home remedies and stumbled onto the app called K Health. Looked up reviews, and saw it was mentioned in some legit publications back when it was apparently just a symptom checker. After making sure no one was labeling it as a scam online, I decided I could risk the $14 to try to talk to a doctor on the app, and worst case I could still go to the ER.

It was 100% worth it. Was connected to a doctor within 10 minutes, and the chat was pretty quick too. We went over all of my symptoms, and the doctor asked about several other symptoms to make sure all bases were covered. He was confident enough in the symptoms to start treatment without a urinalysis, but offered to order labs if I wanted them. I opted to not do labs, so he sent a prescription to the pharmacy of my choice. I called the pharmacy to be extra sure they got it and I wasn’t just scammed, and they did receive the prescription. 

I also downloaded the GoodRX app that a pharm tech told me about the last time I had to get an expensive prescription. Got a coupon for the antibiotic. It was around $56 before the coupon, and is $10.78 with the coupon.

So in the end I paid $24.78 total to speak to a doctor and get a prescription, And aside from going to pick up my prescription soon, and frequent bathroom visits for my broken bladder, I haven’t even left my bed all morning. Amazing. I highly recommend both of these apps if you need medications, but can’t afford to visit your doctor. Or even if your copay for your insurance is more than the $14 fee this app charges. 

Tl;dr: You can talk to a doctor on the K Health app for $14 no matter if you do or don’t have insurance. Also, GoodRX is wicked awesome for huge discounts for medications. Just show the coupon it gives you at the pharmacy.