What kind of jobs can you do from home, not having to interact with people, that pay at least $50,000 a year?
I asked this in the jobs subreddit, and the mod removed it saying “No soliciting”, even though I’m not trying to sell anything, so, I guess I’ll post this here, since it’s essentially the same thing (career=job).

And preferably not require 8 hours a day, or 40 hours a week, but I wouldn’t be unwilling to spend that much time since the benefit would be getting to be at home by myself.

Disclaimer, I’m 24, but a social anomaly, and my family’s abuse and being financially unable to support myself makes me socially withdrawal even more.

I’m kind of relieved school has been moved online (because of the pandemic that mentioning gets people banned and demonetized in the case of YouTubers) because socially, I was getting nowhere.

I’m a college freshman at 24 years old, who sucks at driving (recently failed the test) and completely dependent on my parents to not be homeless. 

I couldn’t even get the pills I require to function on a basic level if it weren’t for being on my parent’s health insurance (I live in the United States, no Universal Healthcare here), which I will be legally forced off when I turn 26. If I lost access I could literally end up another crazy homeless person, and no offense to anyone (I know some really are just down on their luck) but I would rather kill myself than be homeless (also because I’ve already been abused and miserable my whole life)

I suffer from OCD, ADD, and more recently, severe anxiety, depression, and until my psychiatrist added another medication, near-violent rage (I can’t function at all without medication, and I’m still not a functional adult).

I hate my job, but I am very grateful to have it (especially throughout the whole pandemic, because many people have lost their jobs) and virtually always go in, no matter how bad I feel, because I know that being unemployed is 100x worse.

I literally just bag groceries, get grocery carts from a parking lot, and restock returned items. Sad part is, I started in a regular department, where I was even initially told that I was doing good, then that quickly turned into me being “too slow” and “missing too many details”.

I do not want any handouts, even if I am legally entitled, I’m already ashamed enough, and relying on others to survive is a TERRIBLE feeling, the fact that I rely on my own parents makes it somewhat more bearable, but I still get let know that I’m “past my time”, sure, I contribute to some things, but that’s such a small percentage of full living costs, my parents work very hard (I know life is hard, one of my biggest mistakes was growing up believing life was easy and just happened by itself).

I had internet friends, but withdrew myself because it felt pointless talking to people I’d never see. I also swore off LDRs, because I’d never get to see any of those girls/women in real life, even if I could, I can’t afford actual living costs, and even if she’s one of those women who takes care of her man (nothing wrong with that if it’s ok for a man to take care of a woman) I don’t want my livelihood dependent on anybody but myself.

If I have a girlfriend and we break up, I at least shouldn’t have to worry about being broke or homeless.

I’m willing to work, but it eats me up inside everyday, doing a job that nobody actually needs done (or at least takes virtually no skill to do whatsoever), having people treating me like I’m slow (stop calling me buddy unless you’re Canadian!) automatically seeing my job position, and feeling unworthy of any social interaction, if I befriended anyone, it wouldn’t be long before the questions start about my lifestyle, and I will be judged, negatively.

I have too many mental issues, emotional, even physical (some may or may not be caused from medication), and now I’m plagued with insecurity, and despite desperately wanting to break dependence on my family, lack of motivation to do anything.

OK, I do have motivation and interests, they’re just not very strong or consistent, nothing is really THAT INTERESTING, if it is, the interest won’t last long, until it’s just another memory that’s no longer associated with pleasure.

Other reasons working from home would be nice, more dependent on myself (well, if I’m self-employed, which would be true financial freedom, or at least as close to possible as it), less forced socializing means more energy, less anxiety (I’ve literally resisted a panic attack to run out of the building, although that was the first day of a job, and it was better as soon as the second day, although it was seasonal and they let me go after the season), and hell, this whole pandemic is reason enough to work from home if possible. 

I was never meant to be a social extrovert, if I can have any social and/or dating life, I don’t want it to be too much. 

It’s hard to feel any worth or value from doing work that you don’t feel purpose from, especially when you have nothing else, or nobody else, to live for outside of a job. 

Even if I don’t have to be a complete social hermit (I’ve come so close to becoming a complete misanthropist due to how I’m treated, and resisted falling into the cult of inceldom and misogyny, when I manage to avoid hatred, my perspective just leaves me with confusion) it’d still be nice to be able to work from home, and make not driving even easier (that’s caused so many issues for me, and I’ve spent so much on Uber and now risking catch the you know what, and some mentally unstable guy almost drove into incoming traffic with me as a rider!)

*Sigh*

Even when I’m told how much I’m appreciated and how good a job I do, I feel like worthless garbage, because that’s not a real accomplishment for somebody my age, I should have a REAL ADULT JOB and be living on my own, supporting myself.

I’m not worried about supporting a family (why the hell would I want to create kids against their will who could suffer just like I have? That’s assuming any woman even wanted to do that with me) but feel I need to make a lot of money just for myself, for freedom, because true freedom only exists with a lot of money. I’ve never felt free, yet my family claims that “Democrat socialists” will take our freedom away, especially because “socialism is the first step leading to communism”. 

Well ONE, I think America needs a better social safety net and PROGRESSION (we should strive to be like Denmark, the happiest nation on Earth, me may have a much bigger country, but we also have more wealth to cover it) and TWO, I’ve never felt freedom anyway.

The closest I ever got to freedom almost left me homeless, that hurt my sense of competence even more. Being told I’m stupid for trying doesn’t feel like freedom, and being stranded from running out of savings certainly doesn’t feel like freedom.

I was told to try and change my situation if I was so miserable, and when I tried just that, my family told me how wrong it was and that I needed to go back to sitting at home, and I ran out of savings from motel rooms and applying to basic jobs, ending up staying with other family and relying on government assistance just to eat!

I WANT MY OWN LIFE! AND I WANT TO PROVIDE IT FOR MYSELF! 

I am so different than most people, and it’s only getting worse....