I think my boyfriend has a crush and it bothers me.
So I have been with my boyfriend about a year now and I've become increasingly uncomfortable with one of his sister's friends. Now I have nothing against her personally but I have the feeling my boyfriend has a crush on her. Now him having a crush wouldn't be a problem if it was a celebrity, not someone he knows in real life. He tries to deny it but I don't believe him. I tried bringing it up again today and he said "what if I did? Would you be upset?" Then he saw me getting upset and saying I'm the one who he should love. He says he loves me and that he doesn't have a crush on her, that he was speaking hypothetically. He said over and over that he doesn't have a thing for her. 


He's a friendly guy and he was upfront about the friendliness before we were together,  but hes always giggly around her. Like sometimes I just want to hide myself and be preoccupied on my phone because I can't stand it. Went to a yard sale yesterday where things were given away for free. He found a half dry erase/bulletin board he said he wanted for his room.. then later on he decides to give it to his sister, who supposedly doesn't want it and he gave it to the friend instead. Went to Dollar Tree and one of the things he buys is dry erase markers he gave to her.. he didn't buy me anything. His parents also said they heard him ranting outside about what I told him and said it was sad that I don't trust him and that he comes home to me. I have suspected for a while that he's been into her. He said in the past he was interested in her because she likes the music he likes, but that he didn't pursue her because it was his sister's friend. 

It's not even just the way he acts around her, it's social media too. He's always "hearting" or "liking " her photos even when I've told him the hearts bother me. He did it as recently as last night. He says this is how he is showing support to others, especially as she is a fitness guru. 

Now please before I suspect that I'll be told I'm being possessive,  insecure etc.. understand where I'm coming from. I'm very outspoken and don't hide how I feel. I pay attention and I'm just not sure how to not let this bother me. Am I looking into this too much? I know bringing it up again will annoy him.