Got let go from my “Temporary” job before going off to college. Didn’t know about it until I can back from a two-week vacation. They’ve lost my check and am unsure of how to respond since I won’t be here to collect it.
I left out a lot of details that were not as important and this is still pretty long sorry about that but I just really want some good advice on handling this.

I got hired to work in an office as the two owners really needed help because they were understaffed. I told them that I would be willing to work until mid-August since I would be leaving to go to school, this was back in April. I made sure to mention early on that I wanted to take a two-week vacation in July, which was approved and worked up until the start of my vacation everything was fine.

Fast-forward to the end of my two-week vacation, I text my boss, owner 1, and say that I made it back okay and that I’m ready to continue working. 

He responds to me a day later stating,
”Hey man, hope your vacation went well. So here's an update on things we have hired two more employees, so we are covered with regular staff. Your last check is here which you can pick up during normal office hours. Also, we may need help here in the office on the weekends (busiest time of the week) and if that is the case we will reach out to you and check your availability.”

The thing about maybe needing extra help was basically fluff to make them seem like they weren’t putting me in rough spot by letting me go a month earlier than we had agreed on, but such is life, right?

I didn’t respond to this text because I was equal parts embarrassed and upset at the reality of my being let go. I was never given any indication that they didn't want me or that I was messing something up for them and the office. Also something about getting let go through text made me really upset and I find it somewhat demeaning. 

As well as not responding, I never went to pick up my check until yesterday. When I got there, the only person in the office was one of the new employees and despite his best efforts, had no luck finding my check. He texted the owner 2 and he told the new employee to tell me to come back tomorrow in the afternoon to pick up my check.

Which bring me to today. As I was about to leave my house to go to the office again I got a text from the owner 2 saying,
”I looked for your check in the office but owner 1 placed it somewhere and I couldn't find it. He's on vacation until next week but I'll try to get ahold of him again to double-check on where it is. Thanks and sorry about that.”

Honestly, along with being taken aback by the what happened with my previous employer, I'm left not knowing how to respond to any of this as it's the first time I have been fired/let go/laid off (whichever is most appropriate) and I have has other jobs before this one. 

I would really appreciate any and all advice on how to deal with this. 

Thanks again.