my method for sleeping with anxiety
It's no joke. This sub lights up like a Christmas tree at night. With some forms of anxiety, trying to fall asleep is the absolute worst. I've been battling it for many years and I think I have found one way that works for me.

Staying busy (mentally) is the best way to keep anxiety at bay so when we stay busy physically, we can manage. At night, the "busy" goes away, so our brains start churning. These thoughts lead to physical changes in our bodies that make us feel like total shit and make it hard to sleep.  i.e. increased heart rate, tension grinding, stomach pain...etc. 

We can't control the physical stuff so we have to start with the mental stuff. You have to learn to manage your thoughts. Sounds impossible, right? It's possible with practice. Here is what I do. 

You HAVE to avoid anything personal to you. I imagine a giant house. Imagine entering this house. The first floor is a long hallway full of doors. Behind each door is all the stuff you can think about that has no personal attachment to you. Television shows you watch, movies, word games, number games (stay away from music because it tends to cause memory recall to something personal) 

The trick is to STAY ON THE FIRST FLOOR. 

The second floor is anything personal to you. Friends, family, job, school, tasks, money. All these things can trigger anxiety, regret, stress. If you catch yourself thinking about something on the second floor. Back out immediately. 

The basement is the dark place. All your worst fears. Avoid at all cost. 

As for thoughts that are not personal. You will find tricks that work for you. Some things I do...

Take my favorite movie and put myself in it. I imagine myself in all the situations with all the characters and what I would say with them. Same for favorite tv shows. What would I say to each and every character if I had the chance? 

Word games. I try to come up with every word that is two letters only. I come up with words made from another word. Stupid things like that. 

Eventually, you fall asleep. 

I understand this whole thing sounds ridiculous and crazy but the trick is to not touch on anything personal to you. To control your thoughts so you can control the physical reaction to those thoughts. Try it and let me know if it works for you.