How to address being taken advantage of at work?
I've been the night supervisor at this company for little over two years now averaging 38 hours a week working from 6pm-6:30am three days a week back to back. During my work I am the only person in the building. When I was hired I was told I would only have to do Five things and Five things only but now my list of nightly duties has increased to well over twenty things because people quit and management fired others and didn't bother to hire people to replace them. There hasn't been a single week I've worked there where we weren't understaffed. Also keep in mind these task they have me do take at least a hour to do one of which must be done every hour on the hour or els it wont get done. When I am unable to finish the task management talk down to me like I'm a kid who just wrote on the walls, saying oh you should have told us you cant finish it and I just stare at them like you know I cant finish all this by myself. Now to the recent stuff because of the Covid-19 pandemic the government issued grants to businesses to pay their employees since companies would take a financial hit, so now because of this grant even if the employee doesn't work they would be getting paid well for two week that how I was getting paid without having to work it was like a paid vacation but now a coworker quit because management has become even more insufferable and they gilt tripped me into working now the hours they have me working is clocking in at two hours more than my normal hours and I figured I would be getting paid extra since I'm not working my normal hours, and I'm working when I legally and morally don't have an obligation to do so since they received free money from the government to pay me they don't lose me as an employee by me finding another job during this pandemic. Also in case this matter I make only a $1.50 more than minimum wage and this company could easily afford to increase wages for all employee also they offer no benefits what so ever which really could be of use considering risk of injury at this job is high an if the injury calls for medical attention which most cases it does they send you to the free clinic that is a mile away with their personal credit card.How do I go about this? What do I do? I honestly need help. I don't have the financial security to quit. Any help will be appreciated.