Things that helped me manage my anxiety, maybe this can help you too
I am taking Lexapro and doing therapy, but I also made a lot of lifestyle changes have made a huge difference, so I wanted to share my list. 

1. I went completely caffeine free. It's been about a month. I also was having headaches and issues with my blood pressure, both of which are better. I didn't think I'd be able to do this (was having 3 to 4 cups of strong coffee and 1-2 sodas per day) but I feel so much better off it. I drink a lot of decaf tea and water. The first week was rough (headaches!) but I powered through and stuck with it. 

2. I stopped going on Facebook altogether. The whole "comparison" crap and drama, don't need it.

3. I don't watch the TV news. Ever.

4. I am not overweight, but I started exercising. My therapist told me this is a great treatment for anxiety and he was right. I just do power walk videos on You Tube, nothing fancy.

5. I eat breakfast every day now (was not doing this before) and started eating more fruits and vegetables.

6. My therapist told me to do more things that I enjoy. So with all the time I have since I'm not on Facebook so much, I am reading books. Light fiction, nothing that stresses me out. I also have been trying to do some of those adult coloring books, but sometimes I get anxious about what colors to use or if my picture will looks good (ridiculous, I know), so that's a process.

7. I have the Headspace app and do some mindfulness. This is really challenging for someone with anxiety I think. Sometimes you don't want to be inside your head too much. But I have found the Managing Anxiety series to be really helpful, with the noting strategies and just acknowledging the anxious thoughts without judging them or trying to run away from them.

8. My therapist also told me to do things that build confidence. So I try to focus on things I'm good at, because baking a delicious cake or doing a good job at my work does help me feel better about myself.

9. I can't say enough good things about therapy and my counselor. This is the first time in my life (I'm 40) that I have taken this step and it is incredibly helpful. If you're struggling with anxiety, think about it. I started with my employer's EAP (employee assistance program) which offered 3 free sessions, and then moved on to a "real" counselor because it was so helpful. Look into if your work has this as an option, it's free! 


Recognize that anxiety management is a process, and not just a switch we can turn off. My instinct previously was to try to run away from it. I hated it and I was mad at it. But now I understand that it's part of who I am, I have to accept that and I have to learn how to manage it. Hang in there, friends. You got this.

Edit: thank you for all the kind comments, and for the gold ❤️