The giant collections account was finally removed from my credit report
I just needed to share this somewhere. I have (or had!!) a collections account for $2000. Basically what happened was, about three/four years ago my very abusive ex went to jail and I was able to escape the apartment I was in. It was a month to month lease so I went to the property management, explained the entire situation, explained that in his fits of rage he had absolutely destroyed the unit by ripping off doors/punching holes in the way. They said as long as I left the unit within a few days and was agreeing to forfeit my deposit, they wouldn’t hold me liable for the damages. 

Out of sight out of mind. Except a year later I got a phone call from a collections company stating they sent me to collections. I don’t know why they went after me other than money is money and I’m likely easier to find considering the ex is in and out of jail and doesn’t work whereas I’ve been in the same general area for years and worked the entire time. It was for $2000. I got freaked out when they called and hung up to avoid admitting the debt was mine. 

The only thing holding back my credit score was this fucking collections account. I make every single payment on time, keep my utilization low, and pay the full balance on time every month. But having a huge collections account is obviously horrible for your score. Two of the credit bureaus didn’t recognize that I had an account in collections but my experian score still did. 

I disputed it once before and was denied. I didn’t want to start making payments on it but I didn’t want it to just sit there. I didn’t really have enough money sitting around in full until very recently but I was still hesitant even paying it. A month ago, I tried disputing it again.

I got an email from experian this morning. Deleted from my report. The dispute fucking worked!!! My score went up this morning!! 

A huge weight off my shoulders done. I start my new job today too. It’s a great fucking day.