I like her so much but I feel like shit
Potentially relevant facts: I'm 16 years old, I'm male, I live in Sweden, I've never been in a relationship. She's 16 years old, she's female, she lives in Sweden, she has been in one relationship.

I'm extremely into a girl. I've liked her since October and hanged out with her since January. I value every second I'm with her. Only two times have I hung out with her only. (+ Three times with her and a mutual friend.) The first time was a month ago, we watched Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and it was just generally a great night. 

Today was the second time we hung out only her and I. We had planned to have a West Wing marathon at my house. On valentines day I was messaging her and I said I didn't like valentines day (I immediately regretted it) and she asked why. I told her it was a boring story she didn't want to hear but she insisted she wanted me to tell her. 

(Basically it's: I liked a girl, she liked my friend, he liked her, I got them together, got depressed, they ended it, my other friend likes her, she liked him, they got together, I got depressed again, finally got over it.)

I told her that I'd tell that story during the West Wing marathon if she remembered to ask me. And she did. I didn't know what I was hoping for.

I told her the story, she told me it sounds like it was sad. She asked if I had liked anyone since. I wasn't prepared for the question but I didn't want to say no, I didn't want to say "Yes I like someone now." either so I just stumbled on my words. She probably didn't notice but I felt awkward and just kind of said "Mmmhmm, yeeeeah. I mean kind of. I-" Something like that. She said "Okay" as if she thought it was an odd response. I went on to ask her how it was to be with the guy she was with before. She told me they were more or less dating for 6 months but they were actually only together for one month. She ended it because all they did was make out (Maybe I'm just a soft idiot but I didn't want to hear that. It made my stomach tense and anxious.) and never really did anything. 

We talked a bit about relationships and she didn't really say she doesn't like anyone right now. She just said something like "Now I just-..." and she didnt end the sentence (of course I'm thinking way way way too much about this). I'm genuinely not sure what she meant. She also said that she didn't like if someone had a "Love speech", it should be more natural. 

Now, I've never been in a relationship, ever. Talking about this with a person whom I'm extremely interested in was hard. Even considering that she has made out with someone makes me feel bad. And that's no ones but my fault. 

I know this is how a lot of people feel but I'll repeat it because I need to. I wouldn't even consider being with someone but her. It would be unfair towards that person because then I'd like someone else more. She is extremely nice, she'd never intentionally be mean towards someone. I just can't disconnect myself from the feelings I have for her. I can't focus on anyone but her. It's tiring, it sucks and I want it to stop but it wont. I don't want to ruin our friendship because it's the only exciting thing that's happened to me for a very long time. 

But the stinger was for me this night that she said "It is now easier for me to tell someone that I like that I'm interested." I just feel like, if she was interested she would have said so. It's not her fault, it's my fault for getting to invested. However it is also too late now.

PLEASE just, comment on it or ANYTHING. I need someone to talk to.