Frustrated with friend
Hello! I’m a 14F. (and new to reddit!) I have a big issue in school that has been going on for about 2 years now with my friend. My friend (aka ‘C’) is a very shy and reserved person whilst I’m outgoing and confident, so we are very different. Since the summer of 2017, she has been getting clingier and clinger to me as I begin to talk to more and more people. I don’t usually have a problem with this, but it first turned into silence when I tried to involve her in a conversation (which I can understand if she’s nervous) to whenever I talk to someone that isn’t her, let alone look at them for more than 5 minutes, she gets angry and storms off looking like a tomato. 

There was an issue back in the summer (2017) when we met a girl who moved into our tutor, but it was the usual school drama - trying to act cool, etc. She was very involved in out friendship circle, but ever since she left, C has been a broken mess that only keeps going downhill as time flows by. At first, I tried being understanding, considering this is C that I am talking about, she might’ve told something private to the new girl. I patiently dealt with her mini temper tantrums for a good while, when eventually all of her wailing and crying turned into loads of messages every. day. I’m not actually very good with texting, so I’d try my hardest to type back, but, as bad as this makes me sound, it wasn’t fun or anything. It was just questions after questions, literally as if she typed up “how to have a conversation over text!” There was even a time when I actually picked up one of her hundreds of calls after school and when i tried actually talking to her, I would just get cut off by more weird questions like:
“What colour is your room?”
“How many sketchbooks do you have?” (I like drawing, so this isn’t too odd I suppose)
“Can you send me a picture of that?”

I know it sounds odd. It makes me feel really bad when I look back at it. But eventually I just stopped picking up or responding - they were boring and repetitive. Eventually, I met some more people. (who I now am very close with) When we talk, she just stands somewhere behind me and stays quiet, and when we try to include her, she just says “I’m fine.”

Recently, I’ve also had another one of my friends (M) try to turn on me by spreading rumours. (I’m likely to post about that later!) I can say I’ve dealt with that confidently, but C and M keep trying to make fun of me behind my back. M keeps trying to say snarky things whenever I say something and C just backbites and spams me with texts. Whenever C texts me now, I just immediately go angry. I’m being patient with them and continuing like normal, but I don’t know how I could make this stop or even just deal with this. I would really appreciate advice!