You ever just have everything going for you, but you fuck it all up?
Life was going well for me. High school was a breeze. I got into a good university for engineering. I had a great social life and an amazing girlfriend/bestfriend. 

I fucked it all up.

It began with me being lazy in university. I procrastinated many assignments to the point where I ended a quarter with 3 F's. I try to fix my grades by the end of the school year. Still have GPA above 2.0, so not kicked out yet. However, my FAFSA application was declined because of the poor performance. That was the only way I could afford classes as I did not want to go in debt.

I decide to do work and earn money. I got a job at McDonald's and, luckily, did not have to work in service, only production--which is great since I'm introverted. I work there for 6 months and decide to quit one day. Thought I'd be able to find a better paying job, but that proved to be more difficult than I imagined. 

That same year, I had relationship issues. Around the end of February of last year, I found out my gf had cheated. Though, it was explained that it had only been a day of her cheating and she had only kissed the guy. I decided to forgive her and continue. Fast forward to May 2018, she leaves me for the same guy and fucks him. I'm too in love, so I decide to give her another chance. 1 week later, I catch her sending nudes to the same guy. I forgive her again. 

December 2018. Same time I quit my job. I'm unemployed. 6 months since the last time my gf did anything (I had been with her for 3 years, this was the one year it was bad). I'm looking for jobs, but no one is interested. I'm struggling.

January 2019. 20-year-old Honda begins to die. I'm left without a car for a month. Girlfriend decides to leave me (To be clear, she meant the world to me. She was the only one close to me). I'm heartbroken. In a desperate attempt to save our relationship. I walk to her place, 10 miles away, a 4 hour walk. I promise everything...that everything would get better, and I would fix myself and our relationship. I'm rejected. I'm starting to lose it. 

I can't live in this world without her. She was the only one, the only reason I kept going. We talked of marriage and our future plans a lot. It was a set path, and just like that, it's gone. February 2019. The last time we talk.

I have no one to talk to. She was the only one I could talk to about my personal problems. I had no other close friends. My relationship with my family is almost nonexistent. I'm stuck with all this hurt, and have no way to let it all out. I begin to hang out with my friends online, and begin to hang out with them irl. I tell them about my break up. "That sucks," they say. That's all I get. I expected as much....

March 2019. Me and a few of my friends decide to get jobs at a warehouse. Pay is decent and job isn't that demanding. I could do this.

Since the break up, however, I haven't felt happy at all. I struggle sleeping. Any thought of her would just make me depressed. There's no escape from her. So many things remind me of her. I can't listen to my favorite music anymore because she enjoyed it. I break down one day and decide to message her. I explain that in sleepless and would like to talk to her in person. No response.

2 weeks after getting that warehouse job, I get fired. I hadn't shown up for 3 days without notice.

I'm a failure.

Same week, I learned that someone had stolen my identity back in 2012. I learned about this after doing taxes and stuff. IRS stated that I owed $4,000 from 2012. I was 11-years-old then. I didn't work. So I have that to deal with now. On top of that, I owe $2,000 for my car.

Recently, I've found out my ex has moved on to someone else. There goes my chances of ever fixing that again. To add, being with my ex allowed me to hang out with her group of friends whom I loved to hang out with. Since shes no longer with me, I'm no longer friends with them. They were a big part of my social life since sophomore year of high school.

So now, I'm a lonely, lazy, desperate, struggling failure that wants to end it all. I have a history of cutting. I cut so deep freshman year that I have huge scars on my left arm 5-6 years later. I almost committed suicide by stabbing myself, but I pussied out. After what happened to me and my ex in May 2018, I tried committing suicide again through overdose (unfortunately I lived and kept the attempt a secret from my friends and family).

I could have stayed in university if I had just done my homework. I could still have a wonderful girlfriend if i had fixed our problems sooner. I could be making money if I wasn't a quitter. I'm worthless. 

I've tried so hard no to think about suicide, but it seems to be the one thing I desire most now. I have nothing going for me. My relationship with other people isn't strong enough for me to stay. If I live, I'm only going to live in regret...wanting nothing more than to travel back in time and fix everything. I want to die so bad. I'm only 19, but I dont think I'm going to make it to 20.