A note, from me to me
  

Apologies in advance for how long this is. I’m not honestly not even entirely sure why I wanted to post this here. I suppose I need to say this somewhere that seems a bit more real than just my brain. Somewhere I can actually hear myself say it rather than just let it go on loop in my head, until all the words lose their meaning and the whole thing ends up drifting away from me like an empty boat aimed at some dark shadowy place out of sight. I’m just afraid that if I don’t really try to say this properly, then it’ll go to that place and this moment will be just one more thing I let float away from me. And I suppose this whole post will probably be as self-absorbed and over-described and rehashed as I’m worried it will sound. Probably even more than that. But I couldn’t give a shit anymore, because more than afraid of what I’m going to sound like, and how I’m coming across, and what people might think of me, more than any of that, I’m just tired. And I’m sad. And I want to get off this ride I’ve been taking myself on for way too long. And I know that probably sounds like a pretty ominous start to a post on a subreddit filled with some pretty ominous posts, but don’t worry, it’s not going to be like that. This ain’t gonna end with someone needing to call an ambulance. Not fucking today. 

But first, an intro.

If you ask me on any other day, I’ll say I see myself as a basically lump of a person. As a meat sack. I imagine myself sometimes as like a piece of soft and sagging flesh, like the human equivalent of that part under the arm that jiggles when you move. And my greatest fear is that I’m going to sit on this couch and waste until I eventually kill myself, or until the world moves on and I’m left sort of stuck here in my own pocket of time. And then I kill myself. And honestly, a lot of the time suicide seems like the best non-solution I’ve got. It’s the one I understand the most. Because where suicide is a small and easy full stop, the other option is something really long and complex and so impossible to understand from where I’m standing that it starts to looks as if there’s just no way it’s possible. That it’s basically beyond me. And this is where it gets really tricky, and this is the part that I need to say to myself. 

But, before I do. I need to stress that this is not at all meant as a comment on anyone else here. Y’all keep doing what you need to do to keep those chins right up high, and don’t let anyone tell you that you aren’t doing otherwise. Because I’m certain everyone here is doing absolutely everything they know how to do to be and get better. So don’t let this little rant of mine feel like another voice of criticism, this is really just a conversation between me and me, one that’s been a long time coming. But anyway. Back to rant.

From what I can see of myself, the real guilt and shame of it all is that there are definitely things I could be doing. Tricky, complex things sure, but still small and manageable things I can do every day that I’m simply not doing. That what feels to me like barely managing to stay afloat is actually surrendering one inch at a time. That what I’m really doing is buying into the depression paradox that I can’t unfuck myself because I’m already so fucked up that it’s going to be impossible to even try to fix it. That I can’t fix my own problems because I’m going to fold when it gets tough. And then, when I do fold, I’m going to cry and hate and blame myself for folding and then use the whole cry/hate/self-blame experience as fuel to beat myself up so bad that I can feel like justice has been served for giving up. That I’ll punish myself on behalf of the depression so it can trick me into feeling justified to say “Stop! Please! I’m already in so much pain, why are you making me do even one thing more.” A sort of you-can’t-hate-me-if-I-hate-myself-more strategy. And therefore I win. Or the depression wins I guess. It wins by having me prove to myself that I’m useless and feckless and that clearly the whole thing is not my fault because when I try to fix myself, I end up being in so pain that I have to stop, and so clearly the whole thing is because of some inherent quality I’ve got. That I’m fundamentally weak. And therefore, that there’s no point even trying.

And this is where the truly evil part occurs, the real grotesque sharp-toothed evil-eyed element of this whole thing, because then I get to believe it. Because I want to believe it. Because then I get to vindicate myself. I am no longer pathetic, a wastrel, not doing enough to help myself and unable to do anything. Instead, I’m damaged. Deformed in some way that’s just too hard to pull apart. Which is bullshit because I know this is just what the shitty black tarred side of my brain wants me to believe. I know what it wants more than anything else is for me to buy so deeply into its power over me that I start believing it is me. That I start doing its job for it. And I’m so fucking done with it. I am seriously **so** fucking done with it. Let me just say that again.

I.

Am.

So.

Fucking.

Done.

With.

It.

I’m done with this pathetic vagrant type of life I’ve been letting myself live, this habit of settling into something and then immediately looking for an exit strategy because I certain it’s not gonna work. I’m done with dipping a toe in and letting the depression convince me that it’s too cold, or it’s not the right colour of blue, or that it’s just not the right time of the year to start trying to fucking fix myself. I’m done with doing the depression’s job for it. And so this is it. This is my promise to myself. I am going to make the depression fucking work for it. And if it wants to kill me, it’s going to have to kill itself first trying to figure out how to do it. I am not its fucking slave. And here are some other things I’m going to do.

I’m gonna keep going to therapy, even if some days it feels like it’s not doing a fucking thing. I’m gonna keep going. 

I’m gonna stop letting the depression tell me that I’m fundamentally damaged. It’s not true. There are, for sure, a lot of things I need to work out, and I’ll do it one step at a time, but I am not incapable of taking those steps.

I’m gonna stop beating myself up when I go for one of those steps and miss. I am not going to punish myself for missing. Not only is that not fair, or even realistic to believe as being possible, but it’s just plain unhelpful in trying to get back up again.

Here are some other things I’m going to do.

I’m gonna mediate more. I’m gonna exercise more. I’m gonna attend to my thoughts more honestly. And, more than anything, I am going to learn how to live for the sake of fucking living and not for the sake of just surviving.

That’s it. Rant over. I’m going to put on some shoes and then go have a smoke outside and try to see if there are any stars out tonight. Then I’m going to go to sleep and wake up and try as hard as I can to remember how I feel right now.