I thought he was the one.
I met him a few weeks ago on a dating app. 
We chatted, conversation was going so great. 
I tried to manage my expectations, because we all know face-to-face interaction holds the real weight. 

First date, it was unreal. 
I've never ever felt like this before.
I've never felt so comfortable with an internet stranger, so connected on so many different levels. 
Conversation flowed like a dream. 
I smiled so much my face hurt. 

I've never actually been in a relationship before, so if you'd just ask me what I wanted in a partner, I could only give you a vague description with no concrete details. 
But this man, I thought *he's exactly what I wanted*. 

We talked, joked around, held hands and hugged. 
Pretty sure that's no big deal for most, but for me I've never felt so comfortable with someone on the first date. I am a very guarded person, but with this man, I let down my walls *just like that*.

He told me he'd always felt the need to rush home on his first dates.
But he told me, the worst part of our date was that it had to end. 
And I told him I was so scared, because I've never felt like this before. I felt so afraid that this wasn't real. 
And he told me not to overthink, to just follow my heart.
And for the first time in a long while, I let myself believe his words. 
I really, really believed that he's going to be someone special in my life. 

But fast forward 2 weeks, plus after another date that went well, he stopped putting in the same effort. 
He used to text me once or twice daily, but conversation died down, and he didn't try to continue it. 
I told him to let me know when he's available for our next meeting.
He said okay. 
And then he didn't reach out for a few days. 
Then I suggested a date, he told me he had something on. 
And then nothing, no alternative date, no explanation that he's busy. 
Then I suggested another date, *nothing again*. 

By this point, my heart sank. 
All I wanted was some kind of indication that he wanted to make the effort. 
But there's none. 

*So I let him go.* 
It was the hardest decision I've made in a while.
I told him that thank you, I had fun but maybe we're not really right for each other. 
This time, he actually replied, saying that he's just tired. 
But he agreed to my statement that we're not really right for each other.

If he had just said that he wanted to give us another try, I would have caved in. 
All I wanted was less than a minute of his time to just simply tell me that he's busy, and will get back to me later.
*But he didn't even do that.*
I wasn't even worth a minute of his precious time.

I know deep down I deserve someone who's willing to put the same effort as me into making a relationship work, but I still can't help but think *maybe I was wrong, maybe I should have just waited*. 

And I'm just trying to get all this out so I can feel better.
It hurts so damn much. 
*Because he made me feel things I've never felt before.
Because he made me believe in love again.* 

But alas, I guess *we're just not really right for each other.*

Or maybe I might regret this forever.

Edit: 
Thank you for all the responses, guys. I accept all of them even though some may think I'm coming across as needy/clingy. That might be true. And I agree I should work on myself too.

Also, I'm from a relatively conservative country so I don't think kissing on the first date is all that common. I have been on a couple of dates and none I felt as comfortable. 

Another thing was that he did mention that he's been ghosting pretty much every girl before me after the first date, and never really got to the 2nd date. Is that a red flag? I'm not sure but it did make me think that perhaps he's just waiting to do the same to me.