I'm starting to feel lonely
Hello, first of all, thanks for taking your time to read this, I really appreciate it.

I'm a man, 24 years old and never really had a girlfriend. I've dated a few girls once in a while but it never got serious and never lasted long.

I was really ok with that in the past, I haven't really felt the need to have a relationship as I see most people do, I always tough that I'll have someone worth it when its time.

But obviously you cannot choose who you have a crush on. As far I remember, I had 7 big crushes, basically one each school grade or new job during the last years.

The problem is that I never knew (in fact, I still don't know) how to deal with a crush, I remember always pretending I was talking to her and planning to, on the next day, finally talk to her but ended, on the last moment, doing nothing and feeling disappointed with myself for that and every time it happened I hurt myself a little more.

I feel like all this happened because I was afraid to lost a real good friendship which caused me to never know what exactly to say, I'm really introvert and don't talk much, so when it comes to talk about my feeling I normally freeze and no word comes out. When it comes to talk about something else, I have no issues at all, even when I have to talk or perform something to a crowd.

After all that I think I learnt how not to have a crush on someone to not hurt myself, it's about 3 ~ 4 years since the last one and I was still ok with that until now.

I'm starting to feel the need to have someone closer to me, to hug someone not just to compliment, to share some laughs, to discover things together (new good musics, places, movies, books, ...), to enjoy someones else company. 

I always see happy couples having a good time together doing all that things mentioned before or just by enjoying each others shoulder/nap and want the same.

I'm not hasty, I know if I push to hard for it to happens it might be a bad experience and that's exactly what I don't want right now.

Besides that I have absolutely nothing to complain about, I have a really good family, I'm healthy, so are my family and friends, just finished college last year, have a good and stable job, no debts, ...

The only thing I want for now is this anguish to go alway from my chest, that's all. 

And again, thank you for you time.