Racism. My Thoughts. Discussion?
This post represents what I think about what's currently happening in my country today. In it, I share my first experience with racism and the biggest lie about racism that's still being told now. It is a post that I wrote out of frustration, disgust, and fear. I wanted to share it here, to vent, but hopefully to start a discussion. 

Please mods, if it's not allowed, remove it. 

Currently, I'm a white woman living in the Deep South of the USA, what we call the Bible Belt. Sadly, but unsurprisingly, I've seen some of my (now *former*) friends and family members either try to justify, defend, and some outright agree with the racism that is happening in my country. I sent the contents of this post to them and asked if I was somehow misunderstanding what they were trying to say. Almost all of them replied and all of the replies broke my heart. After they so proudly defended their ignorance, I replied, "As much as it pains me, I'm not comfortable remaining in touch with anyone whose values oppose mine so radically." and I blocked them. 

I saw this put beautifully earlier and it's stuck with me: "You cannot say 'All Lives Matter' until black lives do. 

The atrocities being heaped upon our black communities should make you sick. There should be crying, wailing, and gnashing of teeth at what we're hearing about right now. There is no justification or excuse for such heinous actions. 

Do you want to know what one of my very first memories is? As a kindergartener (age 5), I remember coming home from school and telling my (then)stepdad that I made a new friend: Stephen. Then, I said that me and Stephen were gonna get married. That's the first (but not last) time, I can remember being asked, "What does Stephen look like? What color is he: does his skin look like yours or is it darker?" I got my ass whooped for that one and told "Not in my house", but with the worst language you ever did say, much less direct at a 5 year old.

In sixth grade, my entire class was made to write an essay. "My Eyes Don't See Color." As I remember writing that essay, we were made to explain just how much we didn't notice the color of someone's skin. As 11 year olds, we were required to write a paper to show that 'racism no longer exists'. 

You cannot sit there and tell me that racism no longer exists. To have the nerve to think that we 'don't see color' and everyone is treated equally is demeaning, ignorant, and downright dangerous. The racism in this country has been shown to us, time and time again. Yet, time and time again, we turn a blind eye to their plight. 

We, as white people, need to do better. Stop and acknowledge our privilege. Realize that we did nothing to earn this privilege. Understand that our privilege comes at the detriment of others. That just because we live in a country that values our white skin tone above others, certain aspects of our lives have been made more simple.  

I refuse to stand by any longer. This injustice will not be tolerated. My outrage will not be silenced. I will fight alongside you for as long as it takes. I will use my privilege to instigate change, to bridge the gap of inequality between us. 

My eyes DO see color and if you're being honest with yourself, so do yours.