I'm losing my sanity day by day . I never been in this place before. What do I do and where do I began to clear my head.
Here goes nothing , I found this app this morning and decided  why not. So here I am ... To begin I would say that the feelings that I have really buried deep away are starting to resurface. Outside of my thoughts during the day, cooking, cleaning, being a COOL MOM (smile) seriously I'm cool , collected and pretty much put together. I pretend ( can I say that) that I'm ok- cliche but I'm fucked up.My head goes bonkers with all type of cruel, belittling things and boy can we really get into ourselves. Everyday my children are growing, learning and watching my every single move, how can I let them see despair, hurt, anguish and such disgust within myself. Ever had to hide these kinda emotions from family and friends bc the chain of command begins with you so to say. Over the years yes years I have let myself rebuild, construct and motivate ppl watching them flourish happily I want the ones at my table to eat (understand) while my OWN life has taken a complete sad standstill. There's no fault here to noone nor am I searching for pity. My chest was heavy and I couldn't get to my pillow (🙃) This pandemic has taken it's very own toll on people outside of death in many different ways (sorry if any families has lost a loved one or may have suffered due to the virus hang in there!)  
Unfortunately I lost my job in Jan.2019 after 5 marvelous years due to my dad passing my Freaking Father 💔(very inconsiderate and inhumane) but I had no control over that. This is when I leaned HEAVY on my faith. I pray hard everyday and continue to without a doubt keep good faith never accepting a handout and remaining humble.I cried when the tears formed and screamed into pillows when the kids slept.... I'm beginning to lose a little of me everyday feels like. I can't!!! I have family, friends and by GOD I swear the best support hands down. Simply I don't want to make my burden a load on others. I pray for steady employment again just can't understand why is it so damn hard!! Like Oh man.. 
It hurts to want more and can't grasp it especially when you put super effort, remain positive, seek advice,look for guidance and keep my prayers consistent with my behavior.
 I must figure this out sooner than later. Just don't know how. Don't know how this app came about seriously but I'm almost sure it was just what I needed.Thanks for being here. Thanks for reading!💛🦋✨