Does anyone have advice for a 33 year old biology major who spent her 20's traveling, focusing on relationships, and working food service, but who now wants to do more with her life?
Hey Reddit, here's some background: I graduated at the height of the economic recession with a biology degree. I immediately went into academic research for a few years (ecology, botany, and molecular bio/cancer research), but then was laid off due to lack of funding. I decided to take my savings and go to West Africa where I ended up informally teaching science in a local grade school for a year. After that, I had the travel bug and spent the rest of my 20's basically working in food service so I could have funds to travel. I've been to 35 or so countries and did volunteer farming or other odds and ends, but nothing too involved or for too long. I mostly just enjoyed myself. I also spent a lot of time focusing on a few long-term relationships that didn't pan out. My last relationship kept me in the states for several years while I worked at a coffee shop. When it ended, I decided to try something in my field again, and after 6 months of job hunting, ended up in NYC doing environmental education. It's fun, but I am not in love with it.

I am just unsure where to go from here. I am once again job hunting (entry level positions) but to no avail. I feel like my resume screams "person who lacks focus with an inability to take initiative" due to my traveling 20's. I feel stuck and like now would be a good time to go back to school or start something different (like teaching yoga or travel nursing), but my interests are more philosophical than practical: science writing/communication (think Michael Pollan), making nature documentaries, ethnobotany, and even consciousness research. Is it worth it at this point to take out more loans to pursue a new career with a possible low ROI? I just really love traveling, thinking, and learning about science and am tired of working seasonal, low-paying fieldwork or food service jobs. I want to start a career of some sort....which I feel I should have done a decade ago and didn't, and am now worried I'm a little too old with too little experience to be taken seriously.