I’m very tired and don’t want to be 16
Everything tires me so much. Mostly people. I don’t remember always being like this? I used to love hanging out with people and talking to my parents but now i avoid them cause they just annoy me. Everyone seems very happy and I’m not. 

I picked the wrong career path so now I’m never going to end up with my dream job. To get a job that pays well enough I’ll have to do something with economics and that’s depressing cause I really want to do something in the medical field like my mom but I’m too fucking stupid for that.

Also all my relationships are fucking failing. I’m toxic. I’m manipulative. I don’t mean to be but whenever my dad screams at me I feel bad and start crying so he feels bad to which I feel good. It’s very shitty. 

Intimacy scares me and the idea of kissing someone scares me. Or doing something else with a boy in a romantic setting. 

I really hate myself. I hate the way I look, I hate the way I am. Just how I talk disgusts me. I have an eating disorder and am even failing with that. End up binging and ruining that shit too.

Mentally I feel like I’m still a child. Like I never grew past 12. I’m 16 now. Idk how 16 year olds act. Maybe I’m actually normal and the sixteen year olds around me are just acting older idk. I don’t want to be 16 anymore. I can’t handle all the responsibilities. 

I think my parents would be better off without me. I’m such a problem. I eat nothing and my mom feels so guilty for that. I don’t eat meat or greasy foods. The few things I do eat I also don’t eat bcs idk what the calories are. So I throw that away and then she ends up finding her meals in the trash. I try to eat it but sometimes it’s just so greasy I can’t. 

I don’t think I actually want to kill my self. I just need a pause for me to catch up. Everything is moving so fast and I’m having trouble understanding the changes. Sometimes I’m biking and think about how everything would be over if I just bike through red. I wouldn’t worry about how many calories I burned, if my friends secretly hate me and if guys talk to me because they think I’m attractive or because they want to make fun of me behind my back.

I know people love me. That’s the problem.