Fuck my 1600; or, why I wish my parents had made learn the violin.
Around this time, most of you have probably gotten your results back. Some of you are disappointed. Some of you are pleasantly surprised. And a very small, elite bunch of you are absolutely over the moon. But let's stop talking about you and start talking about someone I know much better.

Me.

Not too long ago, I fit into that third category. Yup, a perfect 1600. I don't know everything there is to know about this godforsaken test. Lord knows I practically guessed between the best two responses on a couple reading questions. And I actually made a mistake in the writing (blessed be thy curve). Hell, I did awful on the essay: a 6/3/5.

But hey, I got a 1600!

And I'll tell you a little secret... You know how when you're in the shower, fantasizing about whatever little thing, and you start playing that scene in your head, of hitting f5 on your keyboard, seeing that stupid acorn cb logo pop up, and then seeing the number in front of your eyes...

...It's fucking amaaaazing. Probably the single happiest moment of my life, pathetic as that might sound. Texting your friends, calling your family. Hearing your mom in the other room calling her friends saying "Oh, the SAT? Oh, he did well. Very well, he actually got a perfect score. No, really. Yeah, a 1600." As much as I had hyped myself up for that, it still exceeded my expectations.

Of course, that's nothing but a honeymoon period, and I was well aware of it. Life goes on, there's chem exams to worry about, and before you know it, you almost forget. But, there is one thing that sticks.

The ego.

But not any kind of ego. It's the feeling of confidence.

You see that kid over there? He plays basketball. Well. Meanwhile, I can't even do five push-ups without being sore for a week.

But, hey.

You got a 1600. He didn't.

Is it pathetic? Yeah. But it really, really helps. It's not that I lack confidence. It's not even that I'm insecure. It's just that I'm a narcissistic piece of shit. And hearing that voice inside my head is rather soothing.

Flash forward only a few weeks. I decide I should take the AMC 12, despite barely knowing it exists until some two weeks before the test day. Alright, I tell myself, Of course, this is a hard test. But I'm a fucking god at math, aren't I? Of course I am. Math is the one thing I'm better at than anything else. I'm the best person I know at math. I need to be in the top 5%. Small fry! I was in the top 0.03% for the SAT, and that's half reading, which I'm nowhere near as good at.

I got an 82.5. Respectable score, of course. But not even close to AIME qualifying. My mom told me I shouldn't think twice about it- Anyone doing well on this test studied for it for months, like I did for the SAT. I only did for a couple weeks. But still, I felt insulted. I'm BioticAsari-fucking-Babe. I fucking drink math for brunch, bitch! How the hell did I stare at a geometry problem for 15 minutes and come up with no good ideas for how to solve it? Am I dumb? Am I just not meant for math? I hope to god not. If I can't do math well, I can't think of anything that I can do any better. The notion of someone out there being better than me at Math drives me up the wall.

I move on.

Last week I went to a chamber concert. It was a piano quartet by Brahms, followed by a piano quartet by Walton. The Brahms left something to be desired- the violin was a tad loud, and the piano was a tad quiet. The Walton, though, was beautiful. It had this grand sense of theme and space. Gorgeously played. I can't help but think to myself- I'll never play like that. Sure, by the time I'm their age, I might play half-decent. But I won't be a virtuoso. Chances are, I'll never be a virtuoso.

Yesterday I was watching a video by this chess guy. It was about this 13-year old German kid who beat several grandmasters to win the Grenke open. Damn. I hear him again. I won't be that good when I'm 70.

I've been feeling two feelings lately, that I don't think I had ever felt before. The first is envy.

I had felt material envy. I had felt envy for my friends for all having phones when I didn't own one until I turned 17. I had felt envy for my friends for having driver's licenses when I don't because my parents can't afford the insurance. But this was a different kind of envy. A personal envy.

I didn't envy these people for what they had. I envied these people for what they could do.

What a bizarre feeling that is.

I envied the violist because she could play the viola. I want to play the viola. I envied the cellist, because he could play the cello. I want to play the cello. I envied the pianist, because he could play the piano. I can play the piano. But not very well. And I lack the time or money to truly pursue it to the point of playing even as a pro-am. I envied the chess kid, for playing chess like a god at his age. To my comfort, I'm sure many envy him. Even chess grandmasters, who know they weren't as good as him when they were his age, and he'll be much better than they are when he's their age. But I still envy him. And I still envy those kids that got into the AIME.

I'd like to comfort myself by saying it isn't fair. That they're somehow better off. But that's not true. They just spent more time practicing than I did. I would know- that's how I got a 1600 on the SAT.

The second feeling is contempt.

It isn't contempt for my father, for working upwards of 60 hours a week, practically breaking his back, all for what amounts to little more than peanuts- and all just out of his unending love for his family, which I am eternally grateful for. It isn't contempt for my mom, for being the best mother she could despite being in effectively 24/7 pain the last 8 years due to medical issues. It's not contempt for my grandfather, who was an awful father to mine (and a marginally better grandfather, at that.) It isn't even contempt for my uncle, who's got a million or two sitting on the dow, and who hasn't once offered to, say, I don't know, take me through Italy wine tasting.

I'ts contempt for me.

But not the me of now.

The me of later.

Why? Because I feel like a slave to him. Of course I will never be a piano virtuoso. But he might. So it is for him that I learn the piano. Of course I'm not smart enough to qualify for the AIME. But he might. So I buy 50 dollars worth of AoPS books, and study them on end.

But why must I do everything for him?

I've never even met the guy!

For all I know, he's an ass. Maybe he looks down on me not with pride but with shame. To think, that I was ever such an ungrateful child.

Why can't I make a hundred grand?! Not him, the me of "the future."

But me! I want my Wikipedia article, dammit. I want to be good at things! I want to write the Beethoven's 9th of the 21st century- BioticAsariBabe's 1st. I want to find the non-trivial zero to the Rieman-Zeta function with an imaginary component other than 1/2.

And I remind myself that he might. Maybe he will do all these things and more. But god, this whole process has made me hate him. I got a 1600 so that he can get into Stanford. I spend an hour at my shitty 90-dollar keyboard so that he might one day play the Emperor Concerto.

The men and women who have effected change or beauty (or disaster, even) in the human civilization did not do it by getting a perfect score on a standardized exam. Why can't I be them? Not him. ME!

Fuck my 1600.

I would gladly toss it to the curb if it meant I could truly do something well.

Edit: before someone mentions it: no, this is not an Asian parenting thing. Both my parents are extremely proud of me and have expressed that if anything, I should go a little easier on myself. Also: I definitely meant to title this post "made *me* learn the violin." Woops.