cash register came up short :(
I’m a college student and work at a fast food restaurant just for the summer. This morning when I started my shift I was put on a register already logged in under my name and was taking orders as usual. About an hour in, I coincidentally overheard one of the managers tell another manager about how some people were missing a certain amount of cash from their till. My name was mentioned and I caught one of them say “[idroppedmycroissant] is not like that.” However, a few minutes after, they awkwardly came over, asked me to go handle non-register tasks, and signed me out of my register for the day. Maybe I’m overthinking it, but they seemed to look at me differently too.

There’s always a camera on the registers and I always make sure to count my change carefully before giving it back to a customer. I’m sure I’ve made a few minor mistakes during rush hours, but it can’t be anywhere near the amount that’s missing since it’s a big enough amount that they no longer wanted me on register for the day. I was so worried and hurt that they would think I’m stealing and now I’m feeling great anxiety over this. I want to go to my GM tomorrow and tell her what I overheard and try to clear up the situation, and maybe request that if I’m put on register again, no one uses my till when I’m not there. Multiple people often share a register under someone else’s names during the day and most of the time I use registers under a manager’s name, and I’m sure they aren’t missing anything so why is it that my till, the one that i don’t use very often, has this issue?

I don’t know how to go about addressing it and it’s eating me up right now :( it doesn’t help that I’m soft spoken and introverted, just thinking about bringing this up with my GM is causing me so much anxiety.

Should I go confront the situation? Or wait until someone addresses me? What should I say? I feel so bad about this.

It really hurt me to think that people would think I’m shady and would lose their trust in me when I’ve done nothing wrong ;—; I like my coworkers a lot and I enjoy my shifts (usually). The reason I got this job in the first place was because my mom didn’t want me sitting around the house .__. 

I just feel so bad and can’t sleep rn because of this ;_;