I asked for a raise for the first time ever
And I got it! 

I wrote out a formal letter bulleting my successes over the past four years, named my figure and the reasons I was asking for that specific figure, attached my research, and had a meeting with my manager to go over everything. I didn’t feel like it went well. My manager didn’t seem interested in discussing anything with me. She took the letter from me and that was that. I left feeling pretty discouraged. 

The thing is, I was making 11% below the average for my job title in our area, but I frequently take on the responsibilities of other job titles. So I asked for a 15% raise. I absolutely did not think they would give me that much, but I had hoped that it would leave room for some negotiation. I really wanted that 11%. If they were unwilling to negotiate, I decided I’d have to find a new job after my leave (see below - currently pregnant). I know I am worth more than I was making. 

It took two weeks to hear back. Unfortunately, it was really bad timing. I wanted to ask for a raise a while ago, but my company has been undergoing some awkward changes for about seven months. It NEVER seemed like a good time to take my chances, until I realized there wouldn’t be a good time for a while and I was running out of time. I am pregnant, going on STD soon, and figured it was now or never. I needed the extra cash. When my manager finally called me in, she told me how much they all appreciate my efforts and how nothing I’ve done has gone unnoticed. She offered me the 11% I was secretly hoping for, and I took it! 

I still can’t believe it! I’m not an executive or anything like that. I’m a glorified receptionist in the eyes of most, so it took a lot of confidence building for me to decide that I deserved this raise and I deserved the opportunity to ask for it, even though I had no idea if how I was going about it was right or wrong. This will definitely help soften the blow of a new baby for my husband and I while we pay off thousands in medical debt (not including what’s to come after the birth).

I just wanted to share my good news. Thanks for reading!!