Great Date Takes a Hilarious Turn...
Hey guys, i’ll try to keep this brief but this is hilarious and I had to share somewhere, so here I am. I (21F) am not a big “dater”, i’ve been single most of my adolescent life all but a few flings, the longest of which lasted 6 weeks! Lol with that being said as I am coming to the end of my college  career I have had a lot more free time and my girl friends decided they wanted to hook me up with someone. So they set me up with this guy (22M) who was a mutual friend through one of their boyfriends.

They gave him my snapchat and he snapped me almost immediately. I didn’t know what I was expecting but when I opened it I was actually pleased, he was really handsome. So we talked back and forth for about a day or two and then I gave him my number and we arranged a “date”. We went to a bar off campus, one of the nicer ones where drinks are kind of expensive. I didn’t know what to expect from him in person, he seemed cool through text but that can be deceiving.

After a couple of drinks I really actually like the way he was acting and treating me but obviously everyone puts their best foot forward on the first date. Anyways he made me laugh and smile for like 3 hours or so and after he asked if I wanted to go back to his place with him to hang out some more. So I agreed... I didn’t get the vibe that he just wanted sex.........

We left the bar and he drive me back to his place, “Whenever you wanna go home i’ll give you a ride just say the word” is exactly what he told me. He lived in this nice apartment complex on campus, while we waited on the elevator he kissed me which I was okay with. His place was nice, and tidy. His roommate fled to the room almost on cue when we came in. We sat on his couch and ate Ice cream, he said it was all he had to offer which was cute.

Anyways, we watched a little bit of Rick & Morty, then the alcohol caught up with me and I had to pee. I asked where the bathroom was and he showed me then I went. I peed, and stared at myself in the mirror for a second. I go back out to the Living room, and there sits my date.... Only he doesn’t have any clothes on, and no underwear either. LOL, and his dick was hard......  and big.

I stood there in shock, partly because he was naked, and partially because of the size of his dick lol. The only sentence my dumb ass could piece together was “Oh my..” He just looked at me I couldn’t read his expression, but my mouth dropped open and i covered it with my hands. He laughed a little and said “No?” and started covering himself up then he told me he was really sorry and asked if I wanted him to take me home. I felt really bad but I said yeah, I really liked him physically and like we clicked but i’m not a first night kind of girl. When we got to my place he apologized again. I told him it was fine honestly and then before I got out of the truck I said “Let’s hang out again, & maybe i’ll see your dick again sometime soon.” He smiles and laughed really hard, he said let’s definitely hang again and apologized and kissed me and told me good night.

Lol I really like him he was goofy and that just was really funny and I’m supposed to see him again tomorrow, kinda nervous lol! If anyone ends up caring i’ll update this haha!

tl;dr my date and i had a great time, maybe we weren’t in the same exact page though lol