I’m an attractive white man from a wealthy family. The odds were always in my favor. I think I’m gonna shoot myself in the face.
I don’t expect you to read this, just need somewhere to vent. 

Here I am again, sitting alone in front of my tiny space heater, trying to find a reason to keep going. It doesn’t help that it’s Christmas Eve. I’m basically a 24 year old virgin and have spent holidays alone for the past 5 years. I remember Bill Burr said at like 39yrs old he stopped going home for the holidays. I envy that. At 18 I went to college across the country to get away from my abusive mother, even picked a college she hated (“it would embarrass [her]”). Speaking of college, I’m still unsure whether I was molested. It’s hard to say when you wake up to some guy in your bed. The not knowing really pisses me the fuck off.

To this day my mom doesn’t think she’s done any wrong. After I dropped out I went back home for a little bit. I don’t know what I expected. A year or two later I move across the country again to get away. Now I am truly and utterly alone. I’m currently on my 22nd or 23rd dead-end job. Honestly can’t believe I’ve lasted so long at this one. I guess I look up to the store manager a lot and don’t want to let him down. I’ve seen a hundred therapists, been on a million different meds, went to rehab for 6 months, and I feel worse now than I ever have. Depression, anxiety, paranoia, they’re all too minor to describe what I feel. Had my first suicidal thought at 9yrs old. At that same age I realized I wanted a girlfriend. It was like there was a hole in my heart. I think I just wanted a female in my life because I hated my mother. But I knew I was too young and figured I’d get one later in life - nope. Never been in a real relationship. I was with a girl in high school for a couple months maybe. We sorta had sex once but I wouldn’t even call it that. Every girl I’ve tried to pursue since either wasn’t interested or I didn’t try hard enough / didn’t have enough experience to understand what they wanted me to do. Doesn’t help that I grew up afraid of my mother and hating her. 

In college I was so desperate to get laid I went on Craigslist Casual Encounters (when that was a thing) but girls from my floor found those pictures and passed them around. That shattered the little confidence I had. That is just one experience but probably the one that most changed my perspective of women. I wish I could tell those girls how much damage they’ve done. Then all my fuckups with girls just added to my pain. Dating apps don’t work it’s like my account is invisible. At this point I don’t try whatsoever. It’s as if I’ve been conditioned to not make a move. And the ironic part is I look like a model (genes, muscles, six-pack), dress well, and I’m actually very smart. The few parties I’ve ever gone to girls basically threw themselves at me and I would freak out, have a panic attack, and then leave. Alcohol didn’t help. I’m not gay. I’m just broken. A beautiful girl might look at me and give all the signs that she wants me to talk to her. She might even come talk to me first. I’ll just shut down. Afterward I’ll get angry at myself, so I’ve stopped going places where I might meet a girl because I know what’s going to happen. I’ve always found it interesting how much I relate to “ugly” guys who won’t pursue a woman because they know what will happen. And those guys take one look at me and hate me. It’s like they’re thinking “man, if I could just trade places with that guy.” Hahaha ain’t shit would change, man. You’d be just as alone and maybe feel worse than you already do.

At this point the only reason I haven’t shot myself in the face is because of my dog. My cat wouldn’t give a shit but I can’t do that to my dog. I just can’t. The sad part though is dogs vibe off you and adopt your personality, meaning he’s gone from an angel to anxious and quick to fight other dogs. So, maybe it’d be for the best if he had a different owner. Can’t exactly take him to the dog park anymore. And I’m sure you can tell how close I am to suicide because I know exactly where to shoot. For your sake I’ll spare the details. I don’t know why I’m writing this I guess the holidays are pushing me over the edge. I just can’t be alone anymore. The girl I like is a coworker who shut me down for a different coworker who went and cheated on her. And now I feel like maybe she’s expecting me to make another move?? I don’t know. But the way I am, I’m not gonna pursue a girl who shut me down. You know how hard it was to tell her how I feel? Couldn’t even do it in person had to send some stupid message. Now I have to see her every day. I guess that’s why you don’t ask out people from work. 

I have panic attacks every night and the thin walls in this ghetto apartment complex do NOT help, nor do the gunshots down the street. I have no one to call. My dad kind of understands what I’m going through but there’s only so much he can handle. Every time I talk to him I feel like he’s about to have a heart attack. My brother says I have an illness that just needs to be treated. I feel like he thinks I just want attention. Obviously I don’t talk to my mom, I actually blocked her. And the suicide hotline?!?! Don’t get me started. It’s like they want you to die. The two real friends I had forgot about me once they found girlfriends. I don’t know how much time I have left, and I always thought I was destined for big things. You’re all I have left, reddit. You and my dog. Shit, the cat probably wants me gone. 

If you read this far, thank you from the bottom of my heart.

EDIT: Thank you everyone, this was more helpful than rehab. And yes I love my cat. He’s actually really interesting, basically a real-life Garfield.

EDIT 2: I think Dave Chappelle said it best when he talked about Anthony Bourdain. That’s why I used that title. I can’t stand when people think I “have it all,” so how can I be so unhappy. Anyway thank you again, everyone. And thank you for the platinum, whatever it means, that made my day.

EDIT 3: I am either delusional or my coworkers read this post. Not sure which is worse. But it really feels like one of them read it and passed that shit along like a hot potato. I hear them talking and I hope it’s just confirmation bias but it sounds like they’re talking and laughing about what I wrote. WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING YOU FUCKS?! More gossip to gobble up? One of the guys here tried to have a real talk with me, “how bad are these intrusive thoughts getting?” I haven’t been acting different at work. Why would he ask me that? I did have people contact me saying they weren’t on this sub but found it just scrolling through r/all, so I don’t know how many people actually read this. I guess it’s possible someone I know came across it. Funny that I care when I’m so close to ending it all. Glad I got it off my chest though, was a huge weight lifted. And the support from you guys was unreal. I didn’t respond to everyone but I read every single message and comment. Speaking of which, you trolls can go fuck yourselves. It takes a special kind of twisted fuck to hide behind a keyboard and say that shit. But it turns out this post helped some people?? That’s such a foreign feeling for me I didn’t believe them. I don’t know why I’m still writing. I just hate being me. Need this life shit to end.