I got into a fight at work.
   I want to preference my post by saying I don’t advocate violence and outside of this experience I’ve haven’t been in a fight since elementary school. 

  I worked for Chili’s Bar and Grill for close to two years. I was indisputably the best server on the floor. I could take half the restaurant and not be weeded at all!!!! Very dependable worker who RARELY ever called out. I have an outgoing personality and know how to hold a conversation, so my guest and peers loved me!! But...then in 2018 came along the infamous 3 for $10 meal.

  Choose one non alcoholic beverage , a starter , and entrée for just $10!! That’s a great deal for guest, but terrible for servers. Due to plates becoming so low our turnover rate skyrocketed. Next thing I know my GF ( who I worked with at Chili’s ) and I working working most weeks with either 1 day or no days off. 
Now I know ... if I didn’t like it I should’ve dusted off my resumé and got a new job. But then again I have regulars who take good care of me and the social interaction at work was also good , plus the commute was quick. So I chose to power through these tough schedules , being the fact my GM (Older white man , Archie Bunker type ) promised the bartender position once he hires up again. 

  Well months go by , I’m still not a bartender and come to find out my co worker ended up being  promoted. I was happy for her cuz she’s my friend but everyone knew it should’ve been mine, or at least my GF’s . I wanted to talk to my boss about it but I knew he would just give me some bullshit answer. 
He gave me some bullshit answer one day when I pressed him on the fact he should make the servers work schedule because our supervisor who’s assigned to the role was abusing her power. She was scheduling herself and her brother good shifts , making sure they were the first ones out the door everyday. I was beyond frustrated at this point. 

 Fast forward to this passed June . I was first cut on the floor and business is slow. For some reason there’s not host on the floor , even though my District manager is present , but whatever . I see a party of four at the door so I seat them with myself. There’s the mother , her grown son , his GF , and their son. They just returned from the courthouse across the street and seemed upset from whatever may have happened over there. I tried to remain as patient and helpful as possible while serving them cuz it felt like one wrong word could flip them over the edge , especially the Grown Son. Eventually, the GS and his GF leave the restaurant. I was relieved cuz they were taking foreverrrrr to order anything !!! The Mother ended ordering sausages then sending them back because they were pork ....

I send my GM to the table to assist her. While taking their order the GS and the GF return. My GM lets me take it from here and he steps 2 ft away to the bar behind us.  The GF still ordering like she’s never read a menu before feels like I’m not being patient with her and calls my GM over and says “I don’t want his rudeass anymore!”.  And for some reason I chose to respond back saying “ well I don’t wanna serve you guys “. Then I began to walk away . The Grown Son then shouted  “ how bout you shut up you fat Faggot “ ... I was taken back by this. In my 4 years of serving I never had a customer be so disrespectful towards me. 

They’re just words I understand , and I should’ve just walked away like IVE BEEN DOING FOR 2 years now . But I didn’t sadly ... I walked back over to him. He stood up .. and I pushed him before he could hit me first. My GM grabs the guy and someone else grabs me. It lasted all of 20 secs with no one landing any good clean hits. I ended up being fired the next day for throwing the first hit. 

  Despite the negative things about the job , I loved it. And I wish I could go back ironically . So my question is it’s been 7 months now , is it possible to get rehired or maybe work for another Chili’s ? And is my GM at any fault for this , I felt like he allowed us to fight? Thank you guys for reading , and sorry for my writing ability.