What I learned from my Stanford Deferral
A few months ago I got deferred from Stanford. I was excited at the possibility of being a competitive candidate and maybe even attending my absolute dream school; however, I saw everyone else that got deferred as competition and factors I needed to be better than. After joining a chat with about 20 other deferees ( all from Reddit)- who were all amazing in their own right- I fell into a depression and suffered from major imposter syndrome, because many had done actual research and had national awards. Ultimately, they all scared me and it felt like my chance to attend my absolute dream school was slipping away from me. I had trouble texting them and just tried not come across as stupid, but one night everyone was sharing parts of their applications and their personal narrative. I decided to join along and learned a great deal about everyone in the chat and when I shared my story I was met with an unbelievable amount of support. The people in the chat with me started to become more than just my competition but other people who worked just as hard- if not harder- and wanted to attend Stanford just as much as I did. (I'm avoiding names cause I want to keep it private) There is one girl who constantly tells us how much she loves us, one who is the nicest person I've ever met, a boy we joke is our admissions officer, a really tall kid that believes in everyone, and so much more I couldn't possibly put into words. It really hit me that applying to these big schools makes you think you're against everyone else applying when, in reality, we're all just trying our hardest to achieve our goals and succeed in life. Every achievement in our group is met with an applause from everyone, and believe me these kids are out-of-this-world intelligent. We have people that got into MIT, a large number of likely letters from Ivy Leagues, a Duke likely, so many T20 acceptances already, and so many crazy smart people. I used to think kids like this were robots, but they are so human. We eat whole bottles of mayonnaise, preform the orchestra version of the Wii theme, tell dirty jokes, and spend so many hours just being high schoolers. After spending so long with them- and as Stanford approaches- I can't help but think that I no longer care if my spot goes to one of them. Will I be upset, yes; however, I know its another kid that is just trying to succeed. They all deserve as much as I do- if not more. However, I've also seen how unpredictable the process is, kids that got likely letters from Ivys get rejected from MIT or people from MIT don't get into other less prestigious schools. I don't say this to degrade them because they are easily some of the smartest people I've met- much smarter than me- but to show how fickle the whole process is. All in all, as Ivy Day and Stanford approaches I hope y'all can realize that the whole process is unpredictable and isn't indicative of your worth at all. Everyone on this sub is just a human trying to live their own unique experience. We're not each other's competition we're just kids. We're all on this Earth confused about what to do and how to make our dreams come true.

If any of my fellow Stanford Eggs are reading this I hope you all get in and I would give the world to be able to attend Stanny with you for the next four years. Hopefully we can beat the 15%-25% acceptance rate! Even if I don't get in I wouldn't change a thing. I loved meeting all of you and bonding over our love for Stanford and learning. After Stanford decisions we may never talk again, but I hope you know you truly touched my heart!

TLDR: Apply to big schools even if you think you're unqualified the best case scenario may change your life. Heck, I did and got deferred and got to meet some amazing people. Other candidates aren't your competition they're just kids like you- many have worked just as hard and want to attend just as much. Lastly, go easy on yourself. You're just a kid and college is confusing. A rejection doesn't mean anything and you're not inferior for receiving it; vice versa for an acceptance.

Also we're considering starting a youtube channel just as a resource for kids deferred from Stanford and to show what we wrote and did to get into great schools like MIT, Caltech, Columbia, Cornell, Vanderbilt, UCLA, Duke, Stanford(hopefully), and so many more great schools)

Edit: Oh my gosh ty so much for the awards and upvotes <3. I just wanted to put my feelings into words and hoped I could help others with my experiences. Best of luck to everyone!