how do I handle this news?
let me start by making things clear - I've done wrong here. I won't shift the blame, I won't sugar coat it, and I won't start pretending its ok. I messed up. I've apologized and I apologize again.  I've had issues mentally (anxiety) for a while now, but this particular issue started nearly a week ago.  I was feeling particularly bad leading up to this, so I decided to visit a friend (person one) who is quite good to be around (to make this better, this person knows I've had a crush on them before but we were over that). through the day we hung out, talked, I taught them some self-defense and we had fun, and that was it. the week went on fine, and then 5 days later was my birthday party. myself, person one and a few others (including person two).  we had an attempt at a game, which dissolved into drunk comedy and fun, though I noticed at one point person two was a lot cuddlier that night. I didn't think much of it, however, as most people who were there are very physical like that platonically and I knew person two definitely didn't/doesn't have feelings for me, which is fine. the following dad, myself self and my dad were discussing the night and laughing about it when he said that apparently person two was being cuddly to distract me from person one. this didn't immediately say anything to me, but between then and me messaging them earlier tonight it started to grow on me. it soon reached me messaging them about my head, and I also mentioned that I heard about the planned hugging. to abbreviate what they said they were actually quite uncomfortable about what happened and didn't want to make things awkward between us by saying so, so I asked person two to make sure nothing stupid happened. again, what happened was clearly my fault and ill hold my hands up to it, but my problem lies with the fact I now have to think about what I trust. can I trust my friends to be honest with me, can I trust myself to not take things to far? can I trust that I'm not going to depend on people and that I'm not going to cause harm around me? how do I go about this?