This one's a little fucked up, but please help.
Ok to start things off, my parents are divorced. Dad hasn't got a different partner. My mom has got a new partner. He has 3 kids: 2 girls and 1 boy. The "boy" is already like 20 years old. Youngest sister is 14, oldest is 16. I'm 16 too. Now when my mom and her new partner started to take the relationship seriously, I went to their house, and they came over to ours. I got kinda close to the oldest sister. We told eachother that we wanted to kiss. One night, I don't remember why, the oldest sister was spending the night at my moms. Only my mom, the oldest sister and me were home. We were watching some netflix and my mom got tired so she went upstairs. We kinda sticked around a little longer than my mom told us too, and we kissed. We went upstairs only for her to come into my room (she had her own room and own bed to sleep in) and lay on my bed. I put myself next to her, we lied there for 5 mins when we started kissing again. (I'm thinking about it now and it's really fucked up, I kissed my stepsister basically) It was awkward when we saw eachother again the day after, and a week later when I saw her again, we basically said nothing to eachother. I asked her what was going on. She bluntly said:"There's nothing between us. "I'm there sitting in my couch, staring at my phone and I'm like: what?" I told her I thought that kiss meant something. She said she had kissed a guy the other night, maybe even more bluntly than before. Now I don't know what to do at all. I kinda want to tell her to fuck off, she should've told me earlier that this was just one of her "many" kisses. But the problem is, there's a very big chance she'll be my fucking sister for the rest of my life. Now I'm basically regretting everything I did. I'm thinking about how I could've spent the time with her, seeing a girl that actually wanted to be in a relationship with me. Now I'm basically lost for words because I've had somebody tell me before that they didn't like me and I just told them to politely fuck off. But I feel like I can't do that now because she's my sister. What should I do? I'm lost. If you've read this far, thank you for doing so and if you reply, a thousand thanks too.