A thing about me. Please, if you have the time, please read it. I just want to let things out.
I'm posting this here because I just need a place to scream. Sometimes, I wonder if I'm just not built for this world. If maybe I'm not mentally strong enough to take on anything and if maybe I should just take my life because I feel like I cant accomplish anything.

Anyways, hi, my name is Autumn, I'm 19 y/o transgirl and I graduated high school last year. As far as I'm aware provided my psychologist and psychiatrist are correct I have Borderline Personality Disorder, Asperger's Syndrome, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and ADHD. I've always had a hard time growing up. I was bullied so much in school, my parents werent the best, they physically abused me when I was a child, and mentally abused me in middle/high school. A part of me doesnt hate them (at least my mother) because I feel like they're not trying to hurt me nor do they hate me, they just dont know how to properly raise me or approach me. They just decided to go the "old school" route of hitting me until I got better grades. Anyways, I hate my father. He's a manchild with anger issues who does destructive things and I wish he would just disappear. 

Anyways, onto my personal life with friends. I am severely emotionally unstable, I experience things in extremes and I always constantly split between loving and hating my friends. I constantly fear being abandoned or left alone and result in drastic measures to avoid those situations, I selfharm, I spend so much money. Haha, I had a job with an income of 1.6k monthly without any bonus commission, but I'd spend all of it on everything. I cant control it. I always ended up burning bridges with my friendships, I didn't mean to, I dont want to. But I cant control my behaviors and I hate it. I'm trying real hard to go to therapy, I'm hoping I can start DBT to help me with my BPD (Borderline Personality Disorder).

I just want to have friends I interact with on a regular basis and play games with. I try my best to reach out but I guess others are busy playing with their friends or just overall not noticing me. Which can really hurt I guess. One recent thing I've really gotten into is FFXIV. I try to ask other friends to play but, I just get ignored and such. It hurts a lot. I dont hate them I think, I dont. I just, I wish I had friends they have and play with. It gets really boring and lonely. Aside from those things, sometimes, I wonder if everything would be better if I was dead. You see, I never knew escapism existed until a few months ago, and that's when I realized how for the past 19 years my coping mechanism of constantly retreating to the fantasy world I've created in my head was extremely unhealthy, and because of it I dont see any reason in going on, I think what's stopping me now is how Ill informed I am with taking my own life and how afraid I am of coming out with permanent damage and not death. Aside from that, there are 2 other people whom I love very much and cant bear to leave alone. My dream job is to edit videos for a YouTube channel or do something game grumps-esque with a friend. I'd love that so much, but that's just a dream, given the current state of YouTube and everything like that, the chances are that's not going to happen. Sometimes I just wish I could fall into a permanent sleep and live forever in my dreams.

Anyways, thanks for letting me rumble a bit. I'm not happy. I'm not okay. I dont want to be alive. But maybe i can make it through, i just sometimes wish i had friends like others I see, but I'm extremely shy and suck at conversation and such, its really hard. I think I'm going to go cry some more now, I'll see you all some other time. 

If you took the time to read through all this, thank you... from the bottom of my heart.