Wanting to move out, can’t yet
I’ve wanted to move out for a while now but the straw that broke the camel’s back is that currently, my very conservative mother has realized that I(17M) like most teens I’m assuming, masturbate and watch porn, and has put parental controls and censorship on all my devices. It’s not the end of the world but it’s irritating. I’ve found ways around them but it’s tough having them constrict what I deem “appropriate”.  They also control my life in a bunch of other, smaller ways. I realize they are trying to keep me safe but it’s becoming too much when I want my own freedom

I’ve gained a bit of perspective of what it costs to live on your own. From what I understand, I would have to take 2 full time jobs which I would be willing to do in order to have my own freedom. But the problem is, I still have to finish my senior year of high school, which I can’t finish and have time for 2 full time jobs(I already have a part time job as well which I could make full time). Finishing high school would obviously open up more job opportunities but I hate having to wait for that. I would go straight into college after but my family wouldn’t be able to afford it, and I don’t want to have to pay off student loan debt for years after, so I’m trying to look into ways to fully pay off my tuition(thinking of saving for few years once I’m living on my own then going back to be a programmer) 
My parents tell me that as long that I live under their roof, I have to obey their rules. I want to move out to avoid that but I can’t. I’m turning 18 in 2 months and am gonna try to make some big steps to change this then but right now I don’t know if there is anything I can really do other then just finish school. I’m sure there will be plenty of things along the way that I haven’t accounted for in my planning or things that will happen that are out of my control, but I am doing my best to plan out my future, atleast financially. 
TL:DR 17yo teen wants to move out from restrictive parents, but wouldn’t be able to afford it having to finish high school. 
Any advice on what I could do?