My cousin/roommate assaulted me last night.. nobody believes me..
My cousin(roommate) assaulted me last night... nobody believes me...

I moved in with my cousin two weeks ago.. since then he’s been overly loving. He will wake you up and talk to you all day. Literally, the first day there he talked to me for 9 hours straight... even when I went to the bathroom. I have a problem getting black out drunk and he brags about kissing me, watching me in the shower, watching me in the restroom, seeing me naked, I know it’s forced because I don’t like physical contact and I’m asexual that he forces me to cuddle with him when I’m blacked out and don’t remember. He found my phone and has my boyfriends number, best friends number, family’s number and he texts them all day about me and everything I do.. right now I’m having trouble with auditory hallucinations that my family know about, but I’m fixing. My cousin also always talks about raising me and always being a big brother to me... when I’ve seen him 2 times since I was 10 years old...

We have another roommate. My best friend of 7 years. He was in the room and it was 2am. We’d been talking to my cousin literally all day, because we never get a second alone together. My cousin had been drinking all night and refused to go to bed because he wanted to be there when my boyfriend got home so he could “chat” with him about me. But he was so drunk he kept forgetting my boyfriend wasn’t coming over. Finally I asked him if my best friend and I could have some time to talk alone. And he FLIPPED. He began screaming at us that we hate him. Why can’t he hear what I was going to talk about. We’re just conspiring against him.

He ran over to me. Held my arms against my chest so hard that my ribs have bruises, got literally so close to my face he was touching me... and screamed over and over about how he could hurt me so badly and that I don’t know who I’m talking to. He believes he can read minds and see “auras” and said he knows I’m lying. He’s screaming he’s going to beat the shit out of me. I kept telling him to just do it. And then he grabbed my face so fucking hard. And told me to try him. I then yelled that my dad owns this house. And that I was going to tell my boyfriend. And he got scared and backed off. 

Immediately he began texting me about how much he loves me... I left the house and ran down the street to my dads house sobbing. Iv told my mom... my sister.. my dad... everyone believes I was hallucinating.. they said my best friend will say whatever I want him to so his word doesn’t matter.. but he hurt me.. only my boyfriend believes me... I feel so alone.. 

Iv been having flashbacks to my first rape all day.. to my dad beating me as a kid and everyone denying it ever happened.. I’m covered in bruises.. and I wish I was dead.. I just want someone to believe me...