My worst fear has come true and I have already decided that I am going to take my own life
I am a 31 yo gay male who was severely bullied throughout my childhood whilst having to come to terms with my sexuality. Nowadays it’s ok to be gay but when I was growing up it was not. I was surrounded by people both in and out of school that would either physically and mentally torment me and others that would just watch it happen and do nothing to help as if i deserved it. I was very confused and vulnerable at the time so I felt powerless to stop it and just let it happen.

As a result, I developed OCD and body dysmorphia. From that point on I thought the only way people would ever accept me or want to be around me is if I was perfect. I strived for perfection; i was a straight A student, I ate really healthy, I was physically active and I valued my appearance above all else. I could confidently say that I was an attractive guy and I know now I had a lot going for me. Regardless of how hard I tried to be perfect over the years I developed social anxiety and although I had some really good memories, the anxiety plagued most of my young adult life and I missed out on so many good opportunities because of it. Slowly but surely I was able to move past my mental issues and live a somewhat normal life. I had a good job, decent friends and a loving family. 

When I turned 29 I fell in love with this guy who looked like an angel and we were both madly in love. I thought I could finally be happy unconditionally and it would have all been worth it. It wasn’t until we moved in together that I realised he was anything but angelic and that’s when the physical and mental abuse started all over again - Like I was back in high school. He was a sociopath but I didn’t realise until it was too late. He abused me throughout our relationship and slowly tore me down til I was nothing. 

After 2 years of torment I finally got out of the abusive relationship and got a place on my own but that’s when all my unresolved childhood demons came to surface. My body dysmorphia and OCD came back but with extreme vengeance. I dissected everything about my appearance; my hair, my body my skin etc. My hair wasn’t as thick as it was in my early 20s so I went to turkey and got a transplant, whilst I was there I also got Lipo on my stomach even though I know now I didn’t even need it. I came back from Turkey and worked out every day for 12 months until my body was perfect. I was once more trying to become the ultimate version of myself even though there was nothing wrong with me to begin with.

It all took a turn for the worst when I started focusing on my skin. My skin wasn’t perfect but it wasn’t bad. I researched ways to improve it and found something called skin needling that most beauty clinics offered as a way to rejuvenate the skin. I bought a package of 5 sessions at my local clinic and did the full course of 5 spread out a month apart. After the first few sessions I noticed my skin was getting irritated, red and dry. I brought this up with the rep but she assured me this was normal and that it was because my skin was healing. Cut to the last session I got a severe infection and severe inflammation which slowly resulted in my entire face becoming fibrotic and scarred. In the night time you can’t see too much but in the day if you look at my face I look deformed. My entire face has fibrotic scarring that resembles scratch marks as if an angry cat did a number on me. I have seen multiple dermatologists and they can’t help me. This disfigurement is permanent and I look like a monster. 

I have seen multiple psychologists and they are trying to help me try and come to terms with it but I just can’t. One told me that this is my worst fear come true since all the value I put on myself was in my appearance. Every time I look at myself in the mirror I want to die. I feel like if I didn’t have body dysmorphia Which is obviously making the situation so much worse I may have stood a chance. 

I have taken a month off work for the Christmas period and have been staying at my parents because I’m too scared to be alone. For the past month  I have been drinking excessively every day, eating excessively and smoking excessively. Every part of my being has given up on life and I havnt left my room. I have been researching ways to end my life and I feel like this is it for me; after all this struggle with my mental health this is how it’s going to end. My worst fears have come true.

My parents and brother can see what has happened and they sympathise with me but they don’t realise the extent of how much this has really messed me up. I wake up every morning in disbelief this is happening to me. Everyday for the past month I have wished to die and it’s only getting worse every day. My brother told me in confidence he went through his own struggle not too long ago and was planning to hang himself in our storeroom. He showed me the ropes and where he would have tied them. Unbeknown to him this is how I plan to end it.  

I don’t know if anyone will read this or can relate. I hope someone will.