My friend (15F) is going to kill herself in less than a month.
This is a call for help.

I met her at the start of 2019, where she was a transfer who was introduced to our school. She was a very social person and easily became friends with other people, so she had no problem fitting in. Since we had similar classes, she and I got closer and started hanging out together around the middle of the year.

Things seemed normal at the start, but she seemed to always stress very easily and it was clear she wasn’t sleeping well. She often slept at school, and started skipping classes. At first, nobody really assumed anything because she laughed it off and seemed to be pretty happy. Some time passes, and she’s getting visibly worse - crying more frequently, eyebags getting darker, less energy etc.

One day, I noticed cuts on her arm, around late October.  I immediately confronted her about it, and she opened up because we were quite close at that point, but wouldn’t really tell me why she was self harming. Over the weeks, when we had exams/finals, she got much worse - she started cutting much more frequently, on her arms, legs, chest etc. Skipping classes one day, she was caught and sent to the Vice Principals office where she told him about her self harming as an excuse (mistake). After getting sent to the counsellors office, her mum was called to school to pick her up.

On the way home, her mother verbally abused her and talked her down for self harming. She was also referred to a psychiatrist (that she didn’t go to) because her parents never bothered to get her to one - not treating the issue seriously enough being one reason, and the price being another (despite spending thousands a year on tutoring).

When she was younger (around 9 or 10), she was abused by her brother who had anger management issues. He would let out his anger onto her by both physically and emotionally abusing her. Her parents never cared enough to notice, which caused her to suffer for years with this kind of treatment. Even years later, she’s still afraid of her brother, and only talks with him when absolutely necessary.

After her mother found out about her self harming, she became increasingly stressed from having to hide her cuts and box cutters, as well as have to deal with her constant forceful attempts at cornering her into telling her about her self harming. There was no place to escape to either, as she shared a room with her mother and hid in the bathroom to self harm. An incident happened just two weeks ago: her father, mother and older brother had left the house earlier in the day which left her alone to roam and relax freely. When she felt a little hungry, she left her room to get food and was ambushed by her mother who was waiting hidden in another room, thinking she had caught her self harming. This was later followed by her father breaking down the door when she made a makeshift lock. (the lock was the barrel bolt type, and the bolt had been removed). She was forced to wait until either her brother or father came home, so she was sure she was safer. Her mother has been really invasive with her privacy and often did this, as well as going through her belongings whenever she isn’t at home.

She has expressed intentions of suicide multiple times throughout the past month, and I think that she is 100% serious and able to follow through.

Right now, only one other friend and I know most of the story and her intentions, and we don’t know what to do. So far, we have been trying our best through talking to her, getting her to open up more and listening to her when she needs it.

We came to reddit to ask older, more experienced people for advice:

* What are the things we should be doing? and how? The adults around us are untrustworthy and she won’t open up to her therapist. (and it’s very unlikely that she would ever)
* What should we say to her to change her perspective on things maybe?
* Since we already know that she’s going to (most likely) commit suicide, what can we do to help prevent it?

Sorry this is a bit of a long read, but this is a basic summary of what my friend and I know. As far as we know, there isn’t anything else to tell. Feel free to ask anything to clarify and I will do my best to answer with what I know.

&#x200B;

 

**Edit**

Thank you so much for all the advice and responses. My friend and I have talked it through and, I called the suicide hotline. After explaining the situation, the person told me that the best and most I could probably do is to keep supporting and being there for her. If it really comes down to it, we are prepared to call the police.

To clarify some things:

Whether we want to or not, it’s not likely we can get in contact with school anytime soon given that school starts at the end of the month and there’s three weeks to the end of the holidays. As far as I know, all the adults around me would rather I stay away rather than help which is why I asked for their help. All of our parents are quite strict as well, she’d gotten away with sleeping over at a friends place twice after running away, then calling after to tell them where she was. And when she got home, she was yelled at for a long time.

I’ve been trying to take her out as much as possible this holiday, and continue to make plans with her, keeping in mind all the advice you’ve given us. I might post again in the future, hopefully for the recovery and healing of her mental health. Thank you so much for all the support you’ve given me, and I hope this turns out well for everyone.