Why Did You Choose Student Affairs?
Hi,

I am a business school graduate working in technology consulting. I graduated with a degree in MIS, but I'm still not sure why I really chose MIS as a degree. Speaking freely, I have a really good GPA/résumé, so I landed a prestigious tech consulting gig making good money for a great company that I love--but my work is terrible. It has no human element. It's essentially programming for 9 or so hours a day. If I make it 5 years, then I'll get more human interaction, but I have no passion for programming. I really feel out of place. 

My passions are counseling ("helping people"), mentoring, event planning, being organized, and leadership. I was involved in leadership throughout my time at my large public university. I always felt though that going back and working for my alma mater or another school was somewhat like tapping out and saying I couldn't handle the "real world", no disrespect intended. (Some people perpetuate terrible myths about academia and academic support.)

Well, this past week, I've decided to say screw those who doubt me or my motivations. Screw those who say you "should do" this or this "is practical". I want to do what I want to do. And though what I hear is a "fun" field, student affairs and higher ed admin presents great growth opportunities, and I feel as if it draws on my personal strengths. 

All that said, I've applied for a great SA grad program, but the doubts continually creep back in. I'm at my current job for another 10 months, so I don't have to pay back my bonus and can save for grad school/survive until next fall. It's draining, but I'm learning a lot from it. 

I need your help though. Quitting a job is tough. Especially one that all of my friends and family envy. I'm sold on leaving. I'm an ENFJ, and what my responsibilities are for the first at least three years will drain my poor little ENFJ soul. And if education is my long term career path, I should just go for it. "Decide what to be and go be it." - The Avett Brothers. 

Oh, back to helping me. Can you share your stories and how you knew higher ed and/or student affairs was right for you. I'm really looking for encouragement as a trudge along this path towards a career that I think fits me perfectly. I'd love to hear your story though. Tell me what you love about your job. Tell me everything. It will ease my sanity. Any advice is appreciated. 

Kind regards. 

PS: Typed on iPhone—ignore mistakes. :)