My first year sales goal was 200k, and I’ve reached 1.1 million in 9 months, how do I communicate this with my boss and/or use it to my advantage while exploring more established companies to apply to?
I’m 25 years old and work in high end landscape design and construction (patios, outdoor kitchens, walls, etc.). My role for the first year has consisted of Project Manager, Designer, and Foreman actually working in the field on a couple of projects due to staff constraints. Before I joined, the company’s revenue was around 500-600k. This year, the company revenue will total 800-850k. We couldn’t produce any more work than that because there aren’t enough skilled employees, and frankly the existing employees are pretty awful (lazy, bare minimum, can’t wait to be laid off, etc.).

The company owner tried for over a year to hire a designer/manager to take over for him as he wants to move toward retirement, and I don’t think he expected me to basically take over the entirety of design/sales and crew management in the first year. My potential is limited by the size of the company and lack of skilled and motivated staff. I am confident that I could sell over 2 million in projects per year for a company that can handle that volume of work. 

I was hired in at 65k per year based on the first year sales of 200k (owner saw the first year as a transition phase for him getting out of design/sales so he took a small pay cut). I’ve sold 1.1 million, but the company literally can’t produce that amount of work in a single year, so how do I go about a hefty salary negotiation since I’m basically driving the whole damn ship for the owner? There are other companies 1-2 hours away from my current city hiring design/sales positions with salaries and great benefit packages well over 100-120k, which I feel I could absolutely achieve. 

I’m not sure what the best move is for me career wise. I don’t want to insult my current boss and ask for a massive pay increase, but I do need to explore and consider what’s best for myself and my family. I also want to feel fulfilled at work and not limited. Advice please!