If it was 100% guaranteed I would die, I'd kill myself right now
The only reason I haven't is because I am afraid no matter what I do I'll survive it somehow. I read doctor's notes for a living, I see the failed attempts. Guns, knives, pills, whatever you could find to hang yourself- nothing is absolutely going to kill you 100% of the time. And with my luck, I know I'll be one of the ones who puts a bullet in their brain and comes out the other side with the mentality of a child. And I am not about to attempt to kill myself, survive unharmed, and deal with all that bullshit fallout.

It's just so fucking hard. All of it is. When I was in elementary school I would tell myself: "Just make it to middle school and we'll get better."
Middle school comes, "Just make it to high school and we'll get better" 
High school: "Just make it to college and we'll be better." College: "Just graduate and get a job and we'll get better."

And now I'm graduated and have a job, and I'm still not better. It doesn't get better. All of these things I've told myself over the years are lies. 

I hate myself. I hate my brain. I fucking hate living. I'm not a religious person, but I pray everyday that the cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs will start doing their jobs and finally fucking kill me. Suicide is a constant thought in my mind. It's the white noise of my brain. When I'm falling asleep, I'm thinking of taking my grandfather's gun out of the safe and finally ending it. I imagine it, everyday, all day. I can't remember the last time a day went by when I didn't.

You wanna know the worst part? My life isn't even that bad. I've never been abused or raped or anything traumatic like that. I have a mother who adores me. A husband who would do anything for me. A dog, who has been my best friend for the past 13 years. I make decent money and don't live an extravagant lifestyle or have kids, so I'm not broke. I'm just a gal who's brain is fucked and can't even call a doctor to schedule an appointment without having a goddamn panic attack. It's pathetic, sickening, and a disgrace to the people who actually deal with real problems.

I just really needed to rant. Sorry.