my mother and i
I just started crying in front of my mom today for several reasons but none of which my mom thinks it is. I might think nothing of this tomorrow and will probably delete this post tomorrow but for now, I need a source to get it out somewhere so I can study.

  
I come from an old school Korean background so it's typical for moms to not really listen to personal stories of their children unless under VERY special circumstances. My mom is pretty nice and unique so she likes to be more friend-like with me so we talk (one way) to each other a lot (and I'm an only child so things can get boring). I like to tell my mom frustrating stories of my friends which I empathize about because it's fun and sometimes helpful to hear her opinion. She rarely does give any comments to any of my stories. My mom's not the type of person who speaks a few words, in fact, she talks a lot. The problem is she likes to talk a lot about things she wants to according to her mood. I've always been matching myself to riding her tide in a conversation and I feel like that habit gets her into some trouble at work. 

  
Recently, I've been \*blossoming\* into my late teens and my relationship with my mom has gotten better. Amid my puberty, we were literally at each others' necks (ok, well, to be fair she entered menopause too). When I'm giving her one of my stories of the day, the glint in her eye tells me she's somewhere else in her world. I don't know if it is because I'm still immature or not, but I find this unfair. For years I've been listening to her stories whether I liked it or not but that's not exactly the reason why I'm upset. My mom likes to do many activities after work, like exercising, shopping and learning more English (through Netflix shows). I'm totally okay with my mom wanting to do the activities she wants to do but I just wish she would listen to some of my stories. I never ask her to listen to what I'm stressing about at school because that makes me more stressed out, but I just want her to listen to one of my random stories. This really helps out a lot. On purpose, I try not to talk to her when she's busy doing something at home or when she's enjoying her free time. I only try to talk to her when we're finishing off dinner and that's when she's in her greatest mood. For all the Asians out there, you might tell me to suck it up, but I really don't have anyone to talk to because this kind of links to family stuff that I don't want to share and my dad worked far away since I was small so I don't feel any connections to him (all he talks about, IF he does, is world history which is probably inaccurate on his side).  
I've tried to seriously talk to my mom about it, but she would make a huge turn in the conversation and scold me for something recently I did wrong, which is always linked to Korean manners and I always don't understand what I did wrong because I was born in Canada. 

  
I know talking about this sounds like boasting but compared to other kids I don't really ask for much (although I should ask myself about why my marks are like that in school). I earn my own spending money and the only time I really get anything from my parents is during Christmas and my birthday (and those two are in close proximity so I really just get one big gift). This excludes the afterschool activities I go to and the very few vacations I went on when I was younger.  
My mom likes to focus on how much money she spends on me because I go to extra math classes after school. What I really want is for her to realize my mental health would do so much better if she could listen to my random (maybe boring) stories once every day for a maximum of 15 mins.

  
Oh, and my mom only listens to me when I give her advice about socializing at work (she's bad at it and she admits it too). I really don't like that because my mom knows I have scarring memories from fRiEnDs using me as an advice bot. 

  
How can I get the message across to my mom that I need a little time to vent in front of her?