Struggling to find work in my field and I want to change careers, but not sure what the smartest steps during a time like this.
I recently graduated with a B.S. degree in IT and moved to Raleigh for a help desk specialist position. Just two months into my contract, COVID-19 wrecked the company and cuts were made. My contract  was cut almost a month ago and so far the competition has skyrocketed and I  can’t find work in IT. Filled for unemployment and I have enough saved for 3-4 months.

Its been almost a month and I keep getting told that there are hiring freezes. Other problem is that people with more experience have also lost their job and are picking up all the temp work. When I first moved to the area I had 4 interviews the first week and had a job the second week...

Before I went for my degree I was already interested in Web dev and had taken some free courses online.  I took two classes in web development at college that covered html and css and some JavaScript. Reinforced that I really enjoyed it.

Since then I got caught up with my classes and other areas in IT. I  graduated and moved to Raleigh for the help desk job thinking I was  going to pursue something in IT.  I honestly have not enjoyed my help desk role and have no interest in other fields in IT.

Web dev has been in the back of my mind for years. Being let go from work has given me a lot of time to think about things. I started learning again and really want to pursue it.

I am concerned about the economy. Competition for jobs are up and I know that even before COVID-19 competition is high for entry web dev jobs. So I am concerned that I may struggle to find work in what looks to be a recession. But so far I have had no luck finding work in IT anyways...

Another thought. I have no job currently and my experience points to me trying to find a new help desk job.  But I want to change my career focus. The pressure to get a help desk job is to get that first 1-2  years experience in IT. However, I am not sure that I should be focused on that if I want to do web dev.  So maybe its ok if I choose alternative work while I work on getting a web dev job? If I decide to go back to IT in 6 months I can excuse my absence easily because of COVID-19.

sorta tldr:

So to sum it up, I dont know if I want to try to compete for a job I dont want. If I wanted to pursue IT I should be getting certs and working on homelabs and stuff. I should be pushing to make connections and writing cover letters and fine tuning my resume. All for something I do not want longterm. But whats the alternative? Work at Target or something that pays near poverty wages until I get a portfolio together and start applying for web dev positions. I could theoretically make that work. I havent been approved for unemployment yet so here's hoping for that (I worked all through college).

Competition will be high and if I want to change my career focus I am not sure where I should be focused. Not everyone reading this will understand the differences in IT and web dev, but could have a say in switching careers in a time like this. I do believe the degree relates enough to look good for jobs, but I will need to build a portfolio.

Thoughts? advice?