Someone else in my skin would be happy, I've no right to be depressed and sinking into alcoholism, yet here I am
I'm a mid 20s male, college graduate, living in a big city, have a great job. Yet I think about suicide every day. But I feel like I don't have a right to. Other people don't have a lot of the things I have. I'm objectively very lucky and have everything I could want to be happy. So why is life so hard?

I've started drinking almost every day. I'll go to the bar alone and drink. I'll drink until I get sleepy. Then I go home, and sleep. The next morning I wake up, go to the gym, and go to work. Then after work I hit the bar again. Alone.

I'm just so lonely. Why don't people like me. I try not to be an asshole. I really do. I don't think I'm an asshole? But I think people are uncomfortable around me. I think I sour their moods. I try not to be negative though. I try really hard.

I feel my youth wasting away. I feel the passage of time very heavily. These are supposed to be some great years. Maybe even the best yesrs. Single, big city, acceptably good looking. College certainly wasn't the best years for me. So maybe this is when my life is "supposed to" peak?

But I have no friends. I have no one to hang out with. I don't have a girlfriend. I have no one I connect with deeply.

I've tried cognitive behavioral therapy. But as soon as I stopped going (feeling like I was fixed) the problems began again. I've been medicated for depression consistently for years now. I've even added exercise to my routine at the behest of my doctor. Improved my diet. Stopped smoking weed. I feel like I've done everything.

What can I do now? I feel trapped. I wish I would just die. Life has been very kind to me, and my stupid ass can't take advantage of it. Someone with a better personality or someone more capable would have a very happy life in my skin.

I think of killing myself every day. I won't do it. But the thought, that's not normal right?

This turned into a rant and I apologize for that.