I NEED GUY ADVICE!!!
I need advice on guys. Recently I went to Canada to go and visit family friends with my mom and my brother. There are three guys and they have always acted like cousins to us. One guy who is 19 has always been close to me I’m 15. During winter break me and him were watching Netflix in a twin bed and he put his arm around me. After he put his arm around me and my mom walked into the room and yelled at us on how this is not lady like on my behalf. She left the room and later I pause the movie because of the awkward tension between us. My mom pulled him aside without me knowing and asked him if he liked me. He said he didn’t know his feelings towards me in that way. The next day at night he asked my brother if he wanted to watch TV. My brother said no because he was tired so when the 19-year-old walked past me I suggested we could watch Netflix. Earlier that day it was his birthday and he got a new phone. So I said I could help him set it up before we watch Netflix. I sat on his bed waiting for him to get changed into comfy clothes in the bathroom. After a while everyone in the house fell sleep and I asked him if we were still going to watch Netflix. He said yes and put on a new movie for us to watch. We watched the hunger games. His arm was uncomfortable so I suggested he put his arm around me. He sat there for a while and I told him I wanted snacks. I told him to come with me because I had to walk all the way downstairs and it was dark. After we got snacks we went upstairs and he sat on the inside of the bed closest to the wall and he got mad because he’s bigger than me. I told him that I should lay on the outside because I was gonna go to bed soon. When he went to lay on the inside of the bed he put his arm on the pillow. So when I would lay down his arm would be behind me. He put his arm around me without asking me. After 10 minutes he slid his arm down my waist and kept it there. I put my head on his chest and we watched the movie for an hour. I got tired and suggested that I should go to bed. He told me that I should stay longer because we were both comfortable. I told him I had to go to bed because I was tired and we were gonna wake up early the next day to hang out with family. When I went back to my room I did not know what just happened. The next night he asked me if I wanted to watch Netflix. At this point I do not know if he likes me or not because I didn’t think anyone would act this way towards someone they don’t like. He had his arm around my waist. We were comfortable with each other. Expected that I was most likely going to go to bed and he wouldn’t argue for me to stay longer. I went to bed at 3 AM and we both had to wake up at 8 AM to go skiing. While we were skiing I fell down and he picked me up. To make sure I wouldn’t fall down again he put his arm around my waist. He asked me if I wanted to do it an all nighter. He later fell asleep because he was tired from skiing all day. I woke him up and asked if he still wanted to watch Netflix and he said yes. He later fell asleep. The next day I told him why didn’t he stay awake so we can watch Netflix because it was my last night there. He said I was supposed to wake him up again and got mad at me. The day we went skiing was my last day in Canada and I was leaving the next day so it was our last chance to cuddle and watch Netflix. I like him and I don’t know if he likes me back I’m scared to tell him how I feel if he doesn’t like me back. Do you guys think he likes me or not?