30 day challenge of asking how new ladies
So I have a heart condition that is getting worse and worse, I may not have much time left on the earth. I am seeing a heart specialist about getting a defibrillator placed in my heart, but that has its own list of complications and risk.ANYWAYS, i am 26 yr old male.  I decided that since I may die at any moment due to sudden cardiac death, why not take risk in the dating world. Because of this I am going to be on a 30 day challenge of asking out a  minimum 1 new girl each week, a total stranger, it could be a gorgeous girl i see at the grocery store, or a cute girl at the gym. No more going back and forth in my head "cmon man, just walk up to her, tell her shes beautiful and ask for her number" I am just gonna do it.will keep yall updated on how this goes each week.   Give this  an upvote to hold myself accountable.  


EDIT\*\*\*   
 okay so I asked this girl out from the library, she was sitting in the cubicle next to me, ive seen her around and we have exchanged words in the past so she isnt a total stranger, but we are going to dinner Tuesday night! (:

Edit 2/13/19
Sooo went out last night with the girl. Dinner went great, she had a blast. She left her juul in my car last  night and she wants to hangout today and have me drop it off(hanging out the next day seems like a slippery slope, so I told her I would swing by on my way to work and drop it off).   I also have a hilarious NSFW story about the date but Idk if it would ruin the wholesomeness of the post, so maybe I'll just keep it to myself....anyways dinner went great and she invited me to go see hippie sabotage with her, not sure If I'm gonna take her up on that.   
Have a really busy work schedule the rest of the week but hope to ask out at least one more girl by Sunday. 

EDIT 3-10-19
sorry for being totally awful at updating this. Okay so it's basically been around 30 days. I've been super busy with work and applying for grad school. Anyways...um life's been great! Having another doctors appointment the end of the month. The ladies have been great! TBH I started getting really picky with the girls I felt worth asking, only cause I really wanted to be excited about talking to the girl. One big issue I ran into was that the girls seemed to be much more interested than I was. One girl I've been seeing regularly, I go over to her place and she's made me dinner and I've taken her on a few dates, starting to know her sister pretty well also. This is bad cause Idk if I'm looking for a LTR. 
Another girl has been a blast hanging out with, but she seems more invested than I am. We are going camping next weekend so I'm thrilled about that. 
Another girl was really sweet, I started up a convo with her about her shirt and then got her number that way, haven't gone out with her, not all that interested. 
Another girl just wanted to be a booty call but I'm not looking for any hookups so that was short lived. 
I've also been interested in asking out a coworker but I've heard from others she has a bf, however she's never expressed that to me. So not sure what to do.
All in all I'm definitely gonna keep this mentality up, I've learned you got to be selective with who you ask, you can't just ask every girl you find attractive cause you need more than just physical attraction to keep interest. It's been a great experience and I would love to read how yalls attempts went!
Happy Sunday!