She fooled me again. My heart hurts and I really need someone to talk to...please.
My ex and I began talking and spending time together again over the past few weeks. This whole time she has made me believe she is back in love with me and that we're on the track to dating again. This past weekend, she stayed with me. We had a fun time, and re-experienced emotions and intimacy that hadn't been explored since back when we were dating. The final night she was here, we had sex but it only lasted a few minutes before she was claiming she was too sore "down there" and it didn't feel good for her. I respected it, and so we got dressed and cuddled up to watch a movie. I didn't see it as a red flag at the time, because aside from the sex incident, she was very affectionate and touchy/kissy with me....telling me how much she "loved me" and had missed being with me. 

So the next day we both get off work and decide to go out and get sushi, then go see "Captain Phillips"(Would recommend btw, great movie.) Everything seemed fine...we had a great conversation at dinner, then she was latched onto my arm during the movie and kissing on me and cuddling up to me. We get out of the movie kiss, say our goodbyes/iloveyous and part ways. 

Then things just stop. She quit answering my calls, texting me and essentially started ignoring me. Tonight I finally demanded that she give me an explanation and after much prying, she finally tells me this: "to be honest, having sex with you didn't feel right at all. maybe we've fallen out of love". WTF? She waits until now to tell me....after staying with me, cuddling, kissing, saying she loves me, and letting me pay for her dinner/movie? She essentially used me so that she could FEEL like she was in a relationship and get my affection.....She led me on. I feel fooled, tricked, mad at her, mad at myself for trusting her and letting myself fall for her again. Why would she string me along like that just to abruptly tell me she doesn't want anything between us anymore? She didn't apologize or anything. She only cares about her own feelings. I'm honestly pretty hurt right now. She fucked with my head and emotions like that and she has no remorse about it. I feel stupid and used. 

EDIT: Turns out shes been fucking some guy she used to talk to. Started the very night we went to the movies. Right afterwards. How can someone be such a shitty person....I feel even worse now.