My brother is turning down his dream job, how do I persuade him to make a leap of faith?
This is not for myself, this is for my brother, but he’ll never post or ask for help, so I’m doing it for him.

My brother is 18 years old, left school last summer, and has been working in a high end fashion/furniture store as a Sales Assistant. He has been there for over half a year now and is thinking of his next step. He enjoys the fashion industry and ideally would want to continue and grow in this field, ideally into more the Design side than just Retail. Retail is a cool start, but it's low pay, hard work and weekend shifts. Not ideal.

Through a networking event at work he got in contact with a Senior Manager from Chanel, and after asking my brother to sketch a super quick design and talking for a good hour, he invited my brother to a week long trial.

The catch? The company is in Paris, France, and we live in London, UK. My brother loves French culture, listens to French music, but his French is basic at best.

The week long trial would be a working interview of sorts during Paris Fashion Week, which my brother has been going on about for years, for a full time job, again in Paris.

My brother, after thinking for some time, has decided not to go. He feels he isn’t ready and is too young. However I feel this is lack of confidence and nerves talking, this is literally his dream job and even if they don’t hire him after the week, the expense of being there for 1 week is surely worth the experience and putting it on your CV? I also think that since he’s in his first serious relationship, and works with the girl in his current workplace, that could be swaying his opinion, although he denies this.

What do you guys think? Should I butt out or push him to leap for this? I understand he's young, but this company is on another level to others and this could be a one-in-a-million chance.

TLDR: 18yo Brother is turning down his dream job designing at Chanel because they’re in another country and he doesn’t feel ready.