I have no hope that I can survive in society.
Yesterday, my mother admitted to me that if she had the power to have me put down peacefully like a family pet, she would do it.

I turn 26 in a few months.

I am hyper sensitive. I get easily drained by very insignificant actions. Things like going to my therapist take less than 3 hours out of my day but leave me feeling unable to do anything for a day afterwards. I also suffer from very bad allergies. My room has to be kept as a clean room, no clothing or bodies that are not washed or showered are allowed in. When guests visit, I have to be sure I sit in MY spot, or else them sitting with outside clothes in the place I normally sit will cause me to have sneezing, itchy and painful throat, and clogged sinuses which often leads to infections. 

When I worked a 15 hour a week job, I became so drained both physically and mentally that I could no longer keep my relationship healthy. I lost contact with every nearby friend I had. I ate only boxed meals because I had no energy to make anything healthier. I no longer enjoyed gaming or writing, two hobbies that normally distract from my depression. I would get home from work and make my food and sleep, or watch YouTube until I could sleep.

My entire life is a burden. A huge financial burden. I am keeping my mother and sister from being able to save for their retirements.

I have to earn money and live on my own eventually, but doing so will only cause me to no longer enjoy anything in my life. But not earning money makes me a burden and puts me into a depression because I'm burdening everyone around me and I am only alive for three reasons.

1- I am terrified of death.

2- The people who care about me don't want me to die.

3- I am greedy and have things I want to see or experience.

I don't have any hope that I will ever be able to live a normal life. I don't think I will ever have a job that doesn't take over my entire existence and cause me to be depressed. But I also know I will continue to be depressed because I'm actively harming the people who care about me.

I want to help people. I want to create things that make others lives worth living. But I know, statistically, I won't ever be able to obtain a living doing anything remotely like that and even if I did, it would drain me into depression regardless.

I wish I believed anything could change. But I stopped believing in that years ago. Every time I leave the house or even Skype call a friend... After its over I just have this instinctual gut feeling of, "thank the universe that is over. I never want to do that again." But I always do. Because everyone says I need to leave the house and have friends. But how many times do I have to slam my face into the brick wall before others will acknowledge the brick wall exists for me and they just can't see it?

But then there ARE some rare times where I enjoy things. 

But it's like fucking gambling. I've lived for 25 solid years and I can think of all the times I've been happy with my life... And it adds up to maybe 2 to 3 years of it. 

What if I live another 25 and that number stays consistent? Is 50 years worth living if I can only look back on 5-6 years of that and say I was happy? 

I feel like I should quit now while the ratio is slightly more likely to be less dismal. I'm terrified that is only going to get worse. I'm going to live till I'm 100 somehow and the number of years worth living for will still be only 8 or so.

I don't know what to do. I'm so tired all the time. Tired of crying. Tired of trying so hard for things that others do like it's nothing.