Preparing For A Baby: A Single Mom's Guide
At the end of 2015. I found myself pregnant with my now 20 month old son. It was not planned, I was not in a position to rely on my son's father, and I've always been poor. I did have a full-time job, a beater car, and an affordable rental home but almost no cash or resources to spare in preparing for my first child. I thought I'd write up a post that may help other women (or fathers/couples!) in a similar situation and explain some of the things I did or learned along the way that really helped me. 


1) I applied for pregnancy Medicaid. I received this immediately and it covered ALL of my routine ob/gyn visits as well as almost the entire labor and delivery. I  had an emergency c-section and ended up staying in the hospital with my son for 9 days. Medicaid covered almost the entire bill; I ended up owing about $200 after the hospital stay but the hospital I delivered at had a financial program for low-income women (you have to ask!!) so my final out-of-pocket cost was $40. Absolutely amazing considering what it costs to have a baby and I was able to attend all appointments and never thought twice about having to see my doctor unexpectedly for issues along the way. All of my prescriptions during pregnancy and for three months afterwards, were absolutely free so ask your doctor to prescribe prenatal vitamins. You should take them anyway but buying them OTC is expensive so get them free from the pharmacy by telling your doctor you need a prescription because of cost. It does seem though that the quality/availability of care through Medicaid is very dependent on your geographical location as I've spoken with other mothers who did not have such an easy or good time with pregnancy Medicaid. Talk to your case manager when you sign up and ask about your best options. It really pays to do your own research as the system is usually really overwhelmed and your case manager only has so much time/effort/care they can give you.  Also, sign up for WIC and SNAP right NOW. 


2) Lean on your family and friends. Everyone loves a new baby! I was very, very fortunate in that I have an incredible, supportive family. My sister bought me so many gifts that I'm not sure I could of done it without her. My dad assembled so much baby equipment and furniture for me that it was basically a second job for him. Cousins, aunts, co-workers, friends all bought gifts. Do not be shy about accepting them or telling them exactly what you need if they ask. Which leads me to number 3.


3) Have a baby shower. If you don't have anyone close enough to you that will throw one for you, plan it yourself. It absolutely does not have to cost a ton of money. You can make cheap but good foods like cold pasta salad and hamburgers; just host it at your home or in a public park (weather permitting of course) to save on a party hall rental. I know this seems like a social sin to throw your own baby shower but you have to do what you have to do and most people won't care anyway. People will bring gifts so I would highly suggest creating a registry. When I was pregnant , babies r us was still around and they had a million options at a million price points. They even gave you a gift card worth 10% of the final amount of things bought off your registry a few months after your due date so search around online for the store offering the best options for deals near you. Even if you don't have a shower, create a registry at any store that offers incentives. Add the items you're going to purchase for yourself and then buy them off the registry to get the incentives. 


4) STOCKPILE. I knew I would not be paid for any type of maternity leave so I began buying supplies I knew I'd need immediately to have them on hand when I was out of work after my son's birth. This GREATLY reduced my financial burden and the accompanying stress because I didn't have to worry about diapers, wipes, etc. Every month of my pregnancy, I bought at least one jumbo box of diapers and one jumbo box of wipes. I also suggest buying bulk sale items when you come across them and have the extra money. I have not bought diaper rash cream, baby lotion/shampoo/soap, or baby sunscreen since I was pregnant because I still have stockpiles of it and my son is now 20 months. I managed this by buying a ton of it whenever I came across a good sale. You will always end up using it and most products have a very long shelf-life. If an item(s) is very heavily discounted and you know for certain that you will need it but not for 9 months or so, I'd buy it as long as you can store it. It's also helpful to stock up on children's Tylenol and such because when you live alone, there is no one you can send to the store at 2 am when baby has a teething fever. 


5) Buy what you can second-hand and then resell it when you no longer need it. Bassinets, pack-and-plays, clothes, etc. Browse thrift stores and places like Once Upon A Child very frequently because they get new items often and you have to be quick when something good comes in. Buy clothes in sizes 1-2 up when you come across good deals on them because you're going to need them soon anyway. I bought my son clothes all the way up until size 12 months when I was pregnant and never had to buy any the first year of his life. Also try Facebook marketplace, Craig's List, and friends with growing children. Do not worry about fancy equipment like electric bottle warmers or lace dresses, buy basic. If baby is clean, fed, and well looked after, it does not matter if his outfit is trendy or if you have a baby wipe warmer. I had never been around babies so I solicited the advice of a million different websites and almost every parent I came across. Gather information about what you'll really actually need and use vs. what you want or are not sure about.


6) Sign up for coupons. Companies love to throw coupons and the occasional free item at new parents. Sign up for formula coupons (I know for sure that both enfamil and similac offer them) even if you plan on breastfeeding. They'll bombard your mailbox with good sized samples and substantial coupons. Look online for rewards programs like the one Pampers offers, too. Sign up for all of it. This is questionably ethical but I also had my sister sign up for the same coupons using her address and my due date. I was able to use twice the amount of coupons this way. 

7) Find out about subsidized daycare. There may be a waiting list so see if you can get on it now and research the daycares that accept it. Research and apply for every single social program available BEFORE baby arrives. 

8) This last part is mostly for the women who are doing it alone like me. Do not be scared to ask for help whenever you need it. I was and I suffered. I look back now and wish I just would of spoken up. If you need a break (and you will) from baby, please reach out to someone you trust who can babysit for a few hours while you take a nap or do something for yourself. Do not burn yourself out because your mental health and parenting skills will suffer. Look into mommy groups, talk with other women online, see a therapist, whatever you need to do. I have found that most of the women in my situation are desperate for friends who understand what they go through so find some. Don't let anyone make you feel ashamed. Ever. These things happen, we do what we need to in order to survive, and we love our children. PM me if you need to talk. Pursue child support adamantly. The state will file for you if you receive assistance but you really have to stay on top of them to actually achieve anything. Also, don't rely too heavily on the child support. Think of it as extra cash because if you end up losing it or never getting it or whatever, it won't hurt your finances so badly. Caring for a baby alone is SO FUCKING HARD and if it ever gets easier, I'll be sure to let you know but it is possible to do it. 


Edit: This is getting some attention so I wanted to add one more bit of advice. If you haven't put any effort into it before, it's now the time to construct a plan for financial longevity. For me personally, this meant education. Be honest with yourself about the amount of effort you are really willing and able to put in so that your plans/goals are achievable and grounded in reality. It's great to dream big but don't end up racking up debt in an attempt to get a BA in your childhood dream field of philosophy only to drop out after two semesters because life is hard (it is!) or eventually graduate with hefty loans with no job prospects. Don't put it off either. It's going to be really difficult but it's going to be difficult in our type of situation anyway so try to do something that will put you in a better earning position within a few years.