I feel like I'm disappointing everyone close to me and slowly starting to lose the people I care about the most
I'm usually not one to come here and talk about what's bothering me or what's going on in my life but I have lost the only people I can talk to. I feel like if I keep this all in and don't say anything then it might become a problem to my health. I'm sorry if this sounds whiny, just gonna give it the best I can.

I recently got out of a lengthy relationship with the girl of my dreams. I know everyone says that about they're SO but this girl was absolute perfection. Perfect in every way and perfect for me. Due to unfortunate circumstances, we split. I don't know what to do anymore. I'm a pretty good looking guy (don't know how to say that without sounding like a huge tool) so talking to other girls isn't an issue but I just don't have any interest in talking to anyone besides her. I could seriously tell her anything, no fear of judgement she would just listen and comfort and now I've lost that. I want whatever's best for her, to be happy whether its with me or not because she deserves that. I love this girl to death but I have no idea how I am suppose to move on with this.

On another plate, I have my family. Everyone in my family has done pretty well for themselves. Lawyers, doctors, etc. Safe to say that my family has a pretty high bar for hard work. I'm the only one who doesn't take everything so seriously. Everyone managed to get 4.5 gpas and straight A's and I managed to get some Bs and Cs . I am not going to a high end college to pursue a career interest that I have, I have no interests so far. I'm going to a college in state to save money and not waste it at a school where I don't know what I want to do. All of this constantly disappoints my parents. They deny it but it most definitely does. They won't even talk to me at times and its becoming harder to deal with day in and day out. I just feel like I'm the son who isn't going to do anything with his life.

My friends are off to college, my family ignores me and I have nobody to talk to about anything anymore. I have nothing to look forward to and nothing to do to deal with it all. At this point, what is the point? What is the point of all of this? I try so hard to give and not ask for anything in return. Is it too much to just ask for a break? I feel ridiculous for complaining about my problems when people have it so much worse than I do, I can barely deal with my problems and I feel pathetic about it. Does that make me a bad person? If I can barely deal with these problems now then how will I deal with the problems I'll have after college? All I really want is for those I care about to be happy whether or not I'm apart of their life, they're happiness is what is most important to me.

Thanks for reading if you did, I just needed some place to let go and say what I needed to.