Some stuff men might not admit (Serious)
A little long, but worth the read.

I think a lot of men forget that other men are *typically* very similar to them, I would even go so far as to argue that when it comes to day to day things, and dating, most straight men are pretty similar, or at least have similar experiences, even some of my gay friends can relate to the issues I and other straight friends have. If some men want to disagree or provide their own takes in the comments, I welcome them as long as they're civil. I'd also like to say that men who will use this to jusitfy abusive behavior can GTFO. I'm going to talk about unintentionally toxic behavior, and emotional issues.

Now, obviously we know that even today it's considered a faux pax for men to express their emotions. This is not a woman bashing post, but lets be real here, when girls say their want a guy who's open with their feelings, they usually have a specific exchange or circumstance in mind, both myself, my brother, and friends have had women, especially, but not exclusively, those who aren't dating them, or who are just in the talking phase, turn their backs when things got rough for the guy. I have *straight up* told women that I'm feeling kind of lonely or down, and been outright accused of trying to get in their pants, or been told I'm being dramatic, and yes, even to "man up."

Today's dating world has become so toxic for men, online guys match with a fraction of the women they "like", even the hottest dude on tinder will get less matches than an average looking girl. My younger brother is a genuinely good looking dude, I'd even admit that sometimes I wish I looked a tad more like him, though I am still confident in myself, that' s not the point. He made a tinder after his breakup, and his girlfriend did the same, in the first WEEK my brother had a few dozen matches, his ex, who was cute, but not a dime by any means had over 200. I had a similar experience after my breakup. My point is: women have a smorgasbord of choices, men have slim pickings, and don't even get me started about dating in public.

Personally I have luck sometimes, and that's they keyword, sometimes. To the guys out there, most of the men you see with a woman on his arm, or successfully flirting at a bar are likely having their "sometimes" that night, and I imagine when you've had yours, more than a few dudes looked longingly. The constant temptation of online dating, and being able to see "other options" has made it insurmountably difficult for guys, especially those who might have a "normal job" or "average looks" to hold the attention of a woman. And to an extent, can we blame girls for picking top shelf? I would if I could, but the reality is that I just want someone I feel a natural connection with, and I know for a fact men tend to have a lower bar, or more flexible standards. They're more willing to overlook flaws, while women have to truly love a man for this to be the case, I've definitely torpedoed my chance with one word or misunderstood sentence before, while a woman saying something questionable during a date might not even phase me.

Men, simply put, want physical interaction as much as anyone else. Not sex, but just a touch, a kiss, a hand to hold, and lot of men in our generation have gone months, maybe even a year or two since they've been able to feel even so much as a flutter in their heart about someone. Today it seems to almost be a rat race to see who gets the girl, and women wonder why guy's act like cocks when they're rejected, or if the woman loses interest. Yeah, some guys are ego-maniacal, but most are just lonely, hurt, and angry. It's true that men's ego's are easy to inflate, but that's not a bad thing! I cannot tell you how many times some flirty eyes have boosted my confidence, reassured me that I'm a good looking dude, and that I can approach people and start a conversation. It still happens, but seems punctuated by rejection and failure, and it puts dudes in a dark place. I've heard girls talk about how they wish men still approached them, but with all the toxicity online, and in the news with guys being (justifiably) accused of sexual misconduct, it makes considerate men second guess their approaches, or even the thought of chit chatting with the girl in the elevator, or sitting alone at the bar. And often when a woman does appreciate a man's approach, she puts him in a box, because she feels safe calling him her friend. Once again, not to suggest women are obligated, but there's almost a stigma nowadays against dating your friend, when IMO, and most guy's opinion, your SO should be your best friend.

I guess I'll wrap this up by simply saying to my fellow single men, we're all in this boat together. It's not unusual to feel sad or alone, and most dudes are trying just as hard as you to "get the girl" whether it be online, at the bar, or anywhere for that matter. And to the women, please understand that most men are *not* pigs, and that showing venerability really isn't a sign of weakness, but a sign of a man who truly just wants the most basic degree of human interaction. With so much going on in the world, and with all of us trying to build successful lives, I think we've begun to neglect the human connections. To most men sex is an acceptable substitute, but not the replacement for healthy dating life, and "all we want" is to feel the warmth of your body next to ours. We're soft, emotional creatures just like you, but it's society's views on masculinity that create a hard shell that might seem scary at first. I implore both men and women to give each other chances, make plans a week out, put aside things for a dinner date, and give people a fighting chances before going back to swiping. So much ugliness in the world could be solved if we just let love take root before ripping it out, or dashing it away.

Once again, I welcome comments/opinions, or your own experiences, just please keep it respectful, even if you disagree or object.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I should just reiterate again, this is not some sort of indictment on women, or an anti women post, I have the upmost respect for women, but I also do treat them as equals, love/friendship is a two way street. I'm giving a man's perspective here, and perhaps providing some insight that *some* women might not have. The big keyword here is *some* I can't paint everyone with a broad brush, therefore I'm speaking in generalities.

EDIT 2: Any gay bashing, or saying that I am gay, should be gay, etc will be reported. The whole point of this post is to show that straight men aren't all emotionally dry beings, not a huge fan of the term "toxic masculinity" but if anything calling another man gay for opening up about his vulnerabilities is toxic and IMO indicates your own insecurities.

EDIT 3: WOMEN, please, by all means, give us dudes some advice! That's what this page is for. I'm posting from my perspective, but if there's some kind of holy grail we're missing, show us the way, it will make things a lot easier for all of us!