Took a new job, moved for it, turns out I absolutely HATE it. Now feeling kind of lost.
I am a 30F scenic artist. Think of all the fantastical scenery at Disney and Universal parks - I do that. I grew up in a southern Midwest city with a handful of scenic shops and after college worked my way up to making 40k a year at one shop which was... not well managed. I love what I did there, but the place was a veritable shitshow. I honestly didn't think anywhere could be worse.

Around mid December I finally got fed up and started applying to new jobs. I accepted one as the lead painter at a shop in a much larger midwest city about 5 hours away from home. It was offering 65k a year. I thought this would be my big break into management, and then maybe I could leverage my way into art direction. I rented a place, my husband stayed behind in our hometown to get our house ready to sell and work with his company to get a transfer up here. He is a jeweler and doesn't make much himself, but he loves what he does and I don't want to make him miserable by asking that he find a job outside of his industry. 

I've been here just over a month and I LOATHE IT. The owner is a psychopath and the shop reeks of fear. Projects are horribly mismanaged and the art director is an idiot who contradicts himself every other day, despite having *written confirmation* of his previous decisions. I've never worked in such an uncomfortable environment before. I want to quit and move back home to my extended family and my husband and my cute little house, but I feel like I will be stuck in a low level position at one of the few shops there if I stay in the industry.

What I would love to do is start my own shop, but financially that's not really in the cards at the moment. How the hell do I leverage my skills (painting, fiberglass, bondo/bodywork, small powertools) into a better paying job so we can pay down some school debts, rebuild our savings (that I basically ruined by moving out here), and eventually get to a point where I can realize my dream of running my own shop?

My other, non-art related skills are experience with word/excel, a knack for googling and ability to troubleshoot most minor computer problems, experience with most Adobe suite products (in particular PS and Illustrator, with some knowledge of InDesign), and fairly strong written communication skills (lit minor in college)..

I'm not even looking for a job in my industry anymore. Just something that pays well that I can jump into without much training, that has half decent benefits, where I can hit my 40 and go home to try and plan out my future business. What should I be looking for?

Edit: I flaired this as qualifications as I'm mostly looking for what industry I can jump to with my current skills or with little training, but if someone thinks a different flair might fit better I'll change it to that.