I finally made it out of poverty, but it came at a significant cost.
I am not saying that my path is one that anyone should take. It’s not necessarily a good way or the best way. It is different than most of what I have read on this sub, so thought I would share. Here are some things about me:

22F, mixed race, born to single teen parent and grew up really poor, chronically mentally ill.

Based off of my general demographics, it was very unlikely that I’d make it out of poverty. From the beginning I suffered from food, home and hygiene insecurity. Mental illness runs in my family. My earliest memory of being depressed started was at 8 years old. We couldn’t afford a doctor, so this manifested in my life. It was in these moments that I promised myself I would do absolutely whatever it took to get out of poverty. 

I got my first job when I was 15 and I got a taste of what it felt like to make my own money. After a life of poverty, I felt like I had power and control. At the same time I was really struggling to manage school and my mental illness. I had a terrible boyfriend at the time who made me have sex with him. I first started to see myself as a sexual object. My 4.0gpa slipped to a 3.5gpa. I decided to go to alternative school at the local community college. I was able to take college classes to get high school credits, paid for by the school district. This allowed me to have a more flexible schedule and graduate earlier with college credits. 

My home life was terrible. My parent was never around, always at work to afford my sibling and I. So I had very little supervision. I was left to my own devices and got in a lot of trouble. At 17 I ended up getting kicked out. I went and lived with a friend for a while. I will never be able to thank them enough for taking me in. I graduated and dropped out of community college for the first time. I got sick of making minimum wage and brainstormed what job I was qualified to do and paid well. The very best I could think of was being a stripper. So on my 18th birthday, I went to a strip club and auditioned. I got the job and started working. I made really good money at that job. This didn’t mean much though, considering that I was 18 and extremely irresponsible. 

I decided to give college another try, so I enrolled in the local university using student loans. I moved into the dorms and went to class for a few weeks. I dropped out my first term due to mental illness and having no support structure. 

A year passed and my boyfriend at the time had cheated on me. We broke up and I soon realized that I needed to work on myself. I was a massively depressed 19 year old stripper with no future. I was suicidal and could barely make myself get out of bed to take a shower. I pretty much just slept all day and worked enough to afford bills. 

Although my life was in shambles, I always had money. Stripping was a very lucrative job. I decided to get help for my mental illness and saw a psychiatrist. I tried various medications and it took about 5 tries to get the right one. I spent a lot of time feeling like a zombie. He prescribed me an antipsychotic and within a week I was a completely changed person. For the first time in a very long while, I felt happy. 

I kept working and when I was 20 decided to go back to college for a third time. At the time I was already 15k in debt from dropping out twice. I decided to do a technical associates degree at a local community college. The entire cost for the program was 14k. I received merit based scholarships specifically meant for technical degrees. I got these by submitting my high school transcripts and writing essays. I earned enough scholarships that I got the entire program paid for. My boyfriend at the time made me quit stripping, so I became a bikini barista. This job paid really well also, with low work hours. He made me quit that job and we broke up. 

I applied for a technical internship at a corporation in my town. It took them 3 months to get back to me and I didn’t get the job on the first try. I had to apply again and got it on the second try. I reformed a relationship with my parent and moved back in with them. At this time I met my husband. 

I worked at the internship 32 hours a week and took 20 credits for a year to finish college on time. They paid me $17 an hour. Internship wages in my profession range from $15-17 an hour typically. There was a possibility to get a job at the end of the internship, contingent on completion of my associates degree and an interview. I definitely broke down a few times, but kept pushing because it was worth it. I worked hard enough that I surpassed expectations at work and graduated with a 3.9gpa. I was hired full time at the end of my internship. I took a position as a night shift technician. There are usually incentives for working alternative schedules. This one in particular put me at 84k per year without overtime. Some might be surprised by this number, but my field of work is very specialized. There are very few women and not many people willing to do this type of work due to the safety hazards. I actually love my job and enjoy working with the hazards. I am excited to go to work every single day. A lot of people on this sub talk about not wanting a “dangerous” job. What they don’t realized is that these jobs are often times safer than daily life. This is due to the extremely strict safety controls and procedures that are in place. Most accidents that happen in these jobs are from human error. If you are 100% committed to safety and always follow the procedure, you will be fine. I am more likely to die in a car accident on the way to work, than I am at work. 

Soon after getting the job at 21, I moved in with my boyfriend and we decided to get married. My husband has a 4 year degree and makes 82k per year, putting us at a household income of 166k. After paying off 30k of consumer debt, we budget off of one salary and save over 50% of our income. Now I am 22, working night shift and taking classes during the day. The company I work for is paying for my bachelors degree. When I complete my degree, I am going to start a need based scholarship for women in the trades at the community college I went to. 

I realized that all of this came at a significant cost. I am damaged from working as a stripper. I view myself as a sexual object and have to remind myself that I have more to offer. I am also hyper-sexual, often times without realizing it. Working as a stripper normalized hyper-sexuality for me at a young age. I have worked really hard to get this under control. 

I also have no friends. The combination of mental illness and putting in crazy hours at work/school made it pretty much impossible to have a social life. I traded a social life and social skills for money. At the time I didn’t realize that is what I was doing. I want to go out to so many places and try new things, but I don’t have a single friend to enjoy life with. Along with working night shift, it makes for a very isolating and lonely existence. I love my husband and we get along great, but it’s not healthy for him to be my only friend. I’m working on that right now. I have my first girl date this Saturday. 

My story is non-traditional and NFSW, so I don’t get to talk about it much. If anyone has questions or discussion I am open.