How do I play out my final two weeks when my supervisor and coworkers are taking my resignation personally?
I have been working with the same company for the past 2 1/2 years. Some of us were part of a major company initiative, and there is a strong since of camaraderie amongst those who were part of it and are still with the company. As a result of my strong work performance and the respect I share with my peers, my boss pegged me as the "point person" for my department - which involves setting guidelines and training new employees within my wing of the operation.

*You can imagine their surprise when I put in my two-week notice a few days ago.*

Despite the good vibes mentioned earlier, I had not received a raise or promotion since I started. I met with my boss and supervisor several times, and was told the earliest they could promote me or give me a raise was in 6-7 months from now. I recently took an interview with another company, and offered the promotion and raise I was looking for. I accepted it because it's what's best for my career.

Since my boss and my direct supervisor were both out of the office on the day I received the offer and my start date with the new company is soon, I e-mailed them a professional note announcing my resignation effective in two weeks and thanking them for their support during my time with them. My coworkers' reaction upon finding out from my boss and supervisor have been all over the map.

My supervisor, who I shared a good relationship with, didn't talk to me for three days. When he finally met with me behind closed doors, he berated me for leaving - though also asked if there is any counteroffer the company could make after saying I 'burned a bridge' with him, which was sort of a weird 180. A couple of other coworkers who are part of the "camaraderie" still haven't spoken to me. My boss, though he understands my decision, was not shy about mentioning the staffing woes the department is now in (we were understaffed even before I put in notice). On the contrary, one superior  who I thought would be indifferent has become my biggest supporter, wishing me the best and saying the company played itself by not promoting me when they should have.

**My question: how do you play out the remainder of your two-week notice when a handful of your coworkers are taking your professional decision personally?**