Girls, what would you do if you noticed that your boyfriend (and colleague) is treated better than you in your same workplace, with same duties?
I [21F] feel like I'm being treated differently in my new workplace. I know I should probably be quiet because I receive my salary, and this is what job is supposed to give you. However, I'm really hurt. I feel bad, with no gratification. The fact that I'm always treated differently makes me feel like I'm a bad person and I don't know what to do.

Let me first tell you that the job consists in taking care of animals for a company. We DO NOT have personal relationships with our superiors because we don't work together. Our job is really lonely and nobody sees us when we work. The only way our superiors know we have done the job is because we sign a paper when we start and finish the job: nothing more. No personal relationship to justify such behaviours.

I, biology student, got hired after a regular job interview. It went amazingly: they seemed to be really happy about what I did and how I think. I felt like I had found the right place for me.
After the interview I was asked to work 6 hours every day for my first month in order to do some practice, even though I got hired to work during the weekend. After that, I just did my weekend job.

On the other hand things have been a bit different for my boyfriend [26M], psychology student, when was hired. He got the job because he was unemployed and after a few months working there I suggested him to try the interview as well even if the job isn't consistent with his studies.

The interviewers knew he was my boyfriend and I think this helped him being hired: he told me that when they found that out they said nice words about me and their attitude changed instantly towards him too. He was also prepared because since I did the interview before him I knew exactly what they were looking for and I gave him some advice too.

However, the differences in the treatment between us were clear from the beginning.

In chronological order:

First of all, during the interview they gave my boyfriend free gadgets and a book. I have never received anything from them and I'm sure it's not because I'm a bad employee or something.

In addition, nobody asked him to work 6 hours everyday for the first month to do some practice like I did, even if he needed it more than me (at least I'm a biology student and I studied zoology, he is a psychology student and knows NOTHING about animals). He started immediately with the weekend job and at the moment we have the same duties.

Furthermore, at Christmas he received a present from the company (nothing personal: if that was from a friend, I wouldn't be bothered) and I didn't. I honestly don't care about the present: it was nothing I wanted or needed, but I was hurt by the fact that I wasn't (again) treated equally.

Moreover, he got his contract renewed only after 3 months he got hired. They told me I was going to be having it renewed too as well, but besides words, no facts. I had to ask THE DAY BEFORE its validity passed and only then they renewed my contract. And also, I noticed that my contract is shorter than my boyfriend's one, for no reason. Same job. Same duties. Mine will last until 11/2020; his will last until 12/2020. I've worked there for a longer time, plus I did a month full time too and I don't know how to justificate this difference between us: I worked more and I'm more prepared. Never caused troubles, always had a positive attitude and I'm friend with every colleague now.

Finally, yesterday we received our salary and he got 1/3 MORE than he was expecting (we are paid for the amount of hours done), while nobody ever gave me an Euro more.

What do you think of this situation? What do you recommend me to do?


TLDR: same workplace and job, but even if my bf got hired after me and the job isn't consistent with his studies, he was given presents and my same duties without the daily 6-hours month of practice I was supposed to do and receives a higher salary and better contract renewal. Am I overreacting? What should I do?