I recently quit my job in an attempt to reinvent myself but all job offers are related to the industry I left (logistics) which I honestly grew to despise . How can I finally leave it behind?!
I recently (last day was 2 weeks ago) quit my very well paying Logistics Coordinator job. I have a couple of months of rent saved up , will be starting school next week (video editing and production) at a local community college (very low cost) and already have a part time job lined up at a local restaurant.

However, as happy as I am to be pursuing something I’ve always wanted to do and chase after my dreams. The “logical” side of my brain which chooses the money is going nuts. Mind you, there is no way I will go back to Logistics, I’ve grown to hate the job and the repetitiveness of it. I worked at one of the best logistics companies in the world with great benefits an awesome team and good pay. None of this was enough as I simply no longer had any interest in it. I was basically dragging myself out of bed every morning and had become anxiety ridden and depressed feeling as if I was just slowly rotting in my cubicle.

I am actually excited for the restaurant job even though it will only pay a fraction of my old job because its something different . But I know I want to make more money than I did before. Not to mention, I will need a steady income to buy equipment and build my media company as I grow my skills.

Again, lots of people have asked why I didnt stay at my old job amd went to school at the same time. With 55+ hours of work a week and my hate towards the job it was just not possible. I wanted out . So going back to that is simply not an option . If rather struggle with part times until I find something else than go back to it.

With that said. I am 31 now and have been working since age 17. Ive been a delivery driver, warehouse supervisor, got a BA in Psychology, have some experience in sales and worked as a logistics coordinator for the last 7 years.

Nonetheless, right now I dont have kids a mortgage or any debt. But my savings aren’t huge either just enough to get by for about 4-5 months plus whatever I make on the part time.

Ive looked into e-commerce and drop-shipping since I have extensive experience with imports from Asia and Europe due to my work in logistics. However, that industry really seems like a gamble and I dont have money to spare/throw away in hopes of getting lucky.

I do speak spanish fluently and have no trouble befriended and talking to people so there’s that as well.

Any suggestions/advise is appreciated.