This time last year I couldn’t leave my bedroom because of anxiety, today I talked myself down from a panic attack during a surgical procedure.
I’m a 22 year old guy and my anxiety was horrible a year ago. I was unemployed, my life ruled by anxiety. I couldn’t drive, go out with friends, see a movie, and for a while didn’t leave my room. It got so bad I was severely underweight and stayed in a psych hospital for a few days. I began to see a therapist who did CBT 3 times a week, plus saw a psychiatrist and got on the right medication. 

Now I work in a big hospital operating room as a technician full time, I drive all the time, go on dates, and I start school to be an EMT Monday. Today I was assisting during a gastric bypass. I was fully scrubbed in, holding a camera where I have to be dead still, and it’s just me and the 2 doctors, all crammed around this patient. It wasn’t the first time I assisted during this surgery, but it was my first time with this doctor, who’s notoriously vicious, and at one point shit started to hit the fan. The room got silent, tensions where high, and my anxiety skyrocketed. My mask started to fog up and I was sweating, but I can’t touch my face and contaminate my gloves, so I was literally trapped. Then I remembered everything I had learned, I started to focus on my breathing and the work the doctor was doing. I thought to myself encouraging thoughts, and within a minute my anxiety dropped back down, and we ended up completing the surgery. The best part? The doctor told me I did a great job, something even the nurses had rarely ever heard him say to someone. 

The point of this post? To look at where I was a year ago, basically bedridden from anxiety. Now I live a very full life and do things that I want to, not that my anxiety lets me do. You CAN improve and get your life back. If I did it, any of you can do it. The biggest advice I can give is please, get help. I was terrified but it saved my life. I still go to therapy once a month, and I’m still on my medications, and there is absolutely no shame in that. 

I hope this post maybe inspired even one of you. Dealing with anxiety has been the hardest thing I’ve ever done, and I failed at times but didn’t stop trying. No one has to live like this, and no one has to do it alone. I wish everyone here the absolute best of luck conquering your inner demons, and I believe in you. If anyone has any questions feel free to ask, and my PMs are always open to help anyone!