I Went On Such An Awkward Date....
I need to get this off my chest somewhere. Lol.
I’m on a cell, ignore the mistakes pls! So sorry in advance.

I met a guy on Tinder I thought seemed really cool! We chatted from daylight to dark it seemed, and had a lot in common. He was a single father, out of a divorce for a year. He told me why the previous marriages ended. 

Restrictions have lifted quite a bit in my state, so we agreed to meet. I’m actually in a county with barely a handful of cases.
Anyways, I offered to meet halfway. According to the app he was 78 miles away. He said no, he’d happily drive to {insert county} Bc he had kids in another state, and he was so use to driving! It didn’t bother him, no big deal!

So we meet, he wasn’t quite what I expected. I was okay with that though. I suggested we go eat, I wasn’t sure what else to do.
So we ordered, and convo seems to be going great and just flowing. Food comes, we eat. Towards the end the waitress lays our check on the table. Several minutes pass. He didn’t touch nor look at the check. She walked by maybe 5-6 times.
Finally I say “well guess I’ll have to get this” and handed her my card. She walks away and he said “oh do you expect cash or something for that?” He had a $10 in his hand. I do want to add, my meal was $9.99, my drink, I had about $13 on a $58 ticket. So yes he ordered an expensive steak dinner. So of course I wasn’t too thrilled. I said “oh well I guess you don’t have to if you don’t want to?” I’m too polite I know!! He shoves his money back in his pocket Bc he “didn’t want to”

After this we drive. I didn’t know what else to do. I was trying to be nice Bc he did drive quite a distance.
I need to add - He kept mentioned a hotel when he first got in. Even mentioned it on messages. How big it was etc.
I didn’t think too much about it. So I finally go back to his car and park. I said “well! I think I should be getting home to my kiddos.” But he kept mentioning the hotel. Was the pool open? It looked so nice. He had absolutely nothing at all to do the next day. He had to drive that far, it was him that drove that far and now he had to drive all the way back, maybe he should get a room.
He pulls out his phone and logs into a bank app, I assume. He starts saying “I don’t know where my money goes” then starts naming things down the list. He says gas like 4 times. He’s like “I mean I’m the one that had to drive” I said “yes I offered to meet you closer, you said numerous times you would rather come here.” He said “well my account is at 17, I don’t like it going below $15 but I really need a room Bc I had to drive and pay for gas” I’m not sure if he meant $1500 and $1700 or $15 and $17. Lol. I didn’t ask.
This was so awkward to me. I began to think about this. Did he want me to pay for a room for him?? What was he expecting.?? I was so confused.
I said 3 more times, well I had better get back home and pick up my kids, I have to work early tomorrow.
“Well I have absolutely nothing at all to do tomorrow and I had to drive here.”
We had sat here for about 3 hours with him saying he “loved my thick thighs” and kept touching my hair. He said he loved short hair Bc he could “pull on it” and grabbed the back of my head. Then he’d start again “you think that pool is open at the hotel?” Of course I didn’t know. Then “gosh I’d really love to have a room tonight” he said this maybe 4-5 times.

On the way home I began thinking. He had asked such odd questions, I don’t know why I didn’t notice before.
Like he asked what my parents did. Asked at a random time, not during a convo about their jobs or anything like that.
He also asked how much money I made, and if I currently had money. He also Complained about his ex wife never working and having to be the sole provider. He just got so fed up and couldn’t take it. That seemed like too much detail for me, esp to someone you don’t really know.

It was such an awkward and awful experience for me!! It makes dating so depressing!
I just needed to vent!