My brother-in-law is probably going to die and he doesn't know yet.
Last Thursday, before they went down to Florida for spring break, my sister called me and said that they had to take my brother-in-law to the ER for swelling in his ankles.  He's a 50 year old, healthy marathon runner who thought it was Achilles tendinitis, but when it happened to both ankles, he became concerned.  During the work-up, they had reason to perform a chest x-ray and found a mass in the lower right lobe of his lung.  Recommended a PET scan, which happened on the following Monday.  My brother-in-law insisted that my sister, her kids, and our parents go on their Florida trip while he stayed at home as planned.  He's a high school chemistry teacher and it wasn't his spring break (very Breaking Bad sounding.  I know).  My wife and I went with him to his pulmonology follow up on Tuesday for the results on the PET scan, where it was confirmed that he had cancer.  Tomorrow I'm taking him to  his bronchoscopy where they'll take a sample of the 2.5cm mass to see what kind of cancer it is.  Since my wife is an ER/critical care MD, my BIL forwarded all the reports to her to look at.
   
  Here's the kicker.  She took a look at the radiological interpretation last night and in no uncertain terms, he has stage 4 lung cancer.  PET scan revealed metabolic activity in his lung, rib, sternum, humorus, pelvis, possible neck lymph node, and possible colon.  There's a 5-10% chance of living after 5 years of treatment.  I say living, because with stage 4 non-small cell lung cancer it's not about curing, but reducing the tumor and managing symptoms.  Bone cancer is painful.  Lung cancer will make it increasingly difficult to breath.  Ultimately, they'll have to decide how they want to proceed, but this isn't a bucket list situation.  There's no time for that and quality of life is expected to decrease very quickly with or without treatment.

He doesn't know it's stage 4 yet.  The pulmonologist confirmed cancer, but maybe he was relying on the oncologist to break the news.  Only my wife and I know, but we'll probably have a family meeting on Saturday to tell them.  I think it's better to hear it from a family member?  There's a very, very good chance he won't live to see his daughters graduate college/high school.  My sister will be a widow before 50.  We have smokers in our small extended family and by BIL is that LAST person I would have expected to get lung cancer.  He's the stereotypical ironic cancer patient.  50 years old, never smoked, beer once a month.  Ran multiple marathons a year and no other health issues. Now there's a 5-10% chance he'll be around in 5 years.  This most likely will not be a pretty treatment.  They'll probably recommend aggressively treating this with chemo, radiation, and possibly immuno therapy, but it's going to get ugly.

I'm still coming to grips with this but I needed to tell someone.  I feel like an asshole for thinking that there are much more "deserving" people in our family (life long unapologetic smokers) who deserve this, not the high school teacher in the middle of his life with two daughters.  His dad died a few years ago, but his mother will have to bury her son.  It all breaks my heart and this is just the beginning.