I'm 31(M) and need a career change ASAP, but what to do?
Sorry for the long post, but I'm getting desperate and looking for help and so I think I need to be thorough here in order to provide all the pertinent information I can. 

I'm in my 4th year of doing software implementations and I hate it. I've worked for 3 different companies so far, switching because I always thought that I hated my job because of the companies that I worked for, but I've recently come to the conclusion that it's not the company, but more the actual type of work/industry that I just don't jive well with. I hate it because -

1. I'm overworked. I know this is a problem for a lot of people, but I really value work/life balance and I always end up working \~60 hours a week because there is just so much work to do all the time. I'm always overwhelmed. 
2. I don't care. I'm not passionate about implementing software solutions for large companies to help them save money on software purchases in the long run. When things get hard it's difficult to convince myself it's worth it because what I do doesn't matter to me. 
3.  It doesn't feel real. Working virtually via monitors and phones means the work that I'm doing doesn't feel tangible. I'm not out in the real world providing value in a physical way, which is discouraging. I'm working from home (which is kind of nice) and rarely ever seeing people in real life and all of the solutions I build are on customer servers that I never see the benefits from after I'm done with the project.
4. I constantly get shit on. Software is complicated and things break and/or need to be customized all the time. Clients hate this and even when it's not my fault at all I'm always the guy to get blamed first. This is taxing on me and drives my stress levels through the roof, which I truly believe is causing some real problems with my physical and mental health at this point. I'm constantly under a lot of pressure and project managers are constantly all over me to get work done faster, even when it's unrealistic. 

I chose this career path mainly because there is so much opportunity in the field and it's pretty lucrative (I make around $90k right now). Now I'm realizing that even if I was paid 50% more I still wouldn't want to do this anymore. It's time to figure out what to do next, but that's where things get complicated. I'm interested in a lot of fields, but of course each field has it's own issues and I'm trying to figure out what would work well for me. Some of the topics I'm interested in include -

1. Aviation. I've wanted to be a pilot since I was a kid and tried to go to flight school when I was 19, but I failed the medical exam for an issue that I've been dealing with since then so I might not be able to pass the exam now either (chronic kidney stones)
2. Construction. I've helped build 2 houses before over the course of 2 years and I really enjoyed it. I don't want to do anything too back breaking as I get older though. I would really like to flip houses or be a construction manager or something someday, just not sure how to do either of these without a lot of capital or experience at this point. 
3. Small business ownership. My dad owns a small business and it's worked out really well for him. I've always been interested in entrepreneurship, but taking the leap has always seemed too risky for me because I have student loan and medical debt, and also I'm not sure what kind of business to start (especially without any real startup capital). 

A couple of other important factors to consider in my decision making process here are the facts that my girlfriend, who I plan to marry, is a 3rd year medical student so we will likely be moving in a little under two years for her residency. Also I have 2 bachelor's degrees in business (Information Systems and International Business) which I still have about $20k of debt for. I also love travelling and being outdoors a whole lot. I like helping people and animals and hate corporate america with all of it's politics, bureaucracy, conference calls etc. I'm also a pretty good people person, even though what I do now is very technical I'm better at the business side of my job than I am at the technical side. 

Again I'm sorry for the novel of a post, I'm just really down in the dumps and trying to figure out what change to make in my life and I really feel like I need some 3rd party perspective on what might be a good direction to head in. Thanks for reading!