My super handsome friend is often rejected because of his origins
One of my friends is originally from Syria (he was born and grew up there, but he left Syria when he was 15). He then lived in Switzerland and moved to the Uk for University. He left Syria with his family long before the war, and so he has nothing to do with it. I have known him since he moved to the UK. He is very handsome and attractive (he looks exactly like Maluma). He has been facing a lot of problems just because of his origins. Since he is attractive and doesn’t have a typical Middle Eastern appearance, people in general and girls in particular approach him a lot in parties and clubs thinking he is Spanish, Italian, or Brazilian. However as soon as he tells them about his origins, they just leave him and their interest in him fades away. He had a lot of problems with dating. Girls would go out with him once and then when they learn about his origins, they would stop talking to him. Same story happens on Tinder. When we go out and socialise with people, sometimes things get worse. Some people would ask him where is he from and as soon as he mentions Syria, people would start asking him questions about the war, when is he going back, and how did he arrive to the UK. Some people were even rude to him and said things like “are you a refugee”, “did you come here on a boat”, and “why didn’t you stay”. Some people and particularly girls said racists things to him like “I don’t do Arabs”, “you’re too hot to be Arab”, “sorry I thought you were Italian when I gave you my number”, and “oh how come? You don’t look like those poor refugees”. He recently decided to not go out anymore, and he is isolating himself and avoiding all social encounters. Recently, I managed to convince him to go out with us few times but I noticed that he was avoiding to introduce himself to new people. If we meet new people in the bar or the club, he would step back and pretend to be on his phone or go to the bathroom. He doesn’t want to face the question of “where are you from”. He is smart, well-educated, goes to one of the best schools in the UK, and speaks English fluently in addition to three other languages. What do you people think? And does anyone has ever been in this situation? And what do you think he should do?