I got offered a high-paying, once in a lifetime opportunity job that I feel I am not qualified for. Should I take the job?
I currently have my own business with 2 partners that is doing pretty well.
We have been in talks of me leaving the company and selling my share to them. It's kind of hard to explain why I am leaving my own company, despite it being successful and only getting bigger. But I feel like  it's not challenging enough for me and I am stuck in a rut and not learning and growing, so I want to go work for another company where I can learn and cover up my "weak spots" in areas I don't know well.

My partners are supportive of my decision and said there's an ownership spot for me if I ever decide to come back, even if it's years down the line.

Anyway, on to the topic of the title.
A CEO of a very big and well-known company in our industry somehow got wind of me leaving my company and looking for a job (not sure how since only a few people know right now), and called me to ask for a meeting. I met with him and he offered me a very high-paying job running one of his company's departments. I was taken aback my this offer. It is very lucrative and a position most people would kill for. However, I personally believe I am not qualified. I know this CEO from my previous job, where we would interact constantly, so he knows my experience for the most part, which is why it is surprising that he offered this position to me.

I am not sure what to do. I feel like even though I am under-qualified, I can read and study and learn what I need to, and in a few months be somewhat qualified. They also said they will train me. I did want a challenging job and this job will definitely be tough.

My friends and family think I would be stupid to not take the job, and the worst-case scenario would be I get fired but would still learn a lot during my time there even if that happens. They also think I AM qualified and just have low self-confidence, which I admit has always been a personal issue for me.

I was thinking of requesting another meeting and being honest to the CEO with my skills and what he expects, just so there are no surprises, would that be the best way to go about this?

Another complication is that if I take this position, I will technically be competing against the company I started, so that makes things even weirder for me.