Verbally accepted a salary offer that I feel is too low. Now I am unsure if taking the job is the right decision. Am I screwed?
Hi all. I am an early career engineer (HVAC automation industry). Over the last several months, I have been interviewing for a new position with a different team in my company. This position is desirable because it will carry more responsibilities than my current role, and I feel it has better upward trajectory for my career. I would also be working on projects I care about (energy sustainability). At the risk of sounding dramatic, it’s one of the best professional opportunities I’ve come across. This week I received a phonecall from the hiring manager informing me I had been selected for the position, which is obviously exciting.

I am conflicted because I feel the offer they made for salary is too low for this role. It is a 6% increase from my current salary, when I was hopeful for at least 15%. Admittedly I screwed up negotiations by not broaching the topic during the interviewing process. I was afraid of losing out on an opportunity I wanted by bringing up the topic inappropriately, which I now know was a naive and incorrect (I’m still young and make mistakes) way to look at it. For context, the salary I’ve been offered for the role is similar in value to offers I had at graduation.

The reason that I feel the offer is too low is because of the increased responsibility I cited earlier. My role is currently purely design. This new role would carry sales engineering and project management responsibilities, in addition to design responsibilities. The role will also have me traveling 50-60% of the time to customer sites for field work.

In addition to all of that, changing to this team will require me to move 18 hours away. I will be giving up my girlfriend, my friends, family, professional relationships, and volunteering roles in my current area. I realize these are all personal items, but I feel it is important to note what I would be sacrificing to take this role. 

I’ve been told by the hiring manager and others in my life that “the money will come later,” but to me that feels  hollow. I’ve always been told that the best way to receive larger raises is by changing positions. And at the end of the day, life is not just about the job you work. Right now, part of me feels like I will be making a mistake to give everything up I mentioned just for a job if it’s not the salary I want, even if it is a very desirable role. 

What are everyone’s thoughts? Am I screwed since I verbally accepted (I haven’t signed any contracts)? Is it too late to negotiate? Is the increase actually reasonable, and I am just being entitled? Am I too “in my head,” and just getting cold feet about what is still the right decision? 

I apologize for the length, and potentially rambling nature of this post. I am very stressed and conflicted about this, and am just hopeful for some objective 3rd party perspectives. Thanks in advance to anyone who responds! I hope you all have a great holiday.