Best friend killed himself, I want to join him
My best friend killed himself at the end of September, and I still can't handle it. I'm 28/f, and he was 30/m.

He was the most amazing person I had ever known, and he told me once last June about his plans to commit suicide. I tried to support him, but he killed himself months afterwards. I know that, as I was at the time, I couldn't be the reason he would want to live, but it hurts so much that he left me. He was the only one who would or could help.

I called him crying very late one night, when he had a test the next day at 8 a.m., and he came over and spent the night with me and then took his test on two hours of sleep, and aced it because he was a genius. How am I ever going to find a guy like him again? I loved him, but I never told him, and he died all alone, feeling like he was unloved.

I've cried every night since he died, wishing I could join him in death. I can't feel anything for anyone else. He made me feel beautiful and loved and cared for in a way I never thought was possible. Now he's gone...forever. I'm such a failure. I failed him. I never made him feel like he made me feel. He used to put his hand on my cheek, and tell me that I was the most beautiful and perfect girl in the world to him. Now, I pretend my pillow is his hand as I cry myself to sleep.

I failed him. I was insecure and had intimacy issues, and I never told him how he was the most beautiful man in the world. He was everything. He had led such a hard and tragic life, but still he found the strength in himself to take care of everyone he cared for, including me. When I told him my father had sexually abused me, I expected him to run for the door. Instead, he held me and told me that he accepted me and loved me no matter what, and that I was still beautiful to him. I'm sobbing, remembering the unconditional love he gave me.

I can't exist without him. I reach my arms out into the air sometimes when I'm trying to fall asleep, hoping I can feel his arms around me again. Why didn't I tell him that I loved him? Why did I assume I would see him again? I feel so guilty. I just want to feel his love again, and to smell him as he hugs me. He gave the best hugs in the world.

I just want to die and be with him again. I want to tell him that I love him.

Shane...I love you. I'm so sorry you died alone, and that I wasn't there. I'm sorry you died feeling like no one loved you, because I do. If only I had shown you what was in my heart, maybe you would have stayed. I'm sorry. I love you with all of my heart. I know you wanted me to live, but I can't without you. You were the only one for me, but I was too stupid to let you in. I'll see you soon, my love, which is the first time I've called you that.

- Cassie