Long distance relationship problems, he says he doesn't want to do it.
Ok... This is kind of long story but I think it will help me feel better just getting it out. Thanks for listening.

I am a 24 year old female and he is 23 and just starting a two year grad program 1,000 miles away. We met a year ago and started dating exclusively shortly afterward. He knew he would be moving away 9 months after we met, and told me from the beginning he does not ever want to be in a long distance relationship. I was fine with this because I figured we would just deal with it later if it is still an issue. I put the thought of him leaving out of my mind so I could enjoy the time we did have.
 
We fell in love, I've met his family and I love them and they like me too, we have had a really good relationship-- I really do think he is someone I could marry. We have talked about marriage, and he's said that he thinks we could get married if we spend a couple years together (in the same city) and things are still great.

This is not my first serious relationship, and I know what I want out of a relationship, and though we do have some communication problems, I KNOW that this is something I want to be in. 

I graduated from college a year ago, and during that time I have applied for jobs in my field in my town and had no luck. I started applying for work in the city he is going to grad school a few months ago, but I had no luck there either. Two weeks ago, I got a job offer in my area (finally!) and I took it. It is a really great job, and it would be best for my career to keep for a couple years at least.

I don't have the money to move to where he is, or I would have gone with him. I have to buy a used car and have the money to move before I can go. I think it will take me about 9 months to save up enough to move there, and at that time he will be (hopefully) going abroad for an internship, or maybe somewhere else in the US.

We have spent 3 months apart so far, and we have seen each other 2 times. The last time was a month ago, I stayed with him and his family for a week just before he moved to where the school is. It was a really wonderful visit. He was very loving and we were equally excited to be with each other. Everything he did and said made me think that he would be ok with doing long distance for a while until i can afford to move down there. He has had his moments this summer where he gets really overwhelmed with the thought of not knowing how long we will be apart and having an open ended LDR (this was before i got that job). 

Last night we were talking on the phone and I could tell he had something on his mind and asked him what was bothering him. We talked for about 2 hours and he said that he doesn't think LDRs work, he's been in two of them before, and this one has a 1 year minimum and that is too much for him. 

And the way he talked about this upset me the most. He basically said that he's reduced this relationship to numbers and he doesn't see any way it can work. I feel that I am up to the challenge, and I realize how tough it will be, but I love him dearly and am determined to make it work. He said he didn't see how his feelings about me were relevant to the situation, either, when I asked how he felt about me and losing me and all that stuff. 

He is a very mathematical and logical person, and isn't as emotional as I am. The conversation ended up with us deciding to "take a break" for 3 months and then reevaluate how long it will take for me to move there, and how we feel about that. I think breaks are kind of stupid- usually they prolong a breakup that is already going to happen. The only reason I agreed to that is because the alternative is to break up. Which he was pretty much asking for us to do.

I had the last word in our conversation, it wasnt angry or anything. I think it struck a cord, because he called back and said he was sorry that this conversation went poorly and asked that we not do the break that night, and asked if we could talk today and figure this out. He was showing some emotion at this point. I agreed to that. 

I KNOW that it's probably a bad idea to try to talk someone out of a breakup. If someone doesn't want to be in a relationship with me, I usually let them go. But this is a case of the circumstances of our lives getting in the way, and the fact that we are so damn compatible and great together and we love each other shouldn't be taken lightly by either of us, i think. I think it's worth us fighting for. He is putting it all on me, i feel. I could save up just enough to go down there and try to wing it, but I want to be responsible and not piss off my family by just following my heart with no regard for the responsible thing to do. I told my boyfriend i would leave this great job to be with him, but I am really conflicted about that too. I am choosing him over my career. I would happily do this, though, if it meant we would be together from here on out.

This is also bothering me: I have never lived farther than a 50 mile radius of where I grew up and i really DO want to leave and see the world. If I am with him I will have the chance to do that. He wants to travel and he will have the means to do so after school.

We are about to talk on the phone again. I hope it goes well. I don't want to lose him, but if that's what needs to happen, so be it. Wish me luck. Thank you.

**TL;DR Our relationship is victim of poor timing. He doesn't want to be in a LDR and I am doing all I can to move there but it will be months before that happens.**

edit: grammar