My boss is a lunatic - she’s been contracting herself every other day.
LAST WEEKS POST: 

My boss gave me a shitty 30 day review due to things not being the way she wants them... she never once sat down to train me to do anything. Not entirely sure how to handle it moving forward.

I work for the public defenders office and began July 29th, two weeks after I went on vacation for two weeks (this was known at my time of hire), I also had a few orientation days. So at best, I’ve worked 36 full days.  The county requires 6 months probation for everyone. 

I was hired because of having knowledge and experience with the programs they use. I have NO knowledge of their procedures. I’ve essentially been fed to the wolves and I’ve been figuring things out on my own. 

Not one thing has been said to me by anyone on job performance. My boss (who I’m writing this post about) has complemented my intelligence and as of last week assigned me more work to do. When she assigned me this work, her and I had a meeting about how I felt about taking on another workload. NOT ONCE did she talk about my performance or work. 

Today, she asked if I had time to talk, I said sure. She then proceeds to tell me that she needs to see improvement across the board and began listing things I’ve done wrong. Then proceeds to tell me, “you know you’re still on probation right?” Needless to say, I was taken back, a lot. 

1. Never was a single thing said to me about my work for the past 30+ days. 
2. She never sat down with me ONCE to show me how to do anything or explain how their office procedure works. My thing is, how dare you say anything with YOU have yet to do a single thing with me and tell me it’s not how SHE wants it done?! 
3. She blamed my poor job performance on not following the sheets provided (which happen to be vaguely written “instructions”).  

Things she didn’t like: 
- How I close my files (the office wants it done a specific way) 
- One my spreadsheets were not being saved on the department drive, only my desktop. I thought it was being shared with everyone. No one said anything about not being able to see it!!! 
- How I type my transcripts for hearings. Apparently there’s a way that she wants that done as well. 

UPDATE TO LAST WEEK: 

I sat down with her the following day and she contradicted everything she said. She told me she didn’t expect me to learn everything in one day and she didn’t want me to get discouraged. We ended on a positive note. 

THIS WEEK: 

The end of last week and beginning of this week, I’ve been making it a point to go to her with questions and pointing out that I used her technique while doing this or that. Sometimes I’m just saying it even when I know what I’m doing so she knows I took it all seriously. 

Today, she randomly pulls me from my desk and says do you have a minute? I went into a conference room with her and the supervisor directly under her. She went on to tell me she’s going to do my two month review. She then noted that it’s about 2.5 weeks early because I had a scheduled vacation right after I started which she knew about before hiring me. 

The meeting essentially didn’t give me any feedback. She just asked me how I like it and how I get along with coworkers. I said nothing but positive things. She then goes on to tell me, “I think you’re too confident”. I must’ve given her a look of wtf and she said no, I really do. Zero explanation furthering that. 

We ended the meeting, there was nothing signed by me nor was anything provided for me to sign. She actually wrote nothing down during this meeting. 

I really think my job is in jeopardy here and I’m very nervous. I do what she tells me and it’s wrong, I don’t do what she tells me I’m wrong. I really don’t know what to do. 

Has anyone been in a similar boat? What do I do?