Unclear how to ask for a raise in my circumstance?
I have been working at my current employer for about 11 months and since the beginning of this year, my duties and responsibilities have changed dramatically. Although the salary I was brought in at was competitive for the duties the old job description entailed, my new “title” and responsibilities can command quite a bit higher (30% or more) should I shop around.

The way I see it, I have 3 obstacles that I can’t think of ways around:

1) The raise I’m looking for would require a corporate paygrade promotion also (I believe). I honestly would feel awkward even asking for that number

2) My performance review is at least another 3 months away and my employer does not really have a very clear policy on how raises and promotions will work. Especially since a colleague of mine (who has been working with the employer for 10 yrs) mentioned that when she asked for a raise, she only mentioned her intentions to our direct supervisor and then spoke directly to the department head for her raise.

3) Timing. We had just finished Phase 1 (where I contributed quite a bit especially since my direct supervisor was on maternity and I handled part of her work then) a pretty long term three phase project, however an audit is beginning soon and won’t end for another month. All “raise/promotion” asking advice seem to revolve around finding the right time to ask which given how many projects are down the line, is difficult for me to pick out.

Normally I wouldn’t think this would be a problem, but the friend I helped interview for the same position as my new title might officially begin by October and I’m worried that with his closer to market salary, there might not be room in the budget for them to give me the raise I want (this fear may or may not be unfounded, I actually don’t know what it looks like from the other side).

This is actually the first time I’ve ever asked for a raise, as usually when I feel underpaid, I just move on to a different position (usually with a better title also) so any additional insights would be most appreciated.