Sleeping and dreaming is the only enjoyment I get daily, anymore
Each day I wake up as I near closer to 24, I feel as though little has been felt to be accomplished by myself in my wandering through every new week. 

It’s all too much anymore to accept that my life has led me to where I am now— to simply accept that all of my successes and failures have ultimately left me lost in myself. I have no direction. I have no college education, my job prospects are slim with each one feeling terribly meaningless, giving no joy or sense of accomplishment for having attempted or even succeeded, at times to perform adequately.

I have a relationship, I suppose I am better for it, but each day I wake up, I feel as though every moment I try to engage with my partner, I bring him down in my depression. It seems only too much, the burden of my love; I feel I’m just too heavy a weight on those around me. 

I have lost all of my money and savings attempting to regain a sense of control over my life by spending money on groceries, simple things like helping around the house. 

Perhaps my issue is my mental illness I have yet to be diagnosed with, but my therapist seems to not care about any diagnoses of the sort. 

The crushing debt of sadness I get every day from waking up and not being in the dreams that made me feel purposeful and free from life and worries of financial struggle have left me feeling as though any happiness I can achieve is simply that— a dream.

It is selfish, but I lose my will to live more and more; I care little about actually dying, it seems the only person I am afraid to hurt is my beloved, but I fear I can’t stay suffering like this much longer, worrying about money, my worth, the pain of simply living. It has been months coming that I have been wasting away.

 Exercise only distracts my heart when I have someone with me, and the enjoyment fades all too quickly as soon as it begins, so much so before we finish the outing.

Calling some hotline has only left me feeling worse afterwards, but I try my best to hang on, if only out of love for my fiancé.

I feel as though my place in the world should have been found by now, I am still young, but why does my zeal for life flicker like a candle to the wind? I can’t enlighten myself to give much more, I feel. 
I feel the time is coming for my life to end by my own hand, as I can’t reckon enough willpower to handle the listlessness and longing for joy to come back. 

I don’t know when I will do it, but I try to encourage myself to make it to the end of the year, but I sense as though I may not make it to the end of this month.