Lost 39 year old looking for career advice (having never participated in the job market)?
Hello,

I am at a crossroads in my life and feel pretty lost and deflated. I know nothing about starting a career and finding a job and I while I work myself into the matter, I am looking to you guys to maybe lend a helping hand.

I am a 39 year old lawyer living in Berlin, Germany. After graduating I worked as a self-employed lawyer for 2 years, realized I hated it and became a daytrader (for the last 2-3 years) hoping to achieve financial independence - this did not work out. I am now looking for a job to make a living and to be able to support my girlfriend and newborn son.

My days of self-actualization are over, pragmatism is the name of the game for me and I am willing to accept any sustainable compromise that brings in a paycheck.

Any insight from people familiar with the german job market will probably the most valuable, but I am sure some stuff is relatable across borders.

Problem is: I have no work experience and I am really old and my academical achievements are bad (bottom 10% bad).

A bit about myself and my interests: 

I studied philosophy, psychology and politics before swithching to law. This is where my interests mainly lie. Geostrategical stuff being the most applicable probably.

I am not very durable and stress-resistant. Any really horrible and draining jobs I can do for maybe 1-2 years, but no longer. I hope for a "normal" job, where the good and the bad even itself out and I can bear that for hopefully 5-10 years.

At the moment I think I should start to apply for everything I am remotely qualified for, even when chances are close to non-existent, starting with the jobs I like most and working myself down. I assume the search will take months, so stuff will pop up during my struggle.

The jobs I came up with myself are in order of attractiveness:

Jobs in the political field. I can only think of assistant to some elected politician of any level. 

Maybe political consultancy - but I do not think I am qualified for those.

Maybe some NGO, but I lack any commitment in volunteer work, internships etc., so I can not stand out.

Jobs in administration, probably municipal most likely, but I may be simply to old for that.

Lector for a scientific or academical publisher in law or financial.

Jobs in cultural institutions: assistant or some alw-realted stuff in theaters, museums and the like.

Legal custodian.

All assistant jobs in companies and public law institutions.

Do you guys have any further ideas or can give hints how I might improve my chances with the above jobs? Basically I am looking for jobs that pay well and do not require strong academical achievements.

I am also looking for help how to effectively find jobs and how to streamline my online profiles.

I think I found enough material on CV, cover letters and interviews - but if you guys have the ultimate guide, do not be shy, it is appreciated.

Thank you all very much!

Mods may move this as is applicable; I posted this in all relevant subreddits I could find.