I just got a full ride and I'm stunned
Going into this, I knew I fell into the awkward bracket of "too poor to pay for college comfortably but too rich to recieve any good financial aid." I was already terrified of the $100,000+ student loan debt horror stories.  Matters were made worse by the fact that I wanted to become a Veterinarian. I did the math of state college + state vet school, and was looking at potentially $300,000 worth of debt by the time I was 30. 

So I obsessively applied to colleges. I was desperate. In the end, I think I applied to around 40. State schools. Private schools with good financial aid programs. Literally every. single. school. that emailed me offering a free application. I was writing supplementals during my lunch period and waking up at 4am to revise. It consumed almost every moment of my first semester. 

On top of this, I was also applying to full ride scholarships. Literally any and all that were available. By the end of January, I'd written around 65 essays. 

I've been accepted into 25 so far. Decent scholarships, but not enough to graduate debt free, which was my ultimate goal. On the other end of the spectrum, I was rejected from every full ride I applied too. Except one.
 
I had to fly to another state for an interview, conpeting against 100 other finalists. Here's where I started to panic. I'm autistic. Wasn't diagnosed until the second semester of junior year, but it's very obvious when you speak to me that something's off. I'd read the interview advice tips, practiced mock-interviews, but after I interviewed I was convinced I'd bombed it. I was too robotic/soft-spoken/antsy, didn't make enough eye contact, weirded them out, etc, while everyone else seemed so charming and funny and naturally well-spoken. I had no chance. 

And I got the phone call today. All four years, full-tuition paid. For once in my life, I didn't screw up. I did it. I fucking did it. My future is mine to mess up, and I couldn't be happier. 

A special thank you to this sub for all the advice I found lurking. I  hope all of your college acceptance dreams come true <33

Edit: Thank you all so much for the support. I'm trying my best to respond to every message and comment; if I missed you I'm so sorry! You've all made my day, each and every single one of you.