My brother is addicted to heroin, lost his job, texted me on Monday that he's homeless and I haven't heard from him since.
My brother got a severe back injury (five herniated discs) a couple of years ago while at work and for whatever reason it hasn't been healed/cured/fully treated yet. So he's in constant pain and the doctors won't give him pain medication. He also can't afford to go to a doctor on his own and only goes when the state or his old job or whatever is paying for it (I have no idea how the whole American medical/workman's comp/injury at work situation works).

Anyway, a couple of months ago I guess one of his buddies gave him some heroin and he's been smoking it for the pain. He only told me about it a few weeks ago and has several times expressed a desire to go to rehab and get off of it, and mentioned how much he hates it and hates being addicted. I told him to talk to one of my friends who was in rehab recently for the same thing and he refused, saying he doesn't want anyone to know. In fact, he swore me to secrecy when he told me about it.

I don't know what to do. Our parents don't have any money so they wouldn't be able to help him even if they did know. I have no idea who his current circle of friends is so I can't even contact any of them to ask if they've seen him. Our mom said she talked to him on Tuesday. 

Also, his girlfriend broke up with him last week and told him she had been seeing someone else the entire time (it was only a few months I think, but still), so I know he's been depressed about that. I really don't know how I can help him. I'm all the way on the other side of the country and I'm in the military, so I can't just drop everything and go home to look for him. I don't want to send him any money because he'll probably just use it to buy drugs, and I don't really have money to just be throwing away at him. I've already loaned him way too much money (that I'll probably never see back) over the past ten years.

And I just got an e-mail from my mom saying that he got a letter saying he was turned down for some sort of treatment for his back, so that's just another turd on top of the shit heap that is his life lately.

I'm mostly writing this to get it off my chest but any advice would definitely be appreciated.