Work
Throw away time.

I've got a HUGE deadline looming at work. I've only got 3-4 weeks remaining, but my immediate bosses keep changing what I need to do or forcing me to start a fresh.

I'm putting in 60-70 hour weeks and getting nothing but, "we need you to start again, but do it differently" out of it. The work I'm doing is not possible with the tools I'm using, but management wont hear any of that, they just keep telling me that it "must be doable. If not, try using this tool/technique that we found after a few seconds of Googling," which has lead to me wasting days on end collecting evidence that something can't be done, rather than it just being accepted and worked around.

Every few weeks, I'm being taken away from my current project and told that I'm spending a week doing completely unrelated tasks, "because someone has to do it," which is impacting on my ability to reach the deadline.

Because of all the above, I'm not sleeping or eating properly, neither am I getting time to exercise so my health has taken a direct hit. I'm supposed to be taking a big exam (that has nothing to do with my employment) soon, but studying for that has been put on hold (which means that I'll forfeit my entry, or will do poorly). My relationship with my SO has taken a *HUGE* hit, too. She lives 150 miles away, and I'm not getting the time to go see her or her to come see me.

My colleagues seem to know more about my current (deadline) project than I do, which tells me that someone intentionally isn't telling me what I need to be doing for a reason. The extremely exhausted, *VERY RECENT* stomach ulcer suffering side of me is left thinking that there is a very specific reason why folks are telling me things (paranoid, I know).

There's more, but I think that might be identifiable so I'll leave it for now.

Edit: Update:

> Hey, TrashBoundhound, I've broken all of your code, then checked in the changes. You can't undo the changes, because I've fundamentally changed the way that I want the app to work. Fix it. It's your fault, after all.

Edit number 2:
> With only a week to go, I've **JUST NOW** been given a formal spec for the job and told: "This is how we want it to work... kind of."