Don't know what to do from here, HELP!!!!
Ever since I was little like 4ish years old I felt like my parents were starting to abuse my sister and I. Like it was only from time to time and it was also during a time where my father was becoming successful. As years went on I found that my parents would shake, hit, and yell at my sister and I whenever we made small mistakes. We would sometimes get bigger punishments if we made bigger mistakes. I remember one situation when I was about 5-6, my sister forgot a iPad in an airplane and we realized this when we were home. My dad said he would pick it up but he was angry. The next day during breakfast I forgot what was going on because I was focused on counting the cereal in my bowl but my mom kicked one of the legs on my sisters chair causing her to fall backwards. She stood up and started screaming at me. I immedientley froze, my vision blurred, and the words she was screaming just sounded muffled. However, I was scared to death. We went to school and when our mom picked us up she apologized. The same behavior went on and then when I reached 2nd grade everything changed. My parents got a divorce. I remember my dad walked into my room and asked me, "Would you be mad if I left for a little bit came back?" I figured that if he left for a little bit that meant it would just be a couple hours, I thought he was just gonna go to work. He left the room, packed his bags, and I didn't see him for a couple months. After a couple days, I decided that my dad had went on a trip. During those days my mom would forget to feed my sister and I. We kind of just sat in our room and watched minecraft videos or whatever. After, more days passed we would hear our mom crying. Sometimes she would get up storm into our room and yell at us saying that the divorce was our fault. When I finally saw my dad he took us to a party. It was somewhere in Beverly Hills. Full of rich Hollywood people with 20 year old wives. He had got his own too, a girlfriend who was about 13 years younger than him. It upset me that my dad moved on so fast and at first he didn't even tell me that he was dating her. Until like 5 months later when I asked if they were dating. He never even told me they got married. For the next couple of years my mom would talk about how my dad is going to abandon my sister and I and start another family. I heard those words constantly and my mom saying she was the only one who we actually had. When we did visit our dad, every other weekend. It would usually be him talking about how our mom was crazy and him just yelling at us at the top of his lungs. He even showed us his divorce records and whatever and told us our mom said he was physically and emotionally abusive. He told us she lied, I didn't believe it though. My dad has always been a violent person. Last year, I kind of got fed up with my dad and the way he treated me and lied, so I called CPS. I stayed at my mom's house. My mom is a caring person but she sometimes confuses me. Whenever I make a mistake she tells me she's going to drive me straight to my dad's house and drop me off there, she yells insults saying I'm a liar, terrible daughter, a bad kid, how she sometimes wished I was dead, and etc. She occasionally will physically abuse me and when she does it can get pretty scary. I got diagnosed with severe depression and severe anxiety and I have kind of used drugs to help me escape, which I know is unhealthy. I have an amazing social life and friends I love, but my mom rarely lets me have plans. I feel so alone, I have zero trust for any of my parents. I trust my sister but she's usually on her computer or at my dad's. I've had suicidal thoughts but I know I wouldn't do that, the thought of what happens after scares me. Staying at my mom's house is really tiring but I'd much rather stay here than my dad's. Me staying at my mom's means I get blamed for everything, go through constant emotional and mental abuse, and will sometimes be physically abused. My mom doesn't realise her mistakes, refuses to admit her abusive behavior, and we always get in fights. I don't know what to do, I've considered running away but I don't know if it's worth it. I love all my friends and I do still care about my mom. I won't ever forgive her or forget what she did and still does do but she has helped me in so many ways. She helped me find a place to stay after I called CPS on my dad and had nowhere to stay since she was in NY for a bit with my sister. She cares about my health and everything. I just don't really know how I feel about her. I just know the place I'm at right now just makes me miserable. I've tried antidepressants and therapy and both didn't work. I just keep feeling like I'm getting worse. I know I have a good life, I have a good education, a roof over my head, clothes, food, and other basic needs. I just feel like hearing all those words and insults at a super young age really traumatized me and whenever I hear it again from my mom or Dad I freak out. Whenever I look at my mom I just feel unsafe and mad. Both of my parents didn't really make an effort to be emotionally here for my sister and I and both didn't really want to help us with making food or teaching us important life lessons. I kind of grew up feeling like I was more independent than a lot of other people that I personally know my age. I was always kind of jealous of people who could depend on their parents. I've tried talking about how I feel with my mom and she just yells at me and tries to convince me that I'm crazy and how I should be normal. I feel like I can't keep living the way I do. I have no one to talk to and I am so depressed.

Is running away worth it? Should I get an emancipation? Where would I even go if I ran away? Will I feel even more alone? Will my depresssion get worse or better? I really don't know. This is just me being completely honest please just let me know what you think.