I won’t change myself for a man anymore
I had a date the other night that really made me think. 
The date itself was fine, at first. I (a 29F) had someone I’ve been chatting with and gone out with twice before (a 30M) over for dinner. I worked hard all day to make things nice before he got there. I put on my favorite new dress, deep cleaned the house, strung up lights in the three seasons room since that’s where we’d be eating, lit my favorite candles from Anthropologie, etc. it was nice! When he got there he said I looked great and so did the house and the food smelled good. Things were off to a decent start. 
Then as we talked more while the food was cooking I started to realize we are VERY different people. Like to the point where we just might not be compatible. 
The difference? Well he talked a lot about wanting to live in a van on a farm and keeping bees and trying to live “zero waste”. That’s all well and good but I almost felt like he was shaming me for not being so extreme with being environmentally conscious. I am conscious of it...I am vegan for ethical and environmental reasons. However, I have my limits. Like I’m not going to live in a van. I worked really hard to get where I am today. I’ve been able to afford myself and above average life. I don’t live extravagantly but I do enjoy quality things. 

For the majority of the date I tried to be open minded and see things from his perspective. After all, I am always trying to better myself and if he can teach me something, I’m all ears. However, as the night wore on things got more personal. He talked about farming...which I know a lot about since I’m a farmers daughter. I grew up on one of the largest produce farms on the east coast and I know what it takes to farm large scale. He seemed to dismiss that and continued to tell me why non-organic farming is essentially the devils work. I came back with some valid arguments to the contrary but realized he was not amenable to entertaining a thought that didn’t align with his opinion so I just started nodding in agreement with him to end the conversation. Then he asked me my stance on monogamy- I said that‘s my goal. He said he’d be “open to monogamy” if that was something I wanted (aka implying that’s not his normal and he’s used to dating multiple ppl at a time). It made me uncomfortable. I know that is ok with a lot of folks but it’s not for me. I told him that. Then he said that was OK and that this is “something new for both of us.” I asked what he meant and he said he’s not used to dating someone so “status quo.” What the hell, right?! I asked him to elaborate and he said “look around. You own this home. You’re successful and definitely not my usual type. It’s intimidating.” I think he meant to flatter me but it felt like sandpaper. To me all I heard was “you’re basic and your life is not alternative enough for me and I’d be doing you a favor by dating you exclusively.” Maybe that’s not how he meant it but that’s what I heard. 
In that moment I knew I could either try and alter myself to threaten his ego less or I could walk away from it. I chose the latter. Also side note- he wanted to hook up but I said no and he suggested a tantric breathing exercise together instead. I’m sorry but WHAT?! I knew in that moment that choosing the latter was the best option for me. 

Ever since the date I’ve been thinking about WHY I’m still dating (although I did just get out of a long term partnership with someone more compatible so it’s not like I’m undatable). I realized I’m just not willing to coddle a man’s ego who I barely even know anymore. I can’t date the men who are so strong in their convictions that they end up personally attacking me for not conforming to their niche way of living. I can’t then change who I am to make THEM feel more comfortable. I can’t have debates with a man who goes into these conversations thinking I’m not going to speak intelligently about a conflicting opinion or who flat out unwilling to hear a conflicting opinion.  

Maybe my dating pool may shrink as my likeminded peers are settling down but maybe that’s not a bad thing.