Is it so hard to be decent humans to other humans
Remove physicality and notice how quickly the banal gender norms you carry stapled to your forehead are just stereotypes, fulfilled by your need to fit in some else's rubix cube. To like football, to be a douchebag,  to placate others through soft emotion, to wear what you want, all of these things are subjective to YOU. Not requirements given by the title you believe you are. They are level and human qualities, not categorical stipulations.

Shit, I[M] love makeup. Did yall know it Makes you less ugly than you think you are? I was taken back, like "you tellin' me I can look better but not look like a crossdresser or clown. What? That's ridiculous."
So why do guys, who have figured out how to alleviate the beautification standards set by others around them get treated like they broke some unmentioned law of the universe.  Just because it is a predominantly female asset does not mean I am female, nor does it mean I wish to be one. I wish to be me...just better looking. 

The same for girls. You do what you like. Being a douche nozzle is not a selectively male trait. Choosing shorts and comics, over skirts and barbies does mean you should be a guy, nor be treated like one.
 It means you like what you like and do what you do because you like it. Save for those who have the chemical anomalies which make them  uncomfortable in their physical form, there is not a goddamn thing wrong with you in your own form.

What the fuck is acting like a dude or a girl anyway? 

Being an asshole means your an asshole, being tough is tough, having a soft heart means you have a soft heart. There is no "acting" like you completely replaced your reproductive organs for a few minutes as a spider landed on you.

Come the fuck on with that.  

Unless you are an organic chemist specializing in human body systems and you check the levels of testosterone and estrogen appropriated to what we DEVISED as a classification system, which has only separated us more as time goes on shhh.  
 Keep quiet..no I said hush..shht. not another word. 
(Yes there are physical differences between the male and female forms, I got that. If you made it this far than hopefully you've read the first two words of my post, cool? Cool.)

Life is a fluctuating spectrum. Not a point-by-point plot, as much as we'd like it to be. There is no reason anyone should feel like they are alone in the "inbetween" of life,  because yall were more focused on not helping them accept  themselves, and being critical of your fellow human rather than helping them feel accepted and human at all. 

Jim should not feel like the wrong human because he cries a lot. Nigga has feelings, that's ok. Mary shouldn't feel like she doesn't belong because she thinks boxing is cooler than getting her nails done. (Weak example, but I'm not totally aware of the plights girls face that would make them seem boyish and then  mistreated)

Damn. 😂 😂 😂
Be a decent person. Guttersnipe ass people man..

What do you guys think?