Does anyone here get stuck in loops/Intrusive thoughts?
It's the best way I know how to describe it honestly. I get really intense intrusive thoughts which range from wanting to drive my car into a ditch so I don't have to go to work tomorrow, or the second my boyfriend leaves my house it's like "oh my god what if he gets into a car accident and dies and this was the last time I saw his face". I can never even recognize that I am doing it in the moment but I obsess and make myself physically sick with anxiety over it until something clicks and I'm fine again. Like in one of the examples I mentioned above, the thing that clicks me back to normal would be when my boyfriend calls when he gets to his house. The entire time I am in the intrusive thought though, I feel like I am walking around in circles inside my head until my feet are bleeding and then I keep going. 

I have talked to my therapist about it and she mentioned that it sounded like obsessive compulsive tendencies (but I want to be clear that she did not diagnose me with ocd) but a solution was not really discussed. Currently my diagnosis is General anxiety disorder, dysthymia, and ptsd. 

I am kind of at a loss because the intrusive thoughts are getting worse and affecting a lot of different areas of my life in really negative ways right now. Breathing techniques don't work very well because I get annoyed at myself and it starts a whole new loop of not even being able to do that right. Telling myself something like "it is out of my control so I shouldn't worry about it" doesn't even work because, again, I don't ever realize that I am doing it in the moments. I just don't know if there is some kind of preventative thing I could be doing or I don't know if medication would even help with that stuff because I don't understand how medication helps with anxiety and I come from a family who addicted to any and all narcotics so I have been worried to even try them and my therapists stance on that is that she trusts my judgement but I just don't fucking know and I feel so lost. Please help in any way you can, I am losing my mind and I feel crazy.