I don't feel like I can talk to people about the magnitude of my depression
I have struggled with suicidal thoughts for most of the last ten years. I think there is a big difference between that and the occasional feeling, which only happens very, very infrequently, that I might be so overwhelmed to do something about it.   
Obviously, the people in my life wouldn't want me dead. I have a lot of people that I love and love me, and I think that has kept me alive to be here today.   


However, I haven't been able to talk to people about this without scaring them or hurting them. I have heard a lot of 'I don't want to hear this' or 'You're making me cry' if I just begin to scratch the surface on these topics. I think the solution is that I need to go back to therapy, a therapist isn't going to cry in their office over me, and I can finally return now that I have insurance. But it just sucks not being able to talk to people.   


With my boyfriend, who I've lived with for almost three years and he's comforted me a lot in the past, he seems to be getting tired of hearing about it, or he likes to think I am getting better, and he can detect when and how, and his influence on that. I can't read his mind, but he's always commenting on my progress. Which, to be fair, has been a lot since I've met him. Before dating him, I didn't have anyone supporting me in my life, I had no will to learn to drive or get a job, and now I'm an assistant manager at a store. Not some huge accomplishment to most, but I'm FUNCTIONING, and I'm extremely happy to say that after a long road to achieving it.   


But, he has said stuff in the past just short of saying I'm 'cured'. And there are so many things I want to tell him about when he says that. Like, getting better with depression, in my experience, usually starts with the observable symptoms and behaviors. Usually the suicidal thoughts and anxieties will calm down first, then you start cleaning your room, feeding yourself, and generally functioning, and then your mind will actually begin to calm. In the last year, though, it has not really been in this order so often. Like all month I've had trouble with the dishes. For some reason standing and doing such a thoughtless task for fifteen minutes straight usually has me near tears by the end of it. Sounds stupid, no one in my life would want to hear that or understand why. I just don't know how to begin talking to someone about it.