What can a recently moderately crippled person realistically do for work?
I'm a 27 year old male who recently went through some health issues the past year and a half. I never got sick never had as much as a broken bone. Was completely healthy, lifting, running, skateboarding, and playing basketball 4 to 6 times a week with a moderately physical job. Over the course of one weekend a year and a half ago I started to become weaker and weaker from Friday to Sunday . Friday being the last time I could do all those things I listed before and Sunday to complete paralysis. After going to the emergency room, it was determined that I had Guillian-Barre syndrome. Guillian-Barre is the peripheral nerve equivalent to multiple sclerosis. However the only positive thing about Guillian Barre is that it is a self limiting syndrome and I will eventually get most innervation of the nerves back, as the peripheral nervous system does have the ability to regenerate itself unlike the central nervous system. Being completely paralyzed, everyone was doing everything for me. I could not feed myself, bathe myself, dress myself, let alone sit up in a chair for more than 10 minutes without needing to lay back down. It affected my eyes too where I was seeing double for about 3 to 4 months. Luckily most of the stuff has resolved itself. I am able to dress , bathe, feed/cook for myself and family now as well as most other occupational things. The hardest part now is getting the rest back. With Guillian-Barre, the symptoms start distally and end proximally upon contraction of the acute phase of the disease. When reinnervation occurs, it does so in the opposite fashion. So now everything on me distally is very weak. (Hands, forearms, calves, feet). I can walk but only short distances because my upper legs are working very hard to compensate what my lower legs are not able to do. Even typing, as I type this right now I have to switch back and forth with voice dictation and typing as my hands get very fatigued. Another thing to know about this disease is that there are different variants with varying degrees of severity. Instead of getting the normal Guillian-Barre which is prominent in North America and still a 1 in 100,000 chance and has the best recovery outcome, I got the variant that is prominent in Asian countries which has the worst recovery outcome. I have never left the East Coast of the United States which still baffles me today. I am also fairly tall as well 6 foot 3 inches so if you think about it the taller you are the longer your nerves the longer the recovery. Nerves recover at a rate of 1-5mm/ day which is like 1-4in/month so if im 75 inches from had to toe then… well you can do the math.

With all that being said, I am posting this in this subreddit today because I really need a job. When you're a single white male with no children there is virtually no help at all that you can get from government aids. The only thing I am surviving on now is the little bit of savings that I built up while I was working and Social Security disability which is not enough to survive on. However, I'm at a loss with what I can do. I really don’t think I could keep up with a 9 to 5 job going in every day with the fatigue factor of this disease. So I would really like to work from home. When exploring jobs at home most of them are on the Phone which require you to be able to type as well. As I mentioned before I have to switch back and forth between voice dictation and typing as again the fatigue of typing tires my hands. If I am on the Phone with someone I will not be able to use voice dictation.

I'm kind of at a loss for where else to look and honestly the great people on reddit have given me advice and information in the past on other things that were useful. Also, if I am not in the right subreddit maybe someone could point me in to one that would be better suited for this question.