A good employee is a no-show and won't answer her phone. What should I do?
I'm a manager of a  small business, a store. We are a little short staffed. Last night, I was called in on my only day off (I hate that, sorry.)  because one of my employees was a no-show. We have a process where if there's no call/no show they get written up and potentially fired. It's a few steps. ( still, we're an At will State and it's in the policy so if corporate decides to, yikes.)

I'm worried. She's one of my best employees. She always is on time, does a good job. I recently gave her a raise and she was excited about that. I worked on Sunday and she switched shifts with me. She said "Hey, I'll see you tomorrow!" But then, didn't show up. It's really uncharacteristic. My employee who was working the morning shift texted her, called her and informed me her line had been disconnected. So I tried calling and texting; also disconnected. I emailed her, no response. She has a few longer shifts on Sat/Sun and I'm nervous about it. She hasn't reached out to me at all.

What if something bad happened? How do I approach this? I've had employees skip out but it was usually just because they were being irresponsible, as I said. I just don't want to overstep my boundaries as boss but I'm worried she's hurt or something. What do you think?

Edit: Okay, I called non-emergency and requested a welfare check on her. I hope she's okay and that this is all for nothing. I'll update if anything comes of it.

Edit: I should probably mention she recently broke up with her boyfriend and she told me he was mad about it so that's another factor.

UPDATE: I got home from work. The police haven’t called me back. There’s a staff member at the shop, I told him to stay vigilant. He’s aware of the situation and is just as worried. I looked her up on Facebook and found her profile. It hasn’t been active for months but I still sent a message. Turns out, she lives in a shady part of town. Nothing to report from driving by. It’s like she’s just a ghost. I’m preparing to deal with the possibility that I won’t hear from her again. I have no idea how I’m going to deal with covering her shifts cause I’m on almost 8 days straight of working. Stressed. Some of you have suggested maybe she just skipped town. Seems unlikely but if her boyfriend situation was really bad... who knows? I’m wondering if the police checked on her and it was fine and they just didn’t tell me? Either way, I’m going to reach out to them and try to get an update tomorrow. If she turns up Friday to her shift I’ll be floored and relieved. If she did this just because she “felt like it” I’m going to be disappointed. I doubt it though, she cares.  Thank you for the support guys, I appreciate it. And your kind words. Either way I’m probably going to be hiring.

\---

**FINAL UPDATE:** She got back to me this morning on Facebook and quit over text. She waited until Friday to contact me. Why? Because I called for a Welfare check.  She didn't give me a reason why she skipped work, cut all contact and ghosted me and our staff. But she was mad I sent the cops to do a Welfare check. The police must have done a check and it was fine so they didn't bother calling me back. 

 I woke up to this from her*:* 

*"As a manager you don't send no cops to nobody house you can get me evicted for the fucked up move you just pulled I could've been in jail or out of town somewhere with bad reception I'm taking it personal because you're being unprofessional  now I'll be there to drop off this key y'all did the most "*

I'm not sure how this is logical, but I guess I don't know her private life. I don't think you can get evicted for a welfare check. Unless she's doing something illegal?  I politely explained that I was worried about her because it was completely out of character for her to be irresponsible. Also, the break up. She was silent for five days. She's was a valuable asset for our store and I'd just given her a raise?  I doubt I'll get a response. I'm a little upset that she doesn't understand why suddenly disappearing would alarm me, the staff. I'm floored. She was with us for three months. Regardless, I hope she does okay out there and I'm happy she is safe and well. At least this didn't end with someone dying, right? I'm disappointed but relieved. I don't think I was unprofessional, just following procedure from email, phone, emergency contact to welfare check. People will notice and care if you're gone. I think it would have been unprofessional if I showed up at her door as her boss. Anyway, thank you for the conversations, support and advise everyone. I appreciate you all.