Rebuilding after depression.
Tl;Dr: I am finally no longer severely/suicidally depressed, but now I'm hardly capable of being social,  even with my closest and oldest friends. I was more talkative, fun, and open when I was depressed. I don't know how to talk to people anymore, nor do I remember how to be those things again.


I've been a depressed for years- sparked by an existential crisis and botched suicide attempt in grade 9- and within those years of chronic depression I was lively and didn't give two shits about anything. I could talk to anyone about anything because I was **out there** , masked by not giving a shit, burying my pain in comedy, ala the clown of the group (being alone at home was a totally different experience) It wasn't healthy, but it gave me a close circle of people who cared about me for what I was, because they experienced the depths of depression themselves. 

I eventually even started to love a girl who was just as crazy as me, but disaster struck home. One of the closest people to me, my best friend for all intensive purposes, took her life last year.

I *shut down*. 

That lively, depressed, jovial asshole, people loved and hated loving, instantaneously transformed into your classic depressive cynic. A textbook troglodyte terrorizing my truest companions. There was no mask, no joking, no smiling. I stopped laughing. Stopped caring in the slightest,  and if you did anything that agitated(regardless if you meant to or not) me you'd end up unjustly roasted by verbal hellfire. Imagine Carlin attacking every member of his audience. 

I got with that crazy girl of my dreams at the worst possible time (a month after the death) and spiraled from there into the darkest depressive stupor I've yet survived.  

I lost the girl of my dreams, but it kinda didn't even matter because I was going to take hangmans exit anyway, until I saw how she looked at me. I've never had another, especially someone I loved, look at me exactly how I felt. 

It shattered me.

 I was confused and fighting myself, and once my mind was under my control I stepped up and cleaned house. Within the last 5 months the depression seemingly drifted away, of course I still get sad and weird sometimes, but I can handle it. 

Except.... I can't talk to anyone. I don't know how to be jovial. The part of me that could be friends with anyone and could talk for hours on end about everything appears to be buried with my friend. That crazy girl who is still of my dreams I cannot speak to for more than a few messages. I can't talk to my closest friends, I don't know how to talk to anyone anymore.

I am finally no longer severely/suicidally depressed, but now I'm hardly capable of being social,  even with my closest and oldest friends. Sure I know much of them, but that didn't stop me before.. I was more talkative, fun, and open when I was regularly depressed. I don't know how to talk to people anymore, nor do I remember how to be those things again. I don't even remember much of the last year, which saddens me greatly. I look in the mirror and see a stranger of whom I admire little.

Any advice?