Dear life, please. Get better.
I do honestly feel like I am going crazy right now.

I know that right now is strange time for everybody But I feel like for me everything is going down way worse.

So basically my university got shut down around three weeks ago. The Monday after it got shut we got a message that one of our fellow Professors we had lessons on Friday with, is Corona positive.
I showed some symptoms of Coronavirus after that but still did not manage to get a test done, since I am very low in the queue of my local doctor. 
By now I'm feeling better but not with my mental health.
The thing is that I have been writing an exam around one month ago and i really feel like that I messed it  up. I will get the results on the second of April, however I really feel like I messed it up. If I mess up that exam when I will lose my job.

So basically before this whole Corona  shit started i was already mindfucked. Problem now is that my girlfriend did not really support me. At that time we have been a couple since one year and eleven months. On the first of April we would be a couple for exactly 2 years.
However since around that time she is trying to meet up with her old friends and stuff which is good and all but I wanted her to be there for me in the time when I felt really like shit.
Which she obviously wasn't. 

Ever since that day things have changed quite a lot for worse. 
As of right now we are not a couple anymore but we are not broken up. We are basically doing a break.
In the past few days we have been calling each other and we really had want talk when we were really talking about having sex together again and  we would love to see each other again which was not possible because I was in Quarantine. 
Quarantine ended on the 27th  of March, however I'm really feeling very very very bad in the past few days because I do not enjoy gaming anymore. I have been gaming since I was 11 years old, which is 9 years ago.
I don't have to go to university anymore and I cannot see anything or basically i have nothing to do.



So my problems right now: i have a girl that I love more than everything but I don't think that she loves me anymore.
 I'm probably about to lose my job and since I don't enjoy gaming anymore i feel like I'm going crazy because I have absolutely nothing to do during the day. I have been doing sports in the past three years and I'm still doing it but since Coronavirus is there at the moment there is no possibility for me to do it outside and you know I cannot train everyday at my home.

I really just hope that there's something in the next few days that will cheer me up again. Because of right now I am hoping that the second of April all the first of April will do something for me.

Maybe the first of April will do something for me because that would be the day for me and my ex girlfriend when we would be a couple for exactly two years. 
Second of April might do something for me because then I will get the results. That will let me know if I have to start everything all over again, with studying and so on. 

Don't get me wrong if I lose my job right now I have something else that I will study and it's no problem at all. It's just that I really want life to get better by now.

My gf says that she still loves me. But she is so distant in the past few days. 

I want to be free, I want my gf back. I want my life to be good again.