What in the world can I do with two LibArts degrees besides burn them for warmth?
tl;dr version: I was the first person in my family to go to college, so I was unprepared and I panicked. I majored in English and History (yeah, I know). I graduated in 2008 right as the economy tanked, panicked again, and entered grad school...as a history major. Yeah, I KNOW. I wanted to remain in academia and go into teaching at the university level, but full-time tenure-track jobs in the humanities are so hard to come by that unless you go to a top tier school, you're pretty much SOL. So now I'm in my early 30s and sitting on two utterly useless degrees, and besides stepping out into oncoming traffic, I have no idea what to do with my life and all this wasted time and money.   


I live in the economic wasteland that is West Virginia. I've applied for what feels like every job in every surrounding state that would be a relatively "easy" move, but on the rare occasion I ever get an interview, I never get the job. I can't afford to just pack up and move without having a job in the place first; no one's going to let me sign a lease just on the promise that \*maybe\* I can find a job once I get there.   


If I apply for jobs I know I'm overqualified for, I never hear back. No surprise there. But I also very rarely hear back from jobs I'm actually qualified for. I don't even get excited when I get an interview request anymore because I know what's going to happen. And it's not like I go into them like Eeyore or anything; I'm actually a very bubbly, friendly person in real life and I carry myself well in interviews. I'm just never good enough.   


So what do I do when I've already so thoroughly hosed myself here? Going back to school isn't an option. I'm already up to my eyeballs in debt because I took out loans in grad school to help take care of my parents. First gen college student, remember? Easy money when your family's never been above the poverty line. So what can I possibly do to make this situation better? I've been writing and editing online for almost 10 years now, but I have nothing to show for it; it's all been in content mill hell sites and ghostwritten, so I don't even have a byline anywhere. I've worked off and on as a legal assistant in a law firm this past year (yay for layoffs) and my sometimes-boss has told me I need to consider law school because apparently I have a natural knack for it, but again: I am NOT adding another $100k+ to my student loan tab. I can't pay the ones I've already got. I've thought of making a niche in legal writing and turning that into a freelance business, but I don't think I'm cut out to be my own boss.   


How do I try to salvage whatever's left of my life without going back to school and taking on even more debt? I want to help people. I know that. I really think grant writing would be right up my alley. I've volunteered as a grant writer before and really enjoyed it, but getting a job in the field without the marketing/communications/statistics background most commonly wanted seems impossible.   


I'm just feeling really down and desperate and could use a gentle nudge (or a shove, whatever) in the right direction.