My manager at my second job is knowingly scheduling me outside my availability and is threatening to write me up
I'm very frustrated about this entire thing. My manager at my evening job knows that I can only work evenings there and is still scheduling me during the day which overlaps with my day job. I try to get there as soon as I can but I'm always late. 

Yesterday she pulls me aside and tells me that she's scheduling to the store's needs and that I have to work whatever she puts down on my schedule. If I don't then she'll write me up and if it happens again then she'll terminate me. 

Now the big issue I have with this is my original availability that I put down on my application was that I can **only** work evenings. During my interview she never stated that this was a problem. I was never told that it was a problem that I can't work day shifts. This is very "all of a sudden" that I need open availability. I assume this sudden change is due to my manager having to manage another store that is currently without a manager so she has not worked at our store in about a month now. But again, I was never told that it was required that my availability be open and she made it clear that me only working closing shifts was fine. That was when I was hired 2 months ago.

The only reason that I did not get into a further altercation with her about my job is because I have another job opportunity elsewhere and I have no issues quitting this job or, if push comes to shove, her firing me. But she has done this with other employees and I'm not certain if I should report this to higher ups for their sake. It's just not fair that we were lead to believe that our availability was fine, when it clearly wasn't and we're getting our jobs threatened because the manager failed to inform us.

I'm not sure how I should go about quitting this job. If I give my 2 weeks notice and she continues to schedule me outside my availability she might just fire me before my last day. I also feel entirely bad for even entertaining the thought of quitting when we're very short staff and our manager is working at another store. If I quit then my other co-workers have to pick up even more slack and I feel awful about it.