To the person who outed me as transgender
I know that you have told other people without my permission. 3 people have now told me that 'everyone knows'. These 3 have all been supportive of me and have found your actions totally disrespectful, unwarranted and disgusting. They all thought they you were just another annoying, catty teenager, but they realise that you had done something seriously fucked up. That you have crossed an intuitive line in the sand and done something beyond normal teenage shittiness. Something really big. If there has been any negative reactions from people towards my gender identity, then they felt no need to tell me. I am thankful for that. I wouldn't wish to know them anyway.

I completely understand that we are not really friends (and never will be), but I desperately needed to tell someone new about my true self. My transition had ground to a halt at that point due to one of my parents making me feel like utter shit all the time - nasty, emotionally manipulative stuff. My life seems like it was shutting down. it actually got so bad that I had to leave home for about a month to get away for it all. I would contact my parents twice a day to show them that I had not done anything 'drastic'. I told you because you were of little to no importance to me and if you did decide to tell others, you were unlikely to be believed. You have a reputation for being a compulsive liar. You were the first of many baby steps at that time towards self acceptance. You are currently 6 of 7 people I have personally told.

I shouldn't have to tell that trans men and women are very vulnerable people, but I apparently do. 41% of transgendered people will attempted suicide in their lifetimes. I am part of that statistic. By fucking with trans folk's deepest, darkest fears, by telling others they do not trust enough to tell earlier or do not want to tell at all, you are very likely to push them towards being part of this statistic. You are so fucking lucky that I have managed to accept my identity over the last 3 months - if this happened before then, I can guarantee you that I would be dead by now. Both our lives would be over. Still, doesn't mean I haven't been affected by what you have done. I have been regularly have panic attacks, 2 or 3 an hour, since finding out. They are fading away now, which I why I can now write this. I feel so violated. People I've never spoken to before know before most of my immediate family, including my brother. Also, it's not as if harassment or attacks are to be feared of because of this. These kind of things just happen - another reason for me to be fearful. They are disturbingly regular occasions for a lot of trans people.

You are one of two things. You are either a sad and pathetic child, who would rather throw someone under the bus just to desperately get the attention of people who you won't even speak to in a year or so. Or, you could be a sociopath, incapable of empathising with someone so vulnerable, so afraid - to disregard all that and to turn me into gossip for strangers is simply monstrous and evil. Whatever you are, you are a damaged human being. And even though my life is often hard and sometimes painful, I'm so glad I am not you. I feel so sorry for you!

I hope you can change and grow up. To responsibility for your actions. It's up to you really. Even if you realise how immensely hard you have fucked up and want to apologise, I will not accept it. Two words aren't gonna make this any different or any better. You are repulsive! This is something you will have to live with. Good luck with that. Have a nice life and fuck you!


I'm planning to send to the person who outed me soon. Also sorry for any typos.