How do you distinguish between a dream and a career that suits you?
Throw away account.

Edit: Wow, thank you so much for replying! I'm using Reddit minimally so I will get back to all of you soon.

I'm 30 year-old male and my career background is teaching English as a second language. I dropped everything and "learned to code" two years ago and am calling it quits to go back and teach English in Korea again. My fiancée is there and we thought if we broke into the tech industry it would be the best option for us. We each took bootcamps in our respective countries. She got a job as a web publisher! Unfortunately for me, I couldn't find *any* decent job in America with my previous work experience (barista, ESL teacher, events coordinator, and psych BA) or even by having attended a coding bootcamp. So she won't be immigrating here because we essentially wouldn't be able to live on my shitty salary. My relatives think I'm too impulsive and scattered with my ideas, but I think it's better to know when to quit. This endeavor has drained me and I don't even *like* what I started.

I still want a Masters Degree so my inability to find a job doesn't perpetuate, just not in computer science. Everything I think I want to be seems suspiciously idealistic, like I'm starry-eyed as I was for coding. I can't imagine who I want to be, but I want to be something. I took a career aptitude test and it had some very *cool* recommendations (diplomate, lawyer, judge, archeologist) but I can't see myself doing any of that.

Do people in those professions intuitively know that's the career they want in a sudden moment, a calling when when they hear the word, or do they stumble into it after lots of rumination?

Obviously, you can't just stumble into a law firm, but I feel like if I don't have a riveting call, a real competitive want *now*, then it's something I shouldn't start. But also, how would I know if I've never tried? The world is just so competitive that any direction I take will be challenging, that doesn't phase me, I just want to make sure I love it. In the meantime I'm grasping at straws like finding out I'm an ENFJ and taking aptitude tests.

I've always wanted to work for an organization like Amnesty International. What draws me to a position within AI is dealing with multiple diverse cultures and social justice. In my adolescence I wanted to be a preacher but I left the religion finding out I am an agnostic pantheist & atheist. When I was young, I dreamed of being outspoken like Tupac because of the positive changes he wanted to implement. Most recently, seeing Bernie Sanders run for office was inspiring, and I looked at running for a local district seat but am holding off because I want more professional experience and need to establish myself. In short, In my future career I need to somehow be benefiting people.

It's wildly frustrating because my family thinks me being stuck is because of my lack of religion. My mother is the only person who isn't pushing me to continue to code because she knows it's not something she'd see me doing in the first place.

How do I narrow down my career choices? How do distinguish between my dreams and actual talent? Or at least, how do I know I'll love something enough to keep pursuing it? I also feel absolutely spoiled because I'm 30 and have no real responsibility. Both of my grandparents were successful entrepreneurs and here I am living with mommy and daddy struggling to decide what *I* *want*. I feel like I have no right to complain, but by having privilege is more the reason I should find something that's great for me.