Skipped school to kill myself, didn't go through with it, what now? Please help me, anyone.
Hopefully this all makes sense, confused and tired right now, and I'm going to not go through and re-read anything like I usually do as I know I would probably just end up deleting this post, so hopefully this isn't too confusing. It'll also be long probably, sorry for the long read, but I need to at least get down all of what happened. Just need some advice/support, or whatever please, I'm not really sure what I need, like I said, I'm not in the best state of mind currently.

&#x200B;

I've skipped school maybe 5-6 times this year when things were too much, as school is one of my biggest stressors and I don't even see the point sometimes, just to get a mental break. I've never done much on those days other than lie around, or maybe play some video games if I felt like it. These were the worst days for me, constant suicidal thoughts since my parents and brothers/sister wouldn't be home, either at school or work. These are the days that I kept toying with the idea, feeling safe (in a weird way, I know) that I could kill myself if I needed to. I haven't skipped for about a month or so, but all throughout yesterday I was thinking as I get closer and closer to graduation, there's a "time limit" of sorts on when I'm actually going to go through with it, as it gets closer and closer I feel more pressure that I "have" to do it, because I feel like I need to kill myself before I graduate high school, I'm not sure why. Today I woke up at 6:30, and as soon as I got up I was already battling with the idea of whether or not to go to school, and this thought stayed with me throughout breakfast, throughout my shower. I told my brother, who I normally walk to school with, that my alarm woke me up late and that he'd better walk to school ahead of me if he didn't want to be late, so he left. I literally did nothing for the next 30 minutes to an hour, literally felt nothing, just thinking about what I was going to do. Then after that I just went to my bed, and started researching for maybe 3-4 hours, methods, what to expect, etc. etc., all these things that I had been too scared to look up before. Found out the way I wanted to go, was literally about to go find the things I needed, but was so scared that I wanted to delay it somehow, even though I was still determined to go through with it. I told myself that I would set a timer for 30 minutes to sleep, and after that if I still wanted to kill myself, I'd do it after that. Well when I woke up, I felt a little different, a little more hopeful, I'm honestly not sure why, just hopeful enough to not kill myself today at least. Now I have to figure out what to do next. I had a math test today, an ap macro final, a small spanish presentation, and an anatomy quiz. It just seems so so so overwhelming, like I can't deal with it and I don't even know where to start, or what to say to the teachers, or if I can still take them, or what I tell my dad when the school calls today to tell him I wasn't there, or what to do about trying to manage this so I don't end up going through with my plan tomorrow, or the day after that, or next week.

I really, really, appreciate any help at all. Feeling really lost right now. Sorry for the long post. Thanks for reading if you managed to get this far.