I'm really ambitious, but I never feel like I can follow through when I'm in a position that holds any kind of power.
I know there are bigger things going on right now, but this is what is bothering me right now.

I know the title is kind of vague, so I'll elaborate. I'm entering my last year of college in the US. Next Fall, I'm serving as section leader of my section in marching band, and I'm also the president of my fraternity. I feel obligated to say my fraternity is a service one, as I know the general opinion of collegiate greek life. We raise money to help educational programs around the area, and send money to larger programs run by our nationals. To continue, both of these are elected positions. I beat out several people for both. I am honestly so thrilled that I get to help these organizations from a better position.

But I feel like I'm not good enough. Like, I messed up today by sleeping through an online meeting with a national officer of my fraternity. I messaged and told her that I had a family emergency, and I'm just now able to reach out to her. But I still feel like a fool.  

Honestly, if I saw my resume under someone else's name, I'd assume that lady has her shit together. Like, I got on the president's list this semester even though Corona hit. And, for the most part, I'm on the Dean's or President's list every semester. I just feel like, because it's me, my accomplishments are invalid. Like I didn't earn them, and I don't deserve the trust of my peers in these organizations. I'm not perfect by any means, but I got shit done in every other position I've held in my fraternity. When an underclassman had issues in the band, it was often me that gave them information they needed or just lent a helping hand instead of the section leader at the time.

Logically, I know I'm capable, and I can do these jobs. But I really don't feel like I can, and I get stuck overthinking every little thing. I don't know how to bridge that gap between my thoughts and my feelings.