I think the main reason why I don't kill myself is because I don't want my cats to be sad
Title sounds like a joke. It's not.

Me: 41 years old and I've never, not once in my adult life, felt that I belonged anywhere. My childhood wasn't bad (no abuse or anything like that), but my parents divorced shortly after I was born. I have no memory of them being together. Looking back, I spent a lot of it being passed around. Sometimes I'm living with my mother. Sometimes with my father. Sometimes with my grandparents. Meanwhile, no one was much interested in teaching me anything or raising me or developing a bond. They were just keeping me alive. My parents were young and stupid (both were 20 when I was born). My grandparents were giving, but distant. They gave me junk food and plopped me in front of a TV.

At some point, around ten years old I developed a stutter and could hardly get through a sentence for most of my adolescence. I couldn't even say my own name. I remember being 15 and 16 and wondering how the hell I was going to get through adult life constantly struggling to talk. I was seriously thinking that I would have to pretend to be a mute and somehow make that work. It was preferable to burdening everyone with me trying to say a simple sentence. 

Today, I'm still a stutterer, but I can work with it. Stuttering is awful when you're young and aren't yet comfortable in your own skin and are constantly grappling with insecurity. 

When you've lived with it for awhile though and you've been around the block, you can get good at hiding it. You get better at choosing your words. You also care less about everyone accepting you. With that burden off your shoulders, a stutterer can get by all right. Even when you have the odd tremor, it's more a conversation piece than an embarrassment. 

Yet, I still feel like I don't belong anywhere in this world. I never joined the rest of the world. I have no real friends. Family connections are tenuous. The family I was closest to are all dead (my mother passed on Christmas Day 1998, due to liver disease from her heavy drinking; my grandmother passed in 2005).

I thought I would be done with all of this loner outsider shit by the time I reached my 40s, but I'm not. And I don't know why. Maybe I've made my bed here and I don't know how to make it anywhere else.

One thing that I can say about myself is that I'm not angry. I don't want to hurt anyone. I don't hate anyone. My situation is no one's fault, except mine, and people have risen from much sadder circumstances than mine. My story isn't anything special.

I've just always been sad. I don't know how to be anything other than sad. And I hide it. I HATE the idea of burdening anyone else with my problems so I keep them bottled up. I cover up my problems with either jokes or lots of aloof mystery depending on how much I like the people I'm around.

I've thought about suicide. I've stared at pill bottles. I've given serious thought to razoring my wrists in the bath tub. 

BUT I've never done it. Never even tried. 

My feeling about suicide is that you should do it only after you've exhausted EVERY last possible move that might make you keep yourself alive. Hate your life? Change it. Quit your job. Get a new one. Change your habits. Talk to someone, even if it's a bartender. Start painting. Start a blog. Learn how to play guitar or how to knit or how to build something. Come up with a goal, even if it's very modest and silly. If it's not self-destructive and it gets you to stop thinking about yourself all of the time, it's a good thing. Maybe it will lead to even more goals that you want to be alive to accomplish.

Last year, when I was feeling really low and ready eat a bottle of sleeping pills for breakfast, I reached out for my idea of a life line:

I adopted a cat.

A young cat. Five months old. A girl with a lot of life left in her. 

I brought her home and after she spent about an hour exploring my lonely apartment, she jumped into my lap and went to sleep.

And I started crying. Overcome with emotion. I knew right then that I loved her. And that no matter how sad I am, I need to live so that I can take care of her. 

A few months later, I thought that she could use another kitty friend so I adopted another cat, a little boy, a few months younger than her. 

After a rough first week, they eventually became friends and I now love them both equally. In fact, all of the love in my heart that nobody seems to want I shower on these two cats. They get nothing but endless affection from me. I only buy them the best, most healthy food (according to my research, at least). I talk to them and play with them daily. If I somehow won an all-expenses-paid trip to Paris or somewhere today, I honestly don't think I would want it. As sad it may sound, I'd miss my cats too much. 

A cat's love is interesting. They place no importance on pleasing you, so they don't cuddle with you or jump into your arms on command (at least my cats won't). Sometimes they do though, and it's amazing. Cats look at you as their servant, which, to me, is funny and cute and a role that I'm happy to fill. It keeps me sane in a weird way.

Meanwhile, cats do become attached to you. Mine follow me everywhere. They sleep next to me (or on me) in my bed. If something scares them (the sound of the garbage truck or a thunderstorm), they run to me for protection. We hide together underneath a blanket.

I love them so, so much.

They haven't cured my depression, but they have given me something to live for. The thought of them going back to an animal shelter or ending up on the street or with someone who doesn't love them as much as I do all because I had to be an idiot and slash my wrists is too awful to think about. They belong with me and I belong to them. 

And my cats are both young. My little girl is a year and three months; my little boy is about to turn 1. 

Helping them live long, healthy lives has become my goal. These cats could conceivably be around for twenty more years. And I need to be here to serve them. 

I can't kill myself. I've got a job to do.