Borrowing your way out of generational poverty.
My whole family has been poor going pretty far back. Recent history is my grandparents were born deaf and discarded by society, and took crap odd jobs to make ends meet. Grandma got pregnant as a teen, my mom also got pregnant at 15, and then I myself got pregnant as a teen. I was pretty uneducated about life in general and most certainly about money, and how much money it took to raise children. I just knew you were supposed to have kids and struggle, that was life and that's just how it is. Graduating high school was optional.

When I got older,  my world view really changed. I was determined to raise my kids middle class so they could have all the things I never did. I was (still am?) pretty illiterate when it comes to money, so I borrowed my way out of poverty. I ran up all kinds of credit cards and loans to fund a middle class lifestyle. My kids got to dress in new clothes (even though they weren't name brand, they weren't hand me downs!), they got to do extra curricular activities. My husband and I moved to a decent school district, bought mid-range cars. We were so deep in debt this whole time. 

Now both of my kids are in college, and they still live at home so we can pay their living expenses while they are going to school. They are the first generation in my family to go to college right out of high school. And I'm proud of that. 

My husband and I are working hard to pay off the debt we've accumulated throughout their childhoods, but honestly I don't regret any of it. Borrowing money allowed us to get to a place where we could live in a regular house, wear regular clothes, buy regular food. And I feel like we broke the poverty cycle - now my kids are in college and are set up to get good paying jobs, and we can help them save money while living at home so they can move out when they are financially ready to. We are trying to teach them about money, and not getting into debt, but it's hard when I don't really know much myself. 

Sorry for the long post, me and my husband were just discussing it so I thought it would make a good discussion here also. I read an article that said movement between the classes doesn't really happen, I think we were able to but probably not in the best way.