Just got into a huge argument with my parents over not wanting to go to MIT
I just filled out the USC Housing application and got to the page to submit the $55 application fee... apparently talking to my parents about deciding between multiple schools didn't make it clear enough to them that I wasn't going to automatically commit to MIT. I was bombarded with 30 minutes of yelling, accusing me of "being a pussy," "being retarded," and "having serious mental health issues" in Chinese (Damn, what a failure I must be for that).

Obviously I was insanely happy when I got into MIT. I was over the moon for about an entire month. But after that initial euphoria went away, I began to really process what going to a school like that would mean. I've worked insanely hard for my grades in high school, and I was never the type that would be able to not study for tests in order to excel. I always felt stressed out by everything, and the "college resume building" aspect of my life took over my entire mindset. Although I've never had the guts to go to a therapist or seek professional medical attention, I'm sure I've experienced depression and anxiety far too many times during my four years in high school.

Through more research online and talking to current/former students, I've come to realize that MIT truly might destroy me. I'm already extremely fragile mentally, and the advice I've heard over and over again is to not go to school if you fall apart under stress. Sure, the graduation rate is extremely high and I'll probably be able to make it through, but at what cost to my mental health? High school has already broken me many times -- how is MIT not going to be even worse? The only thing I realized I truly like about MIT is the prestige associated with its name... and that's precisely why I don't want to go there right now.

When I tried to tell my parents my thinking, they refused to even contemplate the reasons as to why I'm having doubts in terms of attending this \*magical school\*. They told me every college would be hard, and while that's certainly true, is it possible to deny the fact that MIT will almost certainly be more intense and riskier for my health than other, "worse" schools? The campus made me feel miserable when I visited, the horror stories I've heard have scared the shit out of me, and I honestly can't see myself enjoying my time at MIT. But my parents said that "MIT is too prestigious for you not to go," that "there is a reason why their yield rate is so high," that they "couldn't stand to talk to me again if I chose to go such a bad school like USC."

Maybe I did this to myself. My entire life, I've been a sheep to my parents. I listened to them when they insisted I needed straight A's since the beginning of middle school. I listened to them when they told me I couldn't hang out with my friends during the school year because a "good, smart Chinese boy had better things to do with his time." I listened to them when they told me that a "perfect ACT/SAT score will set you up for your entire life." I even almost listened to them when they told me to quit playing a sport, literally the one thing that has kept me sane throughout the past 6 years of my life. Now, they expect me to blindly listen to them again. But this time, I can't.

I don't know what to do. I know that I will probably regret passing up the insane academic opportunities at MIT if I don't go. I know that I might never be able to heal my relationship with my parents if I don't go. I know that, if MIT doesn't destroy me, it is probably the best choice for me to go to college. But how do I know that it won't destroy me? I can do more research, but how can I know for sure that I will be fine if I go there? How do I make the right decision? I can't even discern my own thinking from that of my parents. I don't even know how to end this rant. I'm just a giant freaking mess. I feel stuck.