I’m 14 and I think I wanna die
....idk how to start this. 
I guess it’s not as important as everyone else’s stuff but I need to get it off my chest. 
 
Hi. My name is Rashaun. I’m 14 and I think I want to die.

I don’t feel like I should be here. Growing up all of my siblings had always told me that I was a mistake. That they didn’t love me, or that they didn’t want me around. I always thought it was normal.... but then I met him. My best friend.... At least I thought he was. 

His family was different. I realised this when his mum didn’t hit him like mine hit me. Or how he had a good relationship with his siblings. They were nice. And so I stayed. I was at their house almost every day. I’d beg to sleep overnight. I’d beg to just stay with them. This went on from the age of 7- 12... everything was good...But then I realised that I liked him.

 I liked him more than I should have and I knew that he’d think I was weird. He’d think I was a freak. But I told him anyway. I know I’m stupid but I really should have seen it coming that time. 

I wish I hadn’t told him. Maybe we’d still be friends. Maybe I’d have become ‘part of the family’ but no. I had to open my mouth and tell him in my stupid little voice that I was gay. Stupid me...why...no how could he ever love me?  I’m just a weird kid with no future.

Out of all of my siblings the one I envy the most is my older brother. He isn’t the oldest though. I’m one of nine kids. He’s number 4 and I’m number 5. Only 2 years apart in age. 

He is like me. We look the same, sound the same and even dress the same..... but everyone treats him like a saint. Meanwhile I’m shoved into a corner. A mere shadow of by brother, who is always reminding me who I could never be.

I started cutting at a young age.  I was 13 when he had finally noticed. And you know what he said... ‘do me a favour and cut deeper. ‘ ......yeh. Ok... I never did cut deeper. I’m such a scaredy-cat. 

I’d I could do it then I would. Die I mean. I read in a book once that  ‘people think the word scuicidal means that somebody wants to kill them self’s and they aren’t afraid to do it.  But it’s actually the opposite. They don’t want to die and they are scared...but they feel like there’s no other option‘.

I’ve thougt about it. Every now and then I get a random thought about jumping in front of a car on the way home from school. Of how when I’m in the bath I should drown myself. Or how I should hang myself with the rope I found in the woods and took home just in case. 

But I’m scared. And I don’t know what’s stopping me. That’s all. Even if you don’t reply. Thanks for reading I guess 

Yours sincerely 
Rashaun