I'm feeling torn between leaving one of the two friends I have in my class and to keep being his friend, even though the shit he starts is extremely petty.
So, my friends and I decided to play some minecraft together, and the owner of the server (who I will be referring to as M) is one of the two friends I have in my class, and he has a tendency to abuse power if he gets the chance. He doesn't listen to other people's opinions and just does what fits best for him most of the time. Otherwise, he is a pretty good friend.




My other friend (who ill be referring to as A) is a much better friend. He is really nice and considerate and I'd say that he is one of my closest friends.




So they were playing on the server when A suddenly found a wolf, but he couldn't tame it. M said that he would tame it, but A didn't want that, so A said that if M would teleport to him and "steal" it, A would kill the wolf.




M got really frustrated and went off on him on discord, so A blocked him, M then proceeded to message him on origin and pointed out everything he didn't like about A's personality. M said that A was a "coward and a little shit" and that he had a too short Fuze, that he made too much physical contact, wouldn't stop doing something when you told him to, and that he was just annoying. I think that M went way overboard and that he should had confronted him face to face and in private. 



A quoted what M said in the group chat for the server and then reminded M that they both have to go to school tomorrow, M saw this as a threat or a challenge to fight. 




And since I only have two friends in my class (and we only have eachother as friends in our class) , and the other friend is friends with both of M and I, and I'm afraid that if I confront M about the situation that he will get pissed and distance himself from me, and since we only have one common friend in the class, that friend will have to choose who he wants to be friends with, which would leave one of us completely alone. 

So I am extremely torn between siding with A and either loose all my friends in the class or leave someone completely alone with no one to talk to, or siding with M and leaving all of my other friends in the other classes. 


I feel sick to my stomach when I try to think of what I could do, because I only see two outcomes from this situation. If you have any advice, please comment or PM me.