My despicable legacy
Today, as 25th may I've decided to kill myself. Not sure if it's because I've finally gathered enough confidence, or if it's because I finally understand things I didn't before. I do not seek help, however, attention would be nice, to be heard at least one time in my life; to finally show the world my most secret flaws, my archivements, the things I've accomplished, the bad memories, overall: to finally tell my despicable legacy. 

I feel invisible. 

I've been invisible my whole life. While never completely ignored, always felt invisible. 
I feel alone, even when I'm with the ones that are close to me; it is something I've been trying to stop for around 10 years, but finally give up.

At first, I was born as an accident, I've never been told that, nor made feel that way, but is clear that a mother who is 19, and a father who is 21, didn't exactly planned a child outside even a stable relation. 
I was lucky to be born in a somewhat rich family. I lived with my mother, her parents and my uncle until I was 5, then moved to a flat, with my mother and her new husband. 
From 0 to 4 life was decently good, I don't personally recall any bad experiences, but I was told recently from my grandmother that I would usually cry and reject being taken from my home to hers. I don't know why. 
My dad was poor by that time, he was still studying as a ecologist. He was present, to be fair, he was more present when I couldn't remember. 

From 5 to 12 I lived in the flat I mentioned early. I was there alone most of the day. Now I think, what kind of parent would leave a kid alone in a flat at the age of 5? Well, one that clearly didn't care enough. At 6 I joined school, the same monotous hell I assisted for 12 years. I never really fitted with the average person. I wasn't an outcast, or a creep, I had friends. They weren't good friends, but they were friends after all. We would normally go to each other houses and play together, watch movies, etc. 
I never did good in school, I barely did decent. Parents reacted in the only logical way they could think of, by beating me. Luckily my mother and dad broke up when I was around 3, so each of them went their way. 
My father never, ever hit me. He was a rational man who believed in dicipline through love, tho he never showed me love. 
Nothing particulary especial happened from the age of 6 to 12, besides being bullied by some classmates; leading me to bully the ones who were weaker than me, which I completely regret. 

At the age of 10 this odd feeling started in my chest, some kind of void? Some kind of sucking force that was draining my energy, my happiness and somehow, my willing to live. I didn't understand it. I had no idea why it was happening. Suddenly, the world was no more love painted. A great hatred towards this new enviorement grew in me. To see everyone as an enemy. Years later I understood that was when my depression began, my daily prison, the loneliness I feel every day; that was the starting point. 
At 12, I cannot recall what was in especific that made me cut, but something made me look for some kind of redemption in flagellation. I enjoyed it to some degree. I never did it to a serious level, and I stopped fairly quick, it only lasted for around 6 months. Months of carving my hatred and depression in my horrible body. 
I forgot to mention that I've been called, or been made feel ugly my whole life, untill today. So a natural doubt about myself, and my body arise, and it's been here with me since so long... 

At this point I'm a bit drunk. Getting everything ready for my departure, as I listen to There's no beauty left here, amazing album. 

Sadly I never got hug any significant another, let alone kiss. I never felt the love of someone else, never got to cuddle anyone, to trust, to love, to have sex with, to share my thoughts. I've always been by my own, I've always been alone. What saddens me the most, is that I've never been heard. I've always been ignored.

Invisible. That's what I've been feeling like for about 4 years. 

Everyone around me gets talked by others. Others interact with others, but not me. 
It covers many aspects, not only been talked but... I don't know how to explain it. I am a somewhat smart person, but sometimes I believe I'm really invisible? 
Sometimes I talk to people in real life, and they just ignore me? 
Philosophy has been an interesting topic for me, yet I cannot answer myself. If I'm ignored like that, am I even there? Was I part of a community? 

But this is about the good things I did, too. 
I joined the fire brigade. Had a good time there, it filled myself more than any other activity, I helped men, women and children. Tho it was never enough to bury the loneliness and emptiness I felt. 

I also rescued a kitty that was pregnant! I called her Mamou, she had 4 little kitties which I gifted to people I knew who would take good care of them. 

But it's been 2 years since I've been living on my own, Mamou died 3 weeks ago, which made me realize the futily of life. But overall, made something a bit more clear for me. It wasn't hatred what I felt for the world, but disappointment. We've come so far as a species. We have so much potential, but it's been wasted, and me myself I am guilty of this. I haven't done anything remarkable. 
I am disappointed at the selfishness, the antipathy, the greed, and the distancing of humans. 

For those reasons I am sorry for whoever will have to clean my body, or cremate it? I am sure my parents won't want a funeral for me. I mean, even less with whats going on with the world right now 

That leads me to my next point, betrayal, backstabbing and abandon. That's what some of my friends did to me. They ditched me out of their lives like a spent torch, like a used tissue. 
Sure, I did a mistake, I admit it. I did many mistakes. But looking at them in a objective way, is not much different of what our true nature is, in other words, I never did something worth abandoning your friend, and then getting them fired of their job.

Quarantine is fucked up, makes me realize that the little chances I had of meeting someone before, now are completely gone. Tho it hasn't been all bad, I got fit. I lost a lot of weight. I've read hundred of classic and cult books, same for music. 

Anyway, to the last point. The things I most regret in life? Probably not being more myself, that would have probably brought more pain, but it is uncertain. 
I regret never meeting and loving someone, it was harsh seeing everyone around me find someone, everyone but me. 

If you made it this far, I cannot properly explain how much I appreciate the time you dedicated reading this. This is more attention than all the one I've been given through my whole life. It felt really good to open up after so long

I am Tomás Renard, these are the last words I want to say before leaving this world, and venturing into the next one. If anyone is concerned, know I will leave happy that at least read this post. I will leave with the only thing that has been here for me my whole life, a nice bottle of pipeño wine