I’ve been off dating apps for 3 months and...
I’m 23 year old female, and I had been on tinder and bumble for a little over 2 years. Now, I wasn’t very active, but there were days and nights that I was bored and wanted someone to talk to. No harm in that.
But, once I graduated I started to realize I wanted more than just casual conversation; I wanted to find love. 
So I deleted Tinder. I mean, it’s just creepy guys anyway right?
But I kept bumble because it seemed like the way to go. I would talk to multiple guys daily, sometimes we would even exchange phone numbers and snapchats. Some of the guys were douchebags, some were genuinely nice. 
Out of all the guys I talked to, I only met 2 in person. Now, I did get asked on dates, but then most guys would cancel the day (one time the hour) before. 

Online dating for me was a never ending “talking” phase. People wanted to talk daily, but never wanted anything to go past a screen. I had fights, anxiety, even tears over some of these guys.

I was having relationship problems without being in a relationship .

You may say that speaks more to me and my personality rather then there’s, but I think it shows what online dating really is for different people. For me, I was looking for a relationship. I was looking for “the one.” While many guys were looking for “the one...for right now.” They we’re looking for a distraction, not a commitment.
I would complain to my friends saying “no one wants me,” and i had data to back it up. Guys would ghost me, use me, drop conversations, and it felt like I was undesirable.
 
Finally I decided enough was enough. I deleted Bumble. I was free ... so I thought. 

The first week I felt like I was on withdrawal. Who was I to talk to? What if that one cute guy messaged me back and now can’t get ahold of me? What if, what if what if. Those two words rang in my head daily. 

By week two I had started to notice that there were men around me that were nice and caring, but I still was tempted to re download the app because checking it had become so routine. 

By the end of month one I felt completely free. I felt a new found sense of confidence. If a guy really wants to be with me, he’ll ask me out. I’m worthy of being chased and I’m tired of chasing. 

By month two I had started to see my life rebuild. I was putting all the energy I had reserved for boys and put it into my relationship with friends, family, God, and myself. I started creating my own affirmation instead of looking for someone else to give it to me. I even was asked on a few dates with guys I met IN PERSON. 
I guess I realized that I’m special and I should be treated as such.

Now that I just finished my third month I feel like I should get a sober chip or something. Online dating/constant affirmation is addicting. It’s so easy to make virtual boys have power in your life. 

I still feel lonely sometimes, but the difference is I know I’m not alone. I know that these temporary feelings are just that: temporary. 

A right swipe won’t fix them, and that’s okay. 

I just wrote this to share my story and to encourage a young woman or man today. If you feel like a dating app or website is bringing you stress, lowering your self esteem, or gives you anxiety, I challenge you to 2 weeks free of them. 

It’ll be hard, but I can safely say it’s the best thing I’ve done for me, myself, and I.