Is it not normal/detrimental that I never 'chase' women?
Hello,

I have some experience online and IRL dating. I strongly prefer IRL. During both, I totally prescribe to the principle that I will never "chase" a girl. I will never spend 1 second convincing anybody that spending time with me is a good idea. 

Because I am a male dating in the US, I understand that it is mostly our 'job' to make the first move. However, after I have made my intentions clear, I do not ever follow up if I do not get a response.

This has undoubtedly lowered my dating pool, but every relationship ive been in has been extremely meaningful because I know that she was 100% about it as much as I was. 

For instance:
If a girl dosnt reply back to my text, I'll probably never text her ever again until she gets back to me (unless the text I sent her didnt leave any room for a response or something).

Here is an example: I met a girl in real life. We hit it off. We met at a show and had a great time. We met another time at a show and had a great time. 

After some back and forth texting I asked if she was available to maybe have some lunch that week. No reply. 

A week later she messaged me asking me where I went. I told her that because I didnt get a reply from her, I wasnt really interested in continuing. She told me exactly this "I'm so sorry! I was busy with XYZ, I don't want you to think I dont like you"
I said "awesome because I like you to and I'm glad you reached out. What are you doing this weekend, I'd love to take you out on a date friday night if you are available"

Again, no response. 

Maybe she didnt like me as much as I thought. Maybe she didnt like the word 'date', maybe something terrible happened, maybe she dropped her phone. 

The entire point of this thread, reddit, is this:

I subscribe to the "Fuck Yes' or "Fuck No" mentality when dating. Every single step of the way, if she is not right there with me, then I lose interest.


Should I be double-texting girls? Should I be following up to see if they get my message? Should I ever express interest more than once? Am I doing this 'wrong'?