I hate humanity so much.
It's nothing but selfishness and double standards.

You can be complaining about the cruelness and unfairness of the world with someone who agrees and even contributes to the conversation, but the moment you hint at having suicidal ideations their mind suddenly shifts and they go from talking about how the world is awful to it being this beautiful place where you can find hope in any situation. People's minds just suddenly changing like that suggests that they don't truly believe in either. Why should I have faith in your forced words?

It's perfectly okay to strip people of their homes when they're financially struggling, and it's acceptable to shove someone into a corner with little to no solutions, but committing suicide? No, you're not allowed to stop your pain. "If you're suicidal because of a lack of money, we'll hospitalize you, do jack shit to help you, and then charge an insane amount of money for it." And when you're released you're expected to be completely fucking cured and to go back to being a mindless, content slave. "If you don't like being a slave, then fuck you. You can starve, because we're not going to help you. You're not useful to society so you mean absolutely nothing to us. Oh, but... don't kill yourself, because we actually care." 

Life is shitty from the very beginning. Even as a young kid you're forced to attend school for eight hours a day and have to deal with the stress of tests and exams that determine your classes and if you're able to move forward to the next grade. Fucking 9 year old kids shouldn't have to deal with that kind of pressure. It's incredibly unfair and even as a child I knew that the education system was/is bullshit. But if you don't finish school it just makes the rest of your life even harder. You're never given a break. After or even during school, you're expected to get a job. All of the time you could have had to yourself is just gone. You never have the chance to do anything *you* want to do anymore. People stay up later and get less sleep than they should just so they can have a few hours to themselves before they have to worry about their responsibilities again. And it's a cycle that is just supposed to continue until you're too old to do anything else with your life. It's depressing shit.

Why am I mentally ill for wanting to break out of that cycle? Why are people *not* considered mentally ill for seeing this lifestyle as normal and thinking that it's possible to be happy living like that? Call me weak, lazy, etc. But I just can not mentally or physically handle the responsibilities and stress of life. It's always been too much for me. The world and everyone in it is unbelievably cruel. Situations like the one we're dealing with now just put people's natural selfishness on full display; buying everything before anyone else can, leaving their homes for unimportant reasons, etc. No one cares about anything or anyone else other than themselves. I can't seriously believe anyone who says otherwise. The proof is all around you and it's impossible to ignore.

I'm tired of all of these bullshit "solutions". Hospitalizing me and trapping me in a psych ward isn't going to fucking help me. It's counterproductive as shit and is just further proof that medical "professionals" don't know anything and lack any sort of empathy. You have to be fucked up to think that locking multiple people with different issues and illnesses together is actually effective and will help anyone. I don't care about your hotline spam and cookie-cutter "advice" either. No, it doesn't get better. My life has only gotten harder, and will continue to do so. You don't know me or what I'm dealing with. Stop acting like you know all the solutions to my problems, as doing so just makes you come off as incredibly ignorant. 

I don't want help by pills being shoved down my throat or by countless therapists telling me the same things but worded slightly different. I want out. Out of this life before it can get worse. I'm tired of being a part of this sick game where everyone loses in the end. If you actually cared about me and my happiness and not your own, you'd give me the option of a peaceful rest.