Are humblebrags allowed?
My ex husband left me with crippling debt (signed up for things with my info without my consent and never paid on them). As of this upcoming Friday I only have one account left in collections! It’s strange to say but the CARES act is allowing me to repair my credit so I can buy a house in the next couple years! 

I can’t really tell anyone in my family because they’re upset that I’ll be buying a house over 2000 miles away from them, and they’d take it as me rubbing it in their faces. My parents never taught me how to budget or live within my means. My dad taught me not to bother saving money because it will just get stolen (he emptied my savings account to pay off his chain of payday loans - he’d been taking one out to pay the last and apparently considered my money to be up for grabs). 

It feels shitty but also great to be able to say that as of right now, I am better than them. I’m better because I will be a better parent and I will teach my children from a young age how to earn and manage money. I’m better because I won’t steal from my kids. I’m better because I live within my means and am open and honest with my new husband about money and finances. 

The best thing they taught me is what not to do, and I will always be grateful for that lesson. Now to get that last $1800 paid off!

Edit: I’ve been told I’m an asshole for the part where I said I’m better than them. It wasn’t meant to be a superiority complex thing. It’s a declaration that I’m choosing to do things better, for myself and my future children. My parents were children in the 70’s. They were adults in the very late 80’s. They know how to budget and pay bills. They CHOOSE not to live within their means. To this day my dad won’t discuss finances with my mom or even let her see if there’s any money saved up for emergencies (and he’s the compulsive spender, not her). To this day they have nothing saved for retirement save for a tiny pension my mom will get from a job she worked at years before they met. They don’t have a 401k even though my dad worked for the same company for over 20 years, because he kept deciding to pull money out of it to go on vacations. 

So if you want to call me an asshole? Fine. But remember that everyone else seems to understand the concept that you can either be just as bad as the people who raised you, or you can do your very best to learn from their bs and rise above it. Not you though. You lack the reading comprehension.