Recently started a job in a newly-created role. I've been getting minimal guidance or training and I'm not sure what to do.
Context: as in the title, I've recently started a new job in a role that was newly created within an established, ~100 person software company. Basically, the plan was to hire someone full time to do a particular job that one team (team A) had a rotation for, and wanted to stop doing since it's out of the scope of their own roles. The people in team A work mostly remotely, and it's them who are my "customers" (and who I work with the most so far). However, I'm organizationally a member of a different team (team B) whose manager I report to. It's a weird structure and I got a sense of the weirdness during the interview process when the hiring manager (the manager of team A) revealed I would be reporting to someone else.

While it makes sense for me to be a part of team B given the set of tools and technologies I'm working with, since joining I've had almost no official training with either of the teams. My current training has consisted of shadowing members of team A as they do the job I've been hired to do, though this is proving difficult as they are all remote and keep doing parts of the job without me. I've also had very little official contact with either of the managers. At other companies I've worked for, I'm used to having weekly one-on-one check-ins with my managers (and sometimes daily check ins during onboarding), and after four weeks on the job, I haven't had a single one. Manager of team B (my manager) has assigned me some projects, which is fine, but they're all relatively advanced and have little to do with the job I was actually hired for (I also haven't been getting much help on them). As time goes on I do want to spend more time on these kinds of projects, but for now I first want to establish myself in the job I was hired to do. 

Truth be told, I'm starting to get worried. I'm still not sure how I should be spending my time, how long training should take, and how to get the training I need. I'm also relatively isolated since my primary customers are remote. It's clear to me now that little thought was given to this role's day to day, and there was (and is) little coordination between the leaders of the two teams regarding this role. I'm imagining it was basically team A saying "there's this job we don't like and we want someone else on team B to do it for us", and team B saying "sure, we'd be glad to have another person". I'm also totally unclear on how I'm going to be evaluated. Will I be reviewed by team A or B? What should my goals be? When should I expect to be ramped? How should I learn what I need to know? Who do I need to please?

I've been trying my best to manage in this unorganized situation, but as of right now it does not seem sustainable and I need clarity from my manager. Unfortunately he's definitely hands off, and while not a bad guy, mentoring does not appear to be a strongpoint of his. What do you recommend I do in this situation to get the guidance and clarity that I need?