I imagine my suicide almost daily
Hi Reddit. I don't know where to start. But the fact I am here now writing this is proof to myself that something is wrong with me. I'm not sure if I should begin with my childhood and work up to now or if I should just flat out say what's bothering me right now. But more or less, I think about killing myself; at least once, every day. When I wake up first thing in the morning I feel a gaint rush of anxiery and dread over the fact that once again, I did not die in my sleep and I have to somehow live today. Every night before bed sometimes I imagine my eventual suicide and I smile because I know that's probablly going to be one of the 'happiest' moments of my life. I get so nervous thinking about killing myself though even though the concept beings me peace, because I was raised unity christian growing up so I am worried I will go to hell if I do commit suicide. I also fear being stuck in 'purgatory' if I do commit suicide (which is almost just as bad as hell) if not considered actual 'hell' in some religions. I stay up at night fearing going to sleep sometimes as well because I have such vivid and intense dreams. I even dream about attempting suicide in my dreams and when I have those types of dreams I usually wake up and immediantly run to the bathroom to go vomit. What else can I say? I have Ptsd from surviving an armed robbery at my work and I have survivor's guilt because I feel bad for surviving it and not being able to just go back to my ordinary life now.  (Instead now I have ptsd and I fear even going outside to the groceey store. ) I feel guilty because the other girl that survived the robbery is fine and seems to be living her life and traveling and is unafraid (where as I have trouble even going outside period after what happened to me.) I feel like if I couldn't just bounce back and act 'normal' like her, that perhaps those guys should have killed me that night when they were pointing the gun at me to rob my place of work. So I have survivor's guilt but I also hate myself. I really hate who I am. I hate my looks. My voice. My choices in life. Everything basically. I am a 22 year old female and I have thinning ultra fine brown hair that's not very thick at all and I am so self concious about my hairline and lack of thick hair that I don't even want to go out in public or even be seen because I feel so disgusting and ugly that I have had random teenagers point at me in public and make gagging noises over my appearance. I know I am not always ugly because I have actually modeled in the past. The thing was I used hair extensions and make up to hide my discolored anorexic looking skin and acne, and to make my hair look as beautiful on the outside as I felt on the inside.  Then my hair started thinning out so bad that I couldnt wear hair extensions anymore and I am at the point where I should probablly wear a wig but the ones with realistic hairlines cost like $500 and I don't have that right now. My hair is also right now dyed this ugly ass copper penny color (auborn brown color faded) and my brown roots are large and they blend into the copper tones like an ombre but i know my hair is ugly. I went to cosmetology school but even I can't figure out how to fix my hair or make up. I thought I was alright at make up for a while and then I went back and really looked at my photos and that's when I started even hating my face with make up on.  I have gotten to the point where I hardly even wear make up because I know it doesn't look good on me. I just have an ugly face. My acne is bad and the make up doesn't hide it completely.  I feel like whenever I wear make up I just look even more ugly. Like the make up is enhancing all my insecurities. I have stretched ears too and I know people think that shit is gross so I am self concious about the fact that people probablly take one look at me and judge me to be homeless based on my outfits/lack of nice hair and make up and name brands. So on top of my ptsd and depression and anxiety, I am pretty sure I have some body dymorphia thoughts affecting me and how I see myself. I actually don't like to look in the mirror for too long because I actually get depressed seeing how ugly I am. I just imagine myself to look better than I actually do so when I see myself and my true ugliness, I get dissapointed and I hate myself for even trying to pretend to be pretty. That's another thing that I suffer from: Imposter syndrome. I suffer from feeling like a fraud or imposter most days. When I worked at different jobs like chipotle, and target, I still felt like any moment they were going to find out I wasn't really as great as they thought I was and they were going to fire me. I always fear people finding out that I have anxiety and then getting rid of me because of it. I try my best to hide it, but my ptsd is so bad that I have had to quit jobs due to my anxiety over being fired for attendence or something. I worry a lot. I compare myself to everyone else in the world and I think I am an imposter that is not as good as other people even at the things I love to the point where I don't even want to do the things I love anymore because I think I suck and that anyone can do it, probablly better than me. I used to have so many dreams and hobbies and now I just think I suck at everything to the point where I just don't want to exist because I don't think the world has any room for me. I feel like I don't deserve to live here on earth because I am such a loser. I feel like it is already too late for me and I will never amount to anything. I fear I will spend all of my life or the rest of my life in a mental hospital if I ever tell anyone these thoughts and feelings that I have so I try to keep it to myself but it's slowly eating me alive. I wish I could die. I don't want to be here anymore because I don't think I was ever meant to be here. I think some days that I was meant to kill myself. I feel like I am just another human taking up space and contributing to global warming. I just over all don't see any value to my life at all. I've let my depression and ptsd take over to the point where I don't sing anymore, write lyrics or draw or do anything I once dreamed of doing. I've deleted my social medias for the most part so I have nothing to do all day. I smoke weed and watch anime and that's how I have been spending my days but this isn't how I want to live my life and I know that but each dat that passes where I don't accomplish my dreams further puts me into a pit of dispair where I feel like committing suicide because it is too late for me to live my dreams. I worry I am too mentally ill now from what I have been through to ever actually accomplish my dreams and that concept alone makes me want to kill myself because I can already imagine myself being 80 years old and still watching anime and having no life and feeling the way I do now, and if that's what my future has in store for me, then I might as well just end my life right now. I don't have really any friends and I am too scared to go out and make them because I don't think anyone would ever want to be friends with me anyways because I am so nerdy and weird. I don't even know how to communicate anymore. When I go out to the store to get a sandwhich, I try to make small talk but I don't even want to do that. I don't like social interaction anymore even though I crave it sometimes from all the social isolation I have put myself through. When I say I don't know how so socualize anymore I really mean it. I go outside and idk wheather to make eye contact with people or weather to look down or if I should smile or not when I pass by people or if they think I am some homeless drug addict for doing that. I get so mentally stuck on what other people could be thinking of me that it makes it hard for me to talk to people in real time and keep up with their conversation or even know what to say to them and I worry that my face and eyes are giving away how scared I am to even be socializing and I worry it makes me vulnerable and an easy target. Okay, now, let me add that I grew up in an abusive home enviorment with a narcissistic dad and narcisstic mom. They were verbally,  physically, emotionally and sexually abusive to me growing up and even now they are still abusive so when I see them on holidays it is very hard on me because they say such hurtful things to me. I think that's why I care so much about what other people think, because my own parents told me I deserved to be sexually abused because of what I looked like. I had rainbow hair from age 17-21 and a septum ring and my own parents said that that made me look "mentally ill" and "easy to take advantage of" and a bunch of other hurtful things. To be honest the rainbow hair was the only choice I ever made for myself that I actually felt was mine and it made me happy. I also did it vwry beautifully because I went to cosmetology school so it was really beautiful. I'm sad my hair is too thin to allow me to dye it anymore but I used to feel good about myself when I looked that way even though my parents hated it. Looking back now, I still think I look ugly in a lot of different ways. Now, I must also add that I have an eating disorder. I currently weigh 132 or so but I'm a size small in everything. I used to throw up every day multiple times a day and I weighed 94 lbs. That's when I got a medical marijuana card and that helped me eat food again and stuff. My eating disorder is anxiety related so it doesn't have anything to do with body image. I just feel so stressed all the time that it's hard for me to eat anything because I am afraid it will make me feel sick and I will throw up so I am pretty thin because I hardly eat and I am very self concious about my eating disorder problems and the health problems that come with it. I am now also self concious about my teeth because from all the vommitting my gums have been receding and I am afraid to even show my mouth smiling because I am so self concious that my mouth looks like a drug addicts mouth or something. I do smoke weed but I didn't think weed could cause gum problems or teeth problems. I'm afraid to go to a dentist and find out how bad my mouth is. I know I need to go, but it's just one more thing to add to my endless list of things that are now stressing me out. I am sorry to ramble on and to make this post so long but since I haven't been established with a therapist yet, I have no where else to vent this and no one to say this to. I have to let it out somehow; so here were are. Anyways, after saying all this and seeing that this is my life, I feel like killing myself because I hate what a pathetic loser I am. I hate that I am not making music like I want to and instead I allow my mind to put me down so much that I consider committing suicide almost daily. I wish I could "just get better" so I can live my life again and make music and have my dreams happen. But I worry a lot that maybe my dreams were never meant to happen because I was born disadvantaged mentally (with anxiety and depression and phobias) I'm worried that because my mom and dad made me, I have their problems genetically passed to me and because of that, I am worried that some of my anxiety was passed down to me so any idea that I had growing up of me ever being a singer or an artist one day was foolish because I was born with the predisposition for anxiety so I was never meant to fulfil my dreams and me even dreaming them was stupid to begin with because people who are mentally ill like me can never accomplish anything/or it's extremely hard for them to accomplish things because their own mind is their number one enemy. That's basically what I worry/think/feel all the time and that actualization alone makes me want to kill myself the most because I feel abolsutely foolish and worthless. Worthless from birth and foolish for ever thinking I could ever be otherwise. This feeling...all these feelings are hell on earth for me and I can't take it anymore. I have created a hell on earth for myself within my own mind and it is horrible. My own thoughts on myself are so self sabotoghing that I can't do anything anymore. I've lost interest in everything. All my dreams. All my goals. Even hope of me feeling happy on my next birthday is dwindling. I don't even feel happy when I eat food, I feel depressed. I don't want to go inside a mental hospital because I know it will make me feel more sad and I won't eat the food there. I'll only eat the strawberries if they give them to me because I just don't like food. I know all this is affecting my health. I just don't know what to do about it. I already saw my doctor recently and she gave me a refferal for therapy and I am currently on a waiting list but my anxiety is so bad I haven't even called back to see if they can get me into an appointment. This is my life. It's shit. And I know I shouldn't be complaining because some people out there have it way worse than me so I feel like I don't deserve to have this platform to even tell people how I feel. I feel like I should just suck it up and move on but I can't.  I really want to just end my life already and stop taking up other people's time. If I've gone 22 years feeling this terrible I don't think I can survive anymore. I want to end my life but I am scared of going to hell if I do so. I'm not worried about hurting people by ending my own life. You can't convince me anyone (including my own family) would even miss me or really feel much pain past the initial shock of hearing my death but secretly everyone in my  family would be happy to see me dead because I don't think they like me anyways. I haven't talked to any of them in months,  some of them years, and I haven't seen friends either. I've been trying to make myself dissapear and fade into the background of people's lives for a while now. I used to be an instagram model until one day I realized everything about my life was shallow, empty, and meaningless and that's when I decided to just delete my instagram and fb...and myself. I don't think anyone hardly noticed my disappearing on social media because I had only 2 messages from people asking about it and those people don't talk to me very regularly anyways. I didn't have many followers on my instagram so I don't think anyone missed me much. I made this reddit over a year ago to post a story about how I almost was abducted into sex trafficking but it was too hard on me with my ptsd to re live what happened by telling the story again so I haven't finished my first post ever on the subject due to that. Anyways, I don't expect anyone to read this post or even see it. I don't think anyone will respond either because I don't think my life is that valuable compared to other people. I bet there are people out there that will see this post as proof there is a mental health crisis in america and that I should just end my life already if I am already in this much pain. I guess what stops me from killing myself is the fear of 1. Going to hell and 2. Possibly regretting it because I could have changed my life and got better somehow and braved the storm. :/ those ideas hold me back but it doesn't stop me from wanting to end my life when I am faced with any minor setback. I hate that aspect about me. I wish I wasn't like that. Anyways, I am sorry for making this so long. I wish this wasn't my life and that I did not feel this way but unfortunately, this is how I feel and I have to let it out somehow. I hope life can get better me. I hope I don't have to kill myself. I hope I can feel 'happy' again for a long time and have it be genuinley real. I hope I can get past this stuff and make my dreams come true but as each year passes I lose more and more hope that things could ever be better each time. I do not know how much longer I can take of doing nothing with my life. I'm sorry this post couldn't be happier. I'm sorry I exist. I'm sorry I exist at all. I'm sorry for complaining online and for doing nothing in real life to feel better other than crying. I'm sorry I am so weak and pathetic. I wish I could be stronger. I wish I didn't feel this way. I'm sorry.