Should I stay at this job or quit? Would I get unemployment in this scenario?
I have only been at the job for several months. I'm a machine operator at a manufacturing plant. The company has hit a slow period (so they say) and isn't running as many machines. I had a meeting with the HR manager and production manager today. They called us one by one to the HR office to talk about what is going on. Since I'm one of the newer people who doesn't know how to work all of the machines, they can't leave me as an operator presently. They want to demote me (and a lot of other people) from a production operator to a packer. That's over a $4/hr reduction in pay.

They overwork their employees. During a slow time like this, they'll want one operator trying to watch 5-6 (or sometimes more) ridiculously complicated machines. They want packers packing for several of their own machines, but during break time, you pack for your coworker's machines in addition to your own while they're on break. They do the same when you're on break. The whole process is broken. 8 machines is impossible no matter how fast you are. They pretty much told us either accept it or deny it and be laid off for like 1-2 months until business picks up.

I'm looking for another job, have lots of staffing agencies helping me find something reasonable (already completely all of their paperwork and interview process, just need an employer to interview with) and I just don't like the job. But I need the money for bills. Yet I can't go in to work and work myself to death figuratively with twice as many machines as is reasonable as a packer for much lower pay. Would I qualify for any unemployment if I just deny it and let them lay me off? They're doing this to people who have been there much longer than I have, as well. Yet my coworker told me they're going to demote our title to packers...but ask us for favors to watch machines while not in that job title. They're calling this the "curtailment" period. My previous production supervisor quit after years. My previous HR generalist quit. Lots of turnover at the company. The previous production manager just got reassigned to maintenance areas and no longer presides over production. It seems like they're lying and something big is happening.