I can’t tell if my department chair hates me or not
Sorry this is a long one. 

All semester she has just been extremely rude to me and keeps giving me constant criticism, even though she is not my advisor. I mistakenly told her that I have a psychiatric disability and I feel like she is holding that against me, even though I do not need disability services or accommodations. 

I have a fellowship and will be teaching in the spring, and she keeps asking me “if I’m sure I can do it,” because I’m not “stable” enough. I have taught and TA’d before, and my advisor will be monitoring my teaching, so I’m not sure why she keeps insisting that I can’t teach. She does not ask the other students in my cohort if they think they can teach, and I feel like this is directed at me because of my disability and age.  I also should note that I am on medication and I go to therapy, and have not had a mental health problem in quite some time. I wouldn’t be doing a PhD if I knew I couldn’t do it. 

I should note that most of my cohort is older and I am one of the youngest PhD students in the program (24). She has also said derogatory remarks about my age, such as “you might want to wait until you’re 35 rather than 25 to start teaching.” What?

It doesn’t help that she’s the professor of two of my classes, but she retaliates against me in class as well. We were asked to prepare a teaching demo in one class and she emailed me to come to her office so that she could go over my presentation. This was nothing but criticism and she kept giving me bullshit excuses as to why my presentation wasn’t good enough. For instance, I designed my materials so that they are accessible to disabled students. She said that it wasn’t pretty enough and that I should use more color, even though I told her that people with learning disabilities are able to read black text on a white background most clearly. There are other instances where she lashes out on me which doesn’t happen to other grad students. Plus, other students in my class have noticed how she treats me and have asked me about it. 

It’s just petty nonsense and I cannot deal with the constant drama every week. She’s the department chair until next year so she gets to decide what classes I teach. I honestly just want to finish this semester, never have her as a professor again and not have her on my committee. I’m honestly not sure what the point of this post is, I just need to get this out. I’m not sure if I am being discriminated against or if I’m being sensitive.