Starting over at 44: am I doomed?
So I'll be 44 this year, and I've been disabled throughout my adolescence and for all my adult life. I was diagnosed with autism at 42, and with ADHD at 43. Since entering treatment, my health has improved dramatically, and I'm now in a position to work towards things that I thought could only be dreams.

This poses a bit of a problem, since I have no idea what I want to do - or rather, I desperately wanted to study a language and then translate, but my home situation makes that difficult. I know that I want to go to university, but I have to decide what to study once I'm there, and what sort of work I not only want to do, but *will be able* to do. I'm educated to UK A-level standard, and am doing preparatory college courses to get me to the point I'm confident in my ability to tackle a degree.

I'm focused, driven and meticulous. I'm a problem-solver. I love data and detail. I love complex structures. I love puzzling out difficult things. I love going deep into one small field for years. I argue a lot, and I write well. I read very fast, and I'm a good researcher. I read Acts of Parliament and draw graphs for fun. I like numbers and logic. I do basic coding in around ten languages, and I use this constantly to fix problems around me. I do Japanese fan translations. ***I'm a learner*** - I love to study. Even at my worst, I've always worked to be better.

But I also have serious issues around my health. I can't do hard physical labour. I can't work routine long hours. I can work with people, but I'd need longer periods of working by myself. I put myself across well in writing, but in speech I come across as confused and inarticulate; I don't deal well with people. I have issues with memory and attention that make me prone to constant errors. I don't want to spend too much time in front of a computer, because it detaches me from the world that I need to be *in*, if I'm ever to accomplish anything in any job. I'd like to be able to work from home some of the time, but not all of the time.

I know I want to get a degree, just because it rankles that I've been to uni twice and don't have one. But I'm afraid that I'll take the risks, lose a lot, and still be unemployable at the end of it. I'll be in my 50s by the time I'm looking for work, an age when most people are terrified of losing their jobs because they'll never be rehired. And I don't know what my disability issues will look like in five years. I hope many will improve, but I would be a fool to think that many won't.

Am I fooling myself to think I can start out in a profession in my 50s, with no work history? Are there even careers for people like me?