[M-22] At 9:00 tomorrow I am expected to hand in my University dissertation, and have written nothing.
I suppose this post is not really about the stress of doing a dissertation, or my worries about whether I can complete it and pass university. No, that ship has sailed. Its more about the, now certain, failure of my degree and the pain and frustration of the last four, now wasted, years of university life. I'm worried for my future, not just because of my impending academic failure, but the person I now am after what should have been the trans-formative growing up years of my life.

Its hard to start from any specific moment or event, as to how I ended up at this point. Over the course of four years, things in my life just slowly drifted from an organised state where I had real potential achieving my goals and growing up into the adult I should be, to this ugly, passionless, existence where I seem to have regressed in my ability to do anything. I have failed not just my academics, but every other piece of university life - from extra-curricular societies to meaningful friendships, to having something as small as having a clean room. It makes it so much worse that while failing university I was not in the pub, or fucking a girlfriend, or experimenting with drugs, or being 'that douchbag with an acoustic guitar at parties'. Most of my time was spent in my room doing nothing. Fucking nothing. I've managed to take the shittiest parts from all the different segments of university life and mash them together into a frankenstien of shit, apart from its not a frankenstein its my life. 

Its worse when I consider beating my problems, something I've tried again and again. Once a year I'll have a moment, where I realise the issues in my life, I'd wake up to it all and start honestly trying to improve things. I'd visit the doctor and the therapist and start trying to fix things, but as quickly as I gain motivation, it'll die away and I'll stop bothering to come to appointments or do anything about it. This is what really kills me, knowing full well what actions I should take but being aware that in a month or so's time that fire just won't be there anymore. To simultaneously want to get better, but to self sabotage all my attempts to fix it is so awful and to go back to my zombie state of video games and reddit browsing - not because of some evil influence on my life, but because I don't feel like it anymore.

Anyway, thanks for reading. Its currently what I feel about my life right now. I'm probably going to go back to trying to forget about all this soon, maybe even by tomorrow morning I'll be watching a DOTA2 stream and doing my best not to think about my future, but its there and its bothering me.