I [21 M] have absolutely no idea how to meet new women without potentially creeping them out, how do you meet strangers these days?
So I really struggle with dating. I’m 21, a little socially awkward, not entirely ugly but I’m a short ass, which doesn’t help me with tinder or other online dating apps. I don’t really like them anyway, I do get some matches, but they never go anywhere at all. It feels so hard to get to know someone that way. I’ve come to realise the big issue for me is that I see hundreds of women who catch my eye, but approaching them in a way that is sensitive to the fact that they deal with creepy, shitty guys day in day out, and managing to break past that barrier and get to know them is basically impossible. Because of this, I just never try get to know girls I think are attractive. It just seems like a crazy idea to me at this point. I should probably mention to begin with that I completely understand that women tend to have their guard up around guys they don’t know for a very sensible and understandable reason. It’s the creepy pieces of shit who go out their way to terrorise women that are the root cause of all this. it’s completely normal to feel like this. I feel however that this is a problem not just for me, but probably hundreds of normal, everyday guys out there, who mean well but just have no idea how to approach women while being respectful of how weird it is to be approached by a stranger.

Like, how the fuck do people meet each other these days man? It’s a mystery to me. After school finishes it just becomes seemingly impossible to meet anyone to date. In class at college I try keep to myself, and try not to sit next to any girls I find interesting cause I don’t want to be that creep that sits trying to flirt with them when they’re just trying to get a degree. I wouldn’t want to date a co-worker, for obvious reasons. Online dating completely sucks as a way to meet someone unless you’re intrinsically good looking, especially for guys. Average looking guys just dont get that many matches, and women get too much to the point that they have to be pretty picky about who they want to match with. It’s kind of a broken system. I’ve never been the type to try have a drunken hookup with some girl I meet in a club, again people just aren’t that attracted to me until they see a glimpse of my personality, and that can take time, and it’s hard to get that across shouting over the music at some stranger you don’t know. That leaves the same group of girls I’ve been friends with for years, who I see most weekends and have had some flirtations with over the years, but I know that none of them really see me as dating material. I’m at a point in my life where I need to meet some new girls and start dating, but I’m completely stumped as to how to even go about it.

It basically leaves a few options that all just seem crazy. Basically, just approaching any girl you find interesting or ‘sliding into the dms’ of someone you kind of vaguely know, which just seem ridiculous to me. Like no girl wants to be approached by some random guy when they’re going about their business, and no girl wants some stupid reply guy filling their dm’s up with stupid hollow attempts to get to know them.

I really just don’t have a clue how to meet girls. I’m not a completely lost cause; I’m not some fedora wearing neckbeard. I’m a little socially awkward, and it can take time to get to know me, but aren’t we all like that? It’s just that the girls I know well have known me for so long they see me as just a friend, a drunken hookup at the very very best, and me being a little socially awkward means that meeting new people is something I overthink to hell. I see what girls put up with all the time, with random guys approaching them on nights out and hopelessly trying to flirt with them when they’re just trying to get on with their day, and I never want to do that. So, my question is: how the fuck do you meet people to date? It sounds simple, but it’s completely beyond me. I just wish it was as simple as seeing a girl you’re attracted to, saying hey, and getting to know them. I wish the world could be that friendly, but everyone has their guard up these days (for good reason) and it just doesn’t work that way man.