Need help drafting an email - issue with fingerprinting
  
Hi guys, I could really use some help with this situation (see below for details):

I got a job in a different city (from where I am currently located) which starts at the end of July. I received the offer at the end of April, and was told that it is conditional upon completing fingerprints. I then received a revised offer letter (in May) stating that although the employment is conditional on the fingerprints , if they aren't able to complete them in time, the start date would still be the same but "continued employment" is dependent on this.

I was asked to provide location preferences as to where I will be working as there are multiple site locations (it is a school). I still do not know where I will be working. I followed up about this over 2 weeks ago and they apologized and said they would be in touch the next week with more information... But they never sent more information. I am not sure how pushy I should be given that at this point no one knows whether schools will re-open in the Fall.

I just got an email on Friday saying that I need to schedule my fingerprints in the next 2 weeks. I just checked and the fingerprinting place in the city I am living now doesn't offer the service I need (yes, there are some like 40 miles away but I also am not comfortable going at the moment because I am living w/ elderly parents). I checked today and the fingerprinting sites in the city where the job is located are open... I ideally do not want to move before I know where I will be working.

I am not sure how to handle this.  Should I follow up with the person who sent the fingerprinting info and ask if I can get my fingerprints done right before the start date instead of in 2 weeks ?

The email also said: If you have any questions, please email {email address}... does this mean I should email or should I try calling? If email, what should I say in the email? I am worried that if I don't handle this the right way they will take away the offer. Thanks