A survival story for anyone who wants to hear it 🙂
I’ve been depressed since about age ten. The initial symptoms were nothing concerning considering I was starting to become a pubescent teenager; tired all the time, isolating, I started loosing friends, no suicidal thoughts yet but it was in the making. My family moved to Colorado and I had no real friends for two years. I made one good friend in seventh grade who later tried to bully me. My dad got more violent and angry as time went on. I dropped off the cliff around eighth grade. I remember crying late at night because I couldn’t fall asleep or didn’t want to and have to face the next day so soon. My parents, or rather my mom I should say, noticed and tried to help the way she knew how. I told her I was depressed, and she thought I’d meant a little melancholy. It wasn’t until a year and a half later that she figured out what’d been going on with me. I made it halfway through my freshman year of high school. I missed school frequently, I still didn’t sleep much at all, and I began cutting. My grades dropped and I got my first B since elementary once grades came in. My parents were concerned but they couldn’t understand why everything was falling apart all of a sudden. I was naturally the villain since they didn’t know what else to blame it on. I still panic a little when I think about standing behind my mom and listening to my dad scream vulgarities and insults over the phone about how it’d be easier to give up on me. He apologized but it’s hard to look him in the eyes after everything he’s done over the years. I was mentally dead by then. My plan was to climb into the mountains behind my house and freeze to death before anyone could find me. The morning before I was going to do the deed I skipped class and begged my mom to let me leave. When she didn’t I started thinking of how to accelerate my plan. There was a bridge across town tall enough to end it, about twenty minutes walk away. I walked past the counselor’s office before I was going to leave and paused for a moment. I was desperate, but not for death just for relief from my suffering. Thank god I made the right choice. I don’t remember how I got there but I talked to one of them, he specializes in mental health issues. It didn’t take long for him to call the police and my parents. Of course, I was escorted out of the school and sent to a mental hospital the next day. It took a while, half a year maybe, but I was prescribed antidepressants and I’m on my way to recovery. There’ve been a few rough patches since, one more mental hospital visit and carbon monoxide poisoning, but I’m alive and well. Maybe even happy I guess. I’ve taken up guitar, I’m learning how to sing, I started playing soccer again, and school, for the most part, is going well. During my lowest point I was more willing to die than give life another chance, but I’m glad I’m alive now. I’m not depression free yet, but it’s only a matter of time. Good luck to you all, it really does get better.