A specific question: Has anyone had a failed figure skating, arts or sports career?
I wanted to be a professional figure skater when I grew up. When I was 7 my coach discovered that I was talented. I landed doubles and almost triples by the time I was 8. However, due to a combination of not understanding how life works, my parents discouraging me, and growing a backside after puberty (for lack of a better word)...I ended up not practicing enough. By the time I was 12, I wasn’t improving fast enough and quit. 

To this day I don’t love anything else as much as I love skating. I wonder what would’ve happened if I’d practiced more. If my parents hadn’t said so many discouraging words. My dad especially had a temper. He would lash out at me and make me feel worthless. My parents would tell me I’d never be anything, this was just a phase and would yell at me so much before my lessons that I’d get upset. Then when I got home they’d give me so much work to do and tell me how selfish I was. 

I remember all the other parents who would cheer their kids on at competitions. Who would encourage their kids to practice. Some parents were even willing to homeschool their kids so they could pursue their dreams. I watched kids who weren’t as talented as me surpass me because they had worked harder, largely because their parents supported them. 

Maybe if I had those parents, I would’ve made it to nationals. Maybe I would’ve ended up skating for a traveling show. Two of my coach’s students made nationals. One of them wasn’t as talented as me to begin with but had really nice parents and worked really hard. This makes me think I really did have a chance. 

I’ve tried skating for fun and thought about getting a coaching license. But I’d be bitter about my wasted potential.

I graduated college a few months ago and I am starting my first job as a mental health specialist next week. It’s an amazing opportunity I’m very thankful for. I still resent my parents for having discouraged the one thing I loved more than anything else. I still think about what could’ve been and the fact that I might not find anything I like better. I hear a song, or it’s cold out, and I want to go ice skating so badly and there’s no other way for me to let it all out but I can’t. I have this gut feeling that I won’t find anything better. And my life is just not going to be the best it could’ve been. 

This is a very specific experience, but I’m wondering if anyone has gone through something similar? If you ended up finding a way after an athletic career ended?