Advice for getting my foot in the door
Hi everyone, new to this subreddit!

I never thought I would post on reddit about my current struggle but I just thought it doesn't hurt to try. 

&#x200B;

I'm currently pursuing an MS in Academic Advising from Kansas State University Global Campus. The reason why I chose this program is because it's 100% online and it will allow me to work full time (I'm at that point in my life where I cannot afford to not work full time). This would be my first semester and I loved it so far! I've known that I wanted to be an academic advisor since 2014 however, between then until now, I have not been able to secure any job in the higher education field. I know this is largely due to the fact that I have never done any job in college/university setting. All my jobs ever since I graduated in 2014 have been in social services ie: case manager for social services agency, administrative aide for housing agency, career coach for non profit and currently, career specialist for a non profit. At my current job, I work with high school students in the realms of college and career readiness. I do believe this role gave me many transferrable skills because I help these kids with college application process, FAFSA application, scholarships, etc.  

I've been at my current job for about a year and a half now and I thought, this experience would be enough for me to have at least a very basic entry level job at a university. However, it still hasn't happened. In the span of 5 years, I have managed to secure only 2 job interviews at a private university (and got rejected by the same university twice :( )

&#x200B;

Anyways, I am rambling. I guess my point is, do I even have a shot at finding a job in higher education? Is every single academic advisors and other student affairs personnels have background in higher education and that's why you are able to get a job there? Is there anyone else that's in the same boat as me? It seems like every professional that I have had informational interview with has that traditional pathway: worked as peer advisor during undergrad, got hired full time at said institution, then went back to grad school while working full time. I have yet to find anyone that works in higher ed with non traditional background, but maybe because the industry itself is not there yet?

&#x200B;

Thank you everyone, sorry for the very long post. I'm just trying to do as much research as possible.