I [17M] want to reinvest into my life early, where to start/tips?
I’m 17 years old, and over the last 5-6 years of my life, I’ve felt like I’m losing grip on what I know when it comes to how I’m going to live my life. I’m not the same anymore- better in some ways, but for the most part, I feel like I’m not on top of much concerning myself for my age. 

For example, I was supposed to start drivers ed at 14 1/2 y/o. I remember being excited about it yesterday. I remember being excited to get a job, and now I do nothing and am self aware of my own leeching habits of those around me due to their ability to drive, pay for food, etc. I’ve abused it, albeit subconsciously, but nonetheless I have. Another example is that I’ve got a very serious relationship that I’ve had going on a while. When I was younger, a year or so back, I took her on genuinely decent dates to nice places, but my parents paid because I did chores and was young and lucky enough. Now, we just hit our year and a half, and I didn’t even take her to dinner, and barely gave a present for her birthday. 

There are worse things to do, but I’m not proud of who I’ve become and what I’m doing with my life as of this point. I’m not dumb, I know I’m not, because I would’ve been shit out of luck years ago, yet I lack the work ethic or motivation. 

The worst part of it is my health. I’m a pothead, I’ve smoked daily for 3 years straight now, with the obvious breaks sometimes. But it’s bad, and so is my sleep schedule. My physical health was also way better a long time ago, so mentally and physically I’m just not me anymore. It’s not even about looks, it’s about not feeling under the weather or groggy or irritable. 

To everyone reading, it may seem like pandering to compliments or support, but that’s not my goal here. I’m just kind of trying to explain my perspective, so please bear with me if you will. 

Generally, the only things keeping me going are my girlfriend, family, friends and drugs. I don’t have much to say for myself. I haven’t done anything to proud of recently except make it this far.  I suppose I wrote this post because, like I said, I’m not entirely stupid, just kind of lost and don’t know what to do to even get myself the strength to get out of bed anymore. School counselors say I have depression and anxiety, and parents/close friends say I’m always stressed, so I’m clearly not me. 

The point is, I’m lost, and I’m not happy. I know I can be, but I’m not. Not like I was- I remember it. I need help. I could ask a sum of questions but it’d be too long. So, to shorten it: To any adults, or wiser people out there, how do I get back on track? How do I even start? Is there anything I can do get myself back on my feet before I make bigger steps? Is there any habits or small things I can start changing now?

Thanks for reading this far. I probably shared too much but this is pretty anonymous account (I hope). I appreciate any sort of advice I can get, anything you think will help.