Best thing I ever did was delete the apps and lay off social media
So I have been in the constant cycle of dating apps for a few years now since I got out of college. It has had it's ups and downs and honestly I wouldn't change a thing. About 6 months ago I had a small epiphany and realized how disposable the dating apps make people, guys and girls, because I was just as flaky. Anyways, around the same time I deleted all the apps, I decided to take facebook, insta, etc off my phone as well. I still check them from time to time but my rule is it has to be on my laptop, so I'm not checking throughout the day basically. It's given me some perspective, and I think I'm a little happier with my own life now, and I appreciate inner beauty much much more. 

I reconnected with a girl I dated on and off for a while earlier this year, but ultimately phased away from her because I didn't feel that "x factor" I guess. Come to find out, she just wasn't physically good enough for me. So I wrote her off subconsciously because I was shallow about image. Now that I don't care about social media and I am not constantly window shopping on dating apps, I had a drink with her and gave it an honest chance. She is so sweet, and we have so much in common. One of the only girls I have ever met to make me genuinely laugh out loud. I don't know what will happen long term, or even in the interim, but man is it a good feeling. As if a veil has been lifted from my face to reveal the finer things in life all these dating apps are masking. I'm not a white knight trying to preach to you guys and tell you that you're morons for being on the apps, I met this girl on bumble myself last year, I guess I'm just saying to have some perspective. I know a lot of us here feel like we are spinning our wheels sometimes.

Anyways, good luck to all you guys and gals. Sorry for any typos I typed this pretty fast while on the toilet at work. 



TL;DR : I deleted dating apps and managed my time on social media to better appreciate the more meaningful relationships in life