I wish humanity would burn to ashes.
I hate society and its concepts of virtue and success.

It's telling that it's taken an outbreak upending everything in society as we know it for people to start recognizing fucked up things.

Suddenly, some employers are implementing much more reasonable policies to allow their employees to work from or just stay at home.

Standardized testing requirements in some places has been suspended, almost like they've finally realized there are more important things on the line. Not that that matters to me, because I'm a college dropout that sees degrees as badges of blind obedience.

Carbon emissions have dramatically decreased. Don't know the full facts, but I've heard that air quality in notorious places like China is actually somewhat breathable now.

So I hate when people tell me things like how it gets better, or how I'm going to be successful. Everyone beats around the bush. No one wants to admit that I'm a horrible and talentless person that just hates everyone and everything. I wish humanity would burn to ashes.

I dropped out of college 3 years ago and I've been living with my parents since then. I have no job and don't really do much from day to day. About the only passion I have in life is video games, and I've recently found enjoyment writing reviews and overviews of RPGs on a personal blog. Of course, because I don't know shit about promoting it, it's never going to take off in views and I'll never be able to actually TAKE that passion anywhere.

So, as someone who's dead weight right now, this pandemic is essentially what I've wanted. A disaster that grinds human society to a screeching halt, so I don't have to feel guilty about being cooped up in my room all day instead of trying to throw myself at a wage slave job.

And yet it hasn't changed a thing for me. I still hate myself for even thinking such toxic things. I'm still useless. I still have no future. With each passing day, the feeling that I'm running out of time and have to die soon gets stronger.

The funny thing is that I see a lot of people feeling guilty for doing nothing all day but playing video games. Ironically, that's the life I've always WANTED. If I didn't have to worry about things like school, grades, finding a job, and so on, I could live at my own pace. I'd read more books, learn random interesting topics, immerse myself into human culture, and learn more about the world on top of further exploring my passion for gaming. And you could argue that I could do ALL of that stuff right now since I'm not attending school and don't have a job. But the constant internal reminder that I'm a waste of resources stops me from doing that. The thought process is that I'm going to kill myself in the future anyways, so why bother?

I was so close to the finish line. One of my current "obligations", if you can call it that, is that I've pre-ordered two copies of the upcoming Final Fantasy VII Remake. One for myself, and one for a friend who paid me to get his copy since he couldn't pre-order it himself for certain reasons. The plan was that once that favor was done, and once I've gotten a chance to finish the game myself, I could finally let myself die. 2020 would be the final chapter to my pathetic story. There were lots of other games that I'm excited for this year that I was willing to give up on waiting for because I wanted to kill myself before June.

But this pandemic has ultimately taken that away from me. The shelter-at-home orders mean that I'm never going to be completely alone in the house, so I can't just attempt a suicide without any huge risks. And even if I DID pull it off, the last thing I'd want is for the funeral/corpse disposal to be complicated because of this outbreak.

The one silver lining is that I'll now get a chance to play upcoming games like Xenoblade Definitive Edition and Trails of Cold Steel IV before the time comes for me to kill myself. But I'm not sure that means much when I'm a terrible person holding so much hate for humanity inside of me, as well as the general sense that I'm trapped in a corner because I'm a college dropout with no job, no future, and no way to escape a life of wage slavery and overwork other than suicide.

I hate the fact that I always seem to have trouble putting my feelings into words, too. I've been looking through and editing this post multiple times just to try and get everything down. Why is it that I have so much that I want to bitch about sometimes, yet when I have the opportunity to write or speak about it, the words simply evaporate like dry ice?

Deep down, I secretly wish someone would finally just man up and tell me that I'm useless, rude, and toxic. To me, finally hearing someone tell me that I'm a bad person will make it feel like I finally have permission to die.