Please help me
I don't really know what I'm doing as I write this. Maybe it's just the last thing I haven't tried. Maybe I just need to say it out loud. I don't know, but here goes regardless. What you are reading is the uncensored, unfiltered process of my mind. I have never been this vulnerable to anyone, even myself, but I feel like I need to be vulnerable somehow to someone, and this is the only way I can think to do it.

My name is Tyler Cooper. I was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, but since then I have lived in San Antonio and Maryland, respectively. I am 17 when I write this, going on 18 in three months. I add this incredibly personal information not only to tell you who I am as a human, but also to force myself to say things I instinctively hide.

I fell in love with someone who barely knew my name. She was the prettiest, smartest, kindest, and brightest person I ever met. Her megawatt smile used to be the only thing I looked forward to when I woke up at 4:00 each morning for early morning classes before school. Despite this, we never hung out. I wasn't 16 yet and my parents would have torn my spine out if I dated anyone before then, so I tried my best to keep things casual but it went nowhere fast. I knew where the line was between friend and stalker, and I was dangerously close to it. By the time I finally had my 16th birthday, not even 2 weeks before the day, my family packed up and moved to Maryland so my mom could continue her PhD. I was a wreck. Still am, some nights. I was so desperate I tried to start a relationship long distance to keep in touch, but all that did was burn that bridge entirely. I definitely came off as creepy, and in her shoes, I would do the same thing. I tried so damn hard to move on. I went on half a dozen dates with random girls whom I could tolerate, but just didn't connect with. I can't go back to San Antonio, where she lives. I don't have any chance at a career there without changing some major life decisions, and even if I did, I would be stupid to think she would take a chance on me after how I acted. She's probably already gone steady with someone by now, though it kills me to admit it. 

This isn't fair. I'm ruining myself over someone else. She didn't do anything wrong. She didn't mean to hurt me this badly. This is all my fault, because I'm an idiot and a hopeless romantic who has no clue in his walnut-sized skull how to move on from a lost cause. My grades are plummeting. I'm not eating as much as I'm supposed to. I tried dating other people and making new friends, but after a year of that I just want to be left alone. I tried suicide probably a dozen times, each time getting saved by a miracle. My therapist is trying so hard to help and he is doing a fantastic job, but no matter how hard I try I can't get past this one person. She means everything to me, even now. I used to feel butterflies anytime I thought of her. Now it's more like moths, filling me up so I want to vomit, acting as a cruel reminder of what should have been, but because of me, became something worthless.

She was lightyears out of my league for sure. She was beautiful. Hot, even, but she was so much more. She was ivy-league smart and friendly enough to make Robin Williams look coarse. She started wearing glasses during 6th grade that made her face shine even brighter, but when she eventually traded them for contacts, somehow that was even more radiant than before. Still, I liked to think I had a chance. I had to think that, in a way. There wasn't much choice, or so I assumed back then. She never once said a single word that lowered my self esteem. Even when she rejected me over text, she was kind and polite and understanding in ways no one else ever was to me. Even my closest family have never come close. Directly, she couldn't harm a fly, but indirectly, by virtue of simply being perfect, she ruined relationships for me. How can I possibly love someone who gets angry too easily or can't hold a conversation when I know that SHE exists? I judge people harsher than they deserve, because I've seen someone that no one could compare to, including myself.

I don't want sympathy. I have a therapist for that. I don't want a pep talk or any meditation or hypnosis tricks. Trust me, if you've heard of it, or even thought of it, I've already tried it 6 times. If you want to give me advice, just make sure you bring the receipt cause I've probably heard it a thousand times before. In all honesty, what I'm asking for is a miracle. Call this a prayer, if you will. A desperate scream into the void of the internet from a shattered boy who wishes he could love. I don't care if a million people see this. I don't care if 2 people see it. All I want is some hope that I will fall in love, and at this point the closest thing I have to love is faith. It may seem stupid at first, but I've seen the internet grant wishes before. I've seen medical bills paid and trees planted and even lives saved by communities of total strangers. I ask for a miracle, yes, but not a big one. I don't need someone to remove a tumor or save a village or send a satellite into space. I just need someone to tell me why everything will be okay. And yes, that would be a miracle.

Because I already know it won't be.