Fired after 3+ years
TLDR:
I was fired after 3+ years of employment with no warning / write ups

I started with the company in an entry-level tasting position back in early 2016. I have worked as a sales rep for the liquor brand in an "at will" state for about half of my tenure. 

For the first year as a sales rep, one of the owners was my general manager / mentor. Over the following 4-6 months, his authority was shifted and I received a different manager. To be honest, when that news was shared with me and the rest of the company, I was not the only one concerned with what might be going on (restructuring). A few weeks ago, I was called into a meeting out of the blue. (Just the day before my manager made me promise to take an extra day off that week since I was holding meetings on my day off) Seriously; when she called HR in with us, I thought we were going to talk about the raise I requested back in August.

Now, please remember that I have NEVER been written up or "talked to" while employed by this company --I was informed of two reasons for my dismissal:

 1. A buyer/bar owner expressed concerns about my consumption on company time. The thing is: 2 months ago I started taking anti anxiety medication. After a few weeks, I realized I should cut out the boozing and keep it a drink or 2 every couple days (in my industry 6-10 drinks in 1 day isn't super odd). So in the last month and a half, I can guarantee I didn't cause a ruckus. I'm also just not that type of drunk.- when I asked which account complained or date and time, they could not tell me. 


2. I voilated a from the employee handbook, which is cause for immediate termination: I was accused of coming into our showroom intoxicated. -- I have NEVER done that... At all. The assistant manager of tastingroom couldn't believe the accusation when I asked him about it. Yet again, they could not tell me when this occured. They already had my checks but not one piece of paper work showing any sort of problematic behavior. 


My manager was very kind and was very clear that I have her support and a glowing reference. Our HR lady was crying, gave me a hug and I'm pretty sure hinted at claiming unemployment (hope I don't have to appeal). No one knew of this happening aside from the ceo, hr and my direct boss. No one I have told could believe it especially those that know me well. 

I'm still in shock but I saw no to need to fight and cry; they had their minds made up. the ink on the checks was still warm from the printer so it definitely wasn't planned. 

But yeah... Unemployed for the holidays is definitely not stressing. At all.