Why god why use manipulated photos of yourself on online dating apps?
I matched with a girl a few weeks back and I was instantly like “wow she is so out of my league”. I carried the conversations and eventually she asked to chat on Messenger instead. She said she swiped me right because I’m an INTJ and I couldn’t really put this anywhere, lol. Conversations started to be finally more two sided. We had the “past relationships” thing come up and she talked like she is always wanted by guys and she treated them like trash, but: “you’re different, you’re funny, good looking, etc”. She kept sending me actually REALLY good selfies. She even sent a few one captioned “no makeup lol” and she was still beautiful.

We eventually set up a date after a few weeks of talking (work and stuff got in the way on my part). The day before we were meeting she told me how “this city’s air makes her skin look like shit” but she still sent a selfie and still nothing to be bothered about. She also kept saying how she is out with her friends and guys keep checking her out. I was like weird flex but ok. The day comes, she texts me “I’m not wearing makeup today btw” but I was like okay sure it’s fine, I prefer “natural” look anyway. We meet up and wow. I’m not all about looks but her face looked NOTHING like the photos she sent me and the ones she used on Tinder. I’m not saying small details looked off, but I swear nothing looked “right”. 


She hugged me and told me I look so much hotter in person than on my photos (I hate photos of me and I guess it shows lol) and I simply said “yeah sorry but I can’t say the same”. She obviously got awkward and admitted that she likes to draw and play around with photoshop, etc and she always touches up photos. I figured if there’s chemistry, fuck the looks let’s give it a go. The date was so bad. Like top notch awkward. I ended up telling her I don’t want anything I don’t have time for a relationship and I just don’t feel the vibe. She said “oooh I don’t want a relationship, I’m always like this with my friends”. Okay sure, I walked her to her bus and headed home. She kept texting me for days. I told her I’m busy with work and we haven’t talked for 2 days now.


What did she expect? I’d fall in love with her through text and I wouldn’t notice/care about how fake she was? She said the friend thing because she thinks she can eventually “win me over”? I’m not a guy about looks but FUCK it just made me furious. Even the fucking selfies she sent me has been touched up in PS. What on Earth did she think she will achieve?