I'm 23, I graduated college six months ago, and I'm still unemployed. Do I stick with what I went to school for or chase my childhood dream?
I had my 23rd birthday this week, which was also almost six months to the day since I graduated from college with a degree in video production. In these past six months I have done essentially nothing with my life. It has been a constant mental battle trying to figure out just where exactly I fit in the real world. I'm torn between potential career paths and paralyzed with fear that I won't make the right choice.

While I certainly enjoyed my production classes and learning about the world of media in college it was never what I set out to learn at the start. I began my college career as an engineering student, but difficulties with my school's math classes forced me to change my major after my freshman year. I changed to the "university studies" major, which is a nice way of saying undecided, and floated around taking business, sociology, and media classes before the deadline for me to declare a major. I chose media production because it was what I enjoyed most of the areas I had studied, and because it reminded me of the fun I had doing the lighting for school plays in high school. But I honestly have no desire to spend the rest of my days editing news clips or sports highlights.

My true passion has always been cars. I've spent countless hours since I was young researching and learning about cars, and different ways to maintain and modify them. I always wanted to have a project car, and eventually become a mechanic but my parents wanted me to drive something safe and new, and to get a bachelors degree so I could get a "real job." Now I finally have a project car, but I'm too afraid to do anything with it because I've had the idea that I shouldn't waste my time and money on cars drilled into my brain by my family. They are also very white collar, and whenever I bring up the idea of becoming a mechanic again it is almost always dismissed for reasons such as "you won't make enough money to support a family." 

So what do I do? I need to start working soon at this point, because I want to start moving forward with other aspects of adult life like saving to move out of my mom's house, and dating (which I have not had much luck with since I'm unemployed and live with my mother obviously). I enjoy video production, but I'm not passionate about it like I am with cars. However, I actually have some background with videography whereas I have very little hands on automotive experience, and I would likely have to start out doing oil and tire changes for around $10/hour before I could move up to a full mechanic position. Either way I'd probably only make around $30-40k a year in the end whether I am a video editor or working as a mechanic at a dealership.