Is protecting America the same thing as protecting Americans?
*[I'm going to preface this post by admitting that I have a definite position on this issue, and although I try not to let that get in the way of considering opposing views, I concede in advance that I have a bias.]*

In reading [this article,](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-22809541) where the US Director of National Intelligence justifies recently revealed government intrusions into private communications, I noticed him make a very common conflation of two concepts that sound similar, but I propose to be distinct: **protecting America versus protecting *Americans*.**

The programs the director is defending are presumably counter-terrorism efforts. But in order to accept that thwarting terrorism is equivalent to protecting America, you have to believe that terrorist plots represent an existential threat to the nation. That means the potential attacks would be a coordinated effort likely to kill many millions of citizens, cripple our infrastructure, defeat our military and compromise our government institutions all at once. [The evidence doesn't support that terrorism rises to this level.](http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2013/04/statistics-you-are-not-going-to-be-killed-by-terrorists.html)

The Soviet Union, with its bellicose threats and thousands of nuclear-tipped ICBMs aimed at the US, represented an existential threat to the nation. Imperial Japan, having invaded dozens of lands in a steady, five-year march across the Pacific, culminating in a full-scale aerial assault on a US naval base, represented an existential threat to the nation. Nazi Germany, having conquered half of Europe in just two years, and with its submarines attacking US shipping within sight of the East coast, represented an existential threat to the US.

Instead, what I think the Director is saying — probably without recognizing a distinction — is that these terrorists are a threat to American *lives.* But that's not the same thing. The loss of American lives, tragic as it is, does not in itself represent a threat to the nation.

In fact, it could be argued that the best way to protect America — traditionally the land of freedom, liberty, and justice under the law — would be to eliminate all these domestic surveillance programs, targeted killings, indefinite detention and the other associated anti-terrorism measures, because they themselves are a bigger threat to the American way of life than anything a terrorist can muster. But if we accept that terrorism does represent *some* level of threat (albeit not existential), supporting a reduction in counter-terrorism efforts means we would accept higher risk to our personal safety in exchange.

So, the question then becomes, are you willing to slightly increase the risk to your life in order to protect what it means to be American, or do you believe that it's the responsibility of the military to protect American lives, potentially at the cost of the American *way* of life?

-----

I'd like to make two observational side notes here: 

1. Reddit's readership skews decidedly young. If you were born after roughly 1988, America has been on a war footing since you were a teenager. You probably have no personal memory of what American society felt like prior to the September 11, 2001 attacks. There was no TSA, no Patriot Act, no warrantless wiretaps, no Department of Homeland Security, no prison at Guantanamo Bay, no drones, no "Homeland" or "24," and most importantly, terrorism was generally seen as something that happened far away. For you folks, defending "the American way of life" may seem like a foreign concept, because for your entire adult life, this is the way America has been. I'm making some broad assumptions here, and I'm sure not everyone falls into this category, but as an older redditor, I want to point out that a large portion of the population remembers what it felt like to live in a country where the recently revealed government intrusions would have been considered a shocking overreach, rather than part and parcel of an extensive security mindset.
2. The traditional job of the US military has been to protect the nation from *existential threats,* while it's the role of law enforcement agencies to protect *American lives.* One of the reasons we don't involve the military in law enforcement tasks is because they have the tendency to view everything, including the citizens, as a threat.