Impostor syndrome, or is it just that I’ve been misjudged in giving that job?
I have just started a new job 3 weeks ago, in which I feel hugely out of my depth. Now, I’m no rookie, I have been working in this field (higher education) for the last 20 years, but I feel I have no idea how to do this new job! I have worked in the UK, in mainly successful or very successful universities, in administrative roles (exams, paperwork of any sort, meetings, daily life, lectures timetable...etc) I have now started in a tiny (50 students total) private uni in Europe. This organisation has no money (website is on a free site, marketing budget for the year barely covers the minimum requirement: we have limited supply of brochures, which are needed to advertise!, only 2 of us in marketing and recruitment -my new title- money for 1 international student fair and about 10 in the year in Europe). Basically, compared to the budget/reputation I worked at in the UK, it’s maybe 5% of what I knew... so, restrictive is not even the word. To compound my feelings of going nowhere, I have been given a marketing and recruitment role (managing one other person doing just marketing -he’s young and good at it, but scattered in his approach and his English needs reviewing a lot), while I have zero experience in marketing and as for recruitment, I used to attend students fair about 10 times a year, but never really thought about it too seriously, because we weren’t really begging for students to enrol. In this role, I’m expected to have concrete results, with no tools or skills to do the job!! I feel so inadequate! My partner says it’s typical to feel this way after 3 weeks, that I need to structure my day in researching things, that I have imposter syndrome, but because I’m hard working (already done 5 hours extra that I need to get back -not that I think I’ll be able to, because I’m so busy all day... but not actually doing anything of substance). Basically I’m unprepared in my method, because I don’t know what I am supposed to do! I think ‘I cannot sell the program with such a crap website’, so I go and try and improve it, it takes 4-5 hours and is marginally better after that, but then, it’s still not great. Then I research potential partnerships with other universities (so they could maybe send students to us for a semester or two), but I have no idea how to approach them formally, what to suggest, even if they’d laugh at the idea... Again, my partner says you could just try and see, you lose nothing, but I think I may lose a good opportunity by just suggesting something random and ridiculous. I recently contacted someone who organised a ‘concerting’ of universities for quality purpose, but she immediately dismissed me, as we’re nit of the caliber she’s after. Basically, I do not know HOW to go about things... at all... and it somehow paralyse my every attempt. I research things to death, and I waste time, faff and don’t achieve much... I know it’s been 3 weeks, but again, I haven’t managed to secure one meeting with an international school nearby (as it’s a program offered in English, in Belgium). Is it me, or was I totally mis-judged and wrongly chosen for the job... any advice?