Wife is stuck in a career hole, what can I do to help?
5 years ago my wife graduated with psychology degree and planned to go to occupational therapy school to become an occupational therapist. Upon graduating, she applied to a school close to the city we live in, and did not make it in. This was apparently normal for this school, and a few people she knew that had been accepted told her to get some part-time experience in the field, and apply again the next year. This is exactly what she did and the second go round she got all the way to a second interview and crushed it. Thought for sure she had it this time, but, no. They told her the average gpa in that application year was the highest in history and they strictly stick to the higher pool. They spoke so highly of her, and begged her to apply again the following year. 

Well life happened, and bills need to be paid, so she really needed to land a decent paying job. She applied for a certain rental car company position and got it. Pay is decent, benefits and vacation are killer, but the hours and work atmosphere have taken a beating on her. Truthfully, she has hit the point where she hates her job. She will randomly apply to other jobs, and has received many offers, but the pay/benefits are exceptionally bad in comparison to her current job. She wants out bad enough that a pay hit is ok, but the offers received have been laughably bad. This really kills her motivation to keep pushing, and I truly don’t know what to do to help. I’ve told her to just quit to clear her mind and relax and it’ll happen, but she won’t do it. I constantly search for job openings in hope I can find something good, but she normally shoots down the ones I find. 

I have a good career and have been excelling and it partly makes me feel guilty how it’s worked out for me. I want her to have the feeling of self worth in her job that I know she yearns for, but I don’t know how to give it to her. She’s the love of my life, and I want nothing more than to see her happy. Her current day to day has really beaten her down. I really want to help her, but I can’t seem to find the right angle on it or what exactly I can even do to truly help her. 

I’m seeking guidance on what I can do to help without pushing her too much.  Good career options with her current degree are hard to come by and openings are few and far between. Any suggestions would be much appreciated.

TLDR: Wife hates her rental car job, has a psychology degree, and I am seeking guidance on what I can do to motivate her and help her find a better gig.