I Don’t Know What To Do
This might be a little long but I honesty just need to get this out.

So I’m a high school M, and for over a year now I’ve liked this guy, let’s call him Pat. Now, Pat is the first guy I’ve liked seriously, and I didn’t tell anyone about it at first. I’ve never been super private about who I’ve liked with my friends, but something felt different this time. I didn’t talk with him that much, and we didn’t have too many common friends, but even if he paid me a few seconds of attention, let’s just say my day was made. He’s funny and smart and just flat out attractive.

A few weeks into liking him, I found out my (F) friend liked him to. I didn’t know what to think or how to respond to her, so I kept quiet. Turns out Pat liked her too, and a few weeks later they were dating. 

Eventually I told my friends, excluding the one dating Pat, about my feelings for him, and it kindve became a running joke in my group. Over the course of them dating, I came to terms with my feelings. I still liked him, a lot, but I realized that I would never date him, and just wanted him to be happy.

They broke up a few months into the relationship, but it didn’t change the way I felt about him. Throughout the rest of the year, he dated one or two other girls, and my group kindve forgot about my problem. It didn’t really matter, nothing had changed. It was weird because even though I knew we would never be together, I couldn’t move on. I didn’t like anyone else, and I felt strangely fine just liking him without him feeling the same way.

Fast foreword to this year. My feelings remained strong over the summer. I still liked him, but finally things and changed. I was no longer content just liking him. I know he wouldn’t date me, and I just want to move on.

Along with this development, I met another guy. He’s also straight so it doesn’t matter that much, but I guess it’s a sign I’m moving on? But I still feel just as if not more strongly about Pat. As the title states, I just don’t know what to do. My friends can’t help me, so I just hope someone on here can.