Being a pizza face sucks..
If you don't know what a pizza face is first off, its a person who is covered in acne on their face. I am one of those people. Now don't go telling me what products I should try because I've pretty much tried them all. I'm on a prescription based one, no its not accutane it's a different one, but it's suppose to have the same effects. Anyways let me tell you about today. 

I'm a grade 11 high schooler. I guess I would call myself an introvert. I don't hang out with a lot of people, just my boyfriend (who has perfect skin..) and his friends. I am a girl who only hangs out with guys. Why? Because I hate girls. They cause too much drama and commotion. I get called a slut a lot because I hang out with guys. That doesn't affect me all that much. What really bothers me is when people need to pick out my flaws. 

I was siting on the bus today, for the first time in two weeks because I always have cross country after school the coach gave us the day off or else I wouldn't have been on the bus, I'm just minding my own business listening to radio off my new iPod. I only had one ear bud in because sometimes people will talk to me and I think it's rude if you have both in. Anyways I hear this guy in grade ten who sits across from me, say to some little kids probably in grade 2-4, "You see that girl? You never want to grow up to be like her. She's what you call a harry pizza face." All of them started laughing.. I looked up at them and one of the little kids said, "Oh snap!! She heard us!!" I know theres the saying "sticks and stones can't break your bones but words will never hurt me" but those words hurt.. I can't do anything about my situation.. I take my medicine, I wash my face, I drink water, I exersize.. but none of it seems to help. My mother thinks it's from pressure I get at school. I always have homework (I'm suppose to be doing a write up right now about how humans could live on mars), I'm always pushed to do more than I can handle, I'm being pushed to learn a new language (I'm trying to learn German, I'd argue that it is harder than math in my case), I'm just always stressed out and over tired. 

My mother thinks I should go talk to the principal about that kid on my bus since he goes to my school, but what's the point? What will be done? Nothing. I know that's how my school works. We have a cop at our school and she allows 15 and 16 year olds to smoke when the law clearly is that you have to be 18!! I've heard that high school is suppose to be the easiest years of your life, but I just can't believe that at this moment. 

Thanks you for those who took the time to read this, I recently discovered this subreddit and I'm really happy it was created. 

TL:DR  I'm an acne covered teenager who gets made fun of and can't help that I have acne.