Work is increasing my hours by 25% while cutting my pay by 40%, what should I do?
I (24m) manage a bar/restaurant and have been struggling with the ethics approach that my company is currently taking in regards to COVID19. 

As of right now we're operating on a take-out only model and running a full menu with 2 to 3 people in the building. My stress level is through the roof, I work in an industry where I am at very high risk of contracting the virus, and amount of work that it is taking to run a full menu restaurant with minimal help is destroying me. 

My corporate office today informed me that they will be increasing my required hours to 60 hours per week while also cutting my salary by 40%

The pay I will be receiving equates to exactly minimum wage, if I were to work only 40 hours per week. The issue is that I'll be working 60 and won't be compensated at all for the work that I'm putting in. From what I understand, since i am a salaried employee and what they're doing is entire legal, but unbelievably unfair. 

The way this was done, I feel like I have been backed into a corner. I'm a recent college grad with a crippling amount of student loan debt and my unemployment would be based off of my college job, which was for significantly less money. I'm genuinely concerned about my availability to pay my bills and eat now, but the hours I'm being forced to work makes it impossible to find a second job. 

They gave me the option of being "laid off" and coming back once we reopen, but I'm fearful that they will try to drive me out if I chose to do that.

I can't just quit because I wouldn't be eligible for unemployment. I don't want to make this anymore difficult on my co-workers, but I'm trying to keep my mind open to all options. 

I feel like my only option is to ride this out for the reduced pay but I'm really struggling with the idea of working for a company that would do this to the handful of remaining employees that they have left. I honestly feel like them laying me off would have been a more satisfactory option for me.

In the grand scheme of things, I can't see myself wanting to work for a company that would respond in this way. I feel like regardless of my immediate decision I will try to find a new position at a new spot ASAP, but what would you do?


TLDR: My workplace is requiring me to work 60 hours per week at a minimum wage 40 hour/week rate, what should I do?