Salary negotiations research technician?
Edit: the posted salary was 30,000 plus doe.

I'm a clinical histotech with a BA, I'm the field for three years. Due to the work environment, unhappiness, and no prospect of moving up, I've been looking for jobs. My undergrad was in a hard science with a focus on research and I'd like to go back to that in preparation for grad school. 


I just interviewed for a position as a histotech in a research lab and I think I will get it. The only snag is the pay - which I understand. Research labs can't afford to pay as much for a Histotechnologist as a clinical lab can. After three years (Union too), I've worked up to a salary of 60K. Keeping in mind my long term goals, I expressed a range of 45  to 60 K, to encapsulate what I'm currently earning; I think I can go as low as 43,000 though. The job was posted as 30,000 plus DOE. They've been having a hard time getting qualified candidates with a histology background to apply for this position.


The PI said my range was too high and I'd really have to think about if moving to a research job will give me the benefits that I'm looking for (research experience, publications, growth). I understand this, which is why I'm not just looking for jobs in clinical histology or processing labs. 

However, according to the PI, my job isn't just a research assistant. I would be 'fulfilling an important role in preparing tissue for the other lab members who don't have time to cut their own tissue'. In this case, my technical skills are very important. 


I'm also worried that if I accept an offer that they still feel is too high, that I won't have job security. At first, I would be filling in for a research histotech on maternity leave and they're not sure if she's coming back. I would also no longer be in a union. I think they could easily let me go if my salary is a strain on finances.


I feel that, despite the benefits, 30,000 would be exploitative for my histology skills. What are your thoughts on how I should proceed?