Took a leave of absence, LOA is almost over, haven’t heard about my schedule yet.
Hello r/jobs. I didn’t know the appropriate flair so I just put covid 19 because it’s somewhat relevant.

I’m an essential worker at a large retail department store. I recently took a leave of absence due to me just needing some time off away from people. Like I wanted to spray myself down and quarantine a bit. People are still coming in to shop without gloves or masks and well, yeah. I just needed to feel safer for a while. I’m not the only person to take a leave of absence. A lot of people have taken leaves of absence, and have been calling out on the regular due to the pandemic (not being able to find child care, health concerns, etc).

I took two weeks off (14 days). The HR manager told me to call back a week into my LOA so I can get information on my schedule because I’m out of the system and wouldn’t be able to check on the app. I called at the time. I spoke to HR team members and they said the HR manager would call me back with my schedule. I waited a week and still no call.

I have called twice this week and have gotten the same response. The HR manager was supposed to call me back by the end of the work day today, and she didn’t. I am supposed to return to work on Sunday.

I was thinking of stopping by work tomorrow to ask in person what’s going on with my schedule. I have an immediate manager for my department, and a manager above her. I was also thinking of trying to text my manager to get with the higher manager (he usually makes the schedules) to find out what’s going on. My immediate manager is usually very responsive. 

I don’t know what to do. I can’t seem to stop thinking the worst. When I was a seasonal team member, they told me I was being kept and then they tried to let me go, and then they ended up keeping me. I am a reliable worker (I never call out) and I am always covering other departments that need help.  I’m worried and I can’t shake the fact that I feel like they might be trying to pull a fast one on me again.