Why is it so hard for some people to accept that life just isn't that great for some people?
Some people just get completely, utterly screwed, traumatized and limited by life, to the point that living just isn't enjoyable anymore. To the point that any wild-eyed optimism one might have had in the face of adversity just gets drowned by the utter disillusionment that no - sometimes even if there was a will, there's wasn't much of any way, and even if there still is, it's not worth finding.

I've seen people say they can't even imagine what it must feel like to want to end your life or to even be depressed. On the flip side, it's hard for me to imagine what it'd be like to not feel depression as that's been most of my life, with tiny windows of joy where it felt like my efforts to outrun my horrible background were paying off. Those windows have closed and even if there are others left to open somewhere, I don't care, because they don't even look like ways out anymore. I'm at the point someone could give me a million dollars and it wouldn't make me happy.

But guess what the worst thing of all is? You have a *survival instinct.* Living another day feels awful, but dying is still terrifying, and beyond that it's drummed into your head that you'll hurt people if you somehow think you might be able to overcome the strongest instinct of all. You don't even want to die, just for your reality to be fundamentally different, but that's obviously not how this all works.

So, you're stuck in this hell that's been aptly described like the mental equivalent to a burning building, and there's no grand purpose to it - there's no big meaning or reward for suffering through it - you just had really bad luck. You just happened to be the organism born to become self-aware within an absolutely shitty situation, to the point many people  objectively admit you were, and now you've got to either take it or leave it and both options feel pretty horrible, but one at least feels like a solution in that this whole situation simply ends.

The thing is, too, I bet if it was somehow possible for a person that feels normal, or god forbid, happy, to experience this feeling for a day, they'd totally understand wanting to leave it and be incredibly grateful they've never spent a day in the desperate void that leads one to truly consider suicide.

So, fuck it.