Can we ban the suggestion of giving up your children?
This is something I saw and even heard in PF, but hoped not to find here. Alas, I've seen one outright suggestion and one allusion already this morning. While I admit that truthfully giving up your child/ren would likely improve your financial situation, people making these suggestions are either not giving this suggestion enough thought or simply making a political point. There are a plethora of legitimate reasons not to consider this option. Medical condition with genetic factors are most likely to be seen and recognized by biological family members, for example. Different studies show that adopted children are frequently less favored than natural children. Older children are less likely to be adopted and more likely to be placed in foster care, which is a vipers nest of its own. Culturally parents who give up their children may be shamed, even by their family and essential support networks. The list goes on and on. No one knows the exact circumstances of someone's parenthood and their decisions to keep or give up their child. This suggestion is often cruel, and almost always pointless.

Edit: I've been up all night and have an Easter Egg hunt to do before I can sleep. Ultimately the point I'm making is that this suggestion is trolling, regardless of the commenters actual intent. Most people who've been around PF for a while have seen this argument before and it plays out the same way every time. It hurts and angers people and accomplishes nothing. It should be considered trolling and gotten rid of when seen. If you have a legitimate reason why we shouldn't push the mods for this, please say so.

Edit 2: Oh, also, we all know that at least like...half the people who say this stuff are just doing it to take a jab at "poor people having too many kids and living off the system." It's a political statement made in such a way they think they can get away with it. That's already against the rules. We should acknowledge it for what it is and move on.