For a supposedly support-focused community, this subreddit loves tearing people down and rejecting pathways to success.
A little while ago, someone posted about their incredible (and incredibly risky and tenacious) journey from dropping out of school to making 6 figures as an engineer on a boat, and people whined all over the comments that “only able-bodied men” could *possibly* have that career opportunity. 

Now we have a woman posting about an incredible opportunity/program available to women—including non-binary and disabled women, immigrant women, and older women—and people are whining that men and those with a tech background are excluded from that program.

No shit, Sherlock. Not everyone can qualify for EVERY job. That’s how jobs work.

That doesn’t mean those aren’t genuinely great opportunities for people who ARE able qualify, or that they should be disparaged because they don’t happen to fit your specific demographic. It may be disappointing that you don’t qualify but don’t try and pull people down—find inspiration where you can and keep a look out for your own opportunities. It’s incredibly selfish to begrudge other people the ability to succeed (in a job, in a romantic relationship, in a hobby or talent) and only be able to wish someone well if they’re worse off than you, and you don’t expect them to do better.

I see an awful lot of defeatist thinking here. People can’t possibly move for work/education opportunities due to limited finances although we see examples of people every day who move across entire countries with nothing to their name (if not in debt). People can’t improve their qualifications for a job because they have to work full time for a living—even though there are plenty of examples of people taking classes or apprenticing on top of working full time. Yes, you give up all your free time and your life is nothing but work & study for a few years, but it’s not impossible. 

No it’s not fair that so many other people don’t even have to consider these sacrifices, and are able to get a great education/career/etc without risking anything. That’s how it should be for everyone but it’s not. 

But refusing to do what you CAN because you think you shouldn’t have to—even if that’s true—is just insisting on failure and that’s baffling to me.

It’s fine to say that you’re just not willing to put forth a certain amount of effort. The amount of work that is required of some of us to just get on the same footing as others is overwhelming and often beyond what any human should be expected to be willing to do. And that’s understandable. There have been things I passed on because I just felt it would take more than I was willing to give (or entail more discomfort than I was willing to bear) to do them.

But we should know when we do this that these things are NOT “impossible” and that we are turning them down by choice. 

Some people will never be able to catch a break even if they try. But refusing difficult opportunities by insisting that no one can succeed is the best way to make sure you don’t.