I don't know how I'm going to survive.
Right now, I'm a master's student making 20k a year. My rent is 1100 a month, since I receive parental support and they picked my apartment. However, money has recently become a huge issue between us (booked a trip to a conference, they chose a hugely expensive hotel, they bitched about the cost of the hugely expensive hotel and how irresponsible I was being with their money). 

I've been thinking about the possibility of moving in June (when my lease is up). I don't even know if my parents will let me or not, and I can't afford moving without their support. I have no savings of my own because my entire salary goes to rent and car insurance (which my parents selected). I live off of what they give me (which is generous), but if they stopped providing those funds, I'd be broke. I don't know how I'd afford move-out costs in my apartment. I don't know how I'd afford move-in costs. I don't know how to pay summer fees (900 bucks) on my salary. I'm not even sure I qualify for a loan or anything else, since I just got a credit card a year ago and might not have a credit score yet. I don't know anything, and the people I'd go to for that are my parents. 

On top of all of this, I am horribly depressed. I'm exhausted all the time, battling a food addiction, and paying for depression meds out of pocket because my parents would disown me if I told them I was seeing a doctor for depression. The meds aren't working, so I'm basically paying to try and fail to prevent me wanting to off myself. I was able to get the doctor visits covered through the school (no record of it... long story). Without that, I couldn't even afford to see the doctor. I'm not on any meds right now, because I weaned off the ones that weren't working and am too depressed/exhausted/terrified of the cost to go fill the new script. I don't really feel like I have anybody to rely on anymore. When I first got depressed, people were really supportive. Now, I've lost one of my best friends and the rest don't even notice me. 

I can't even live out of my car for a few months, because I have cats. I don't know anybody that could take them either, and I'm not sure I'd survive not having them around when I get really depressed. I don't think I can move in with anybody either- not only do I have furniture (and animals), but I spend so much of my time crying that I would not be a good fit for anybody. I'm scared out of my mind, I don't know where I stand with my parents, and I don't know how I'm going to wake up tomorrow and deal with this on top of being a full-time graduate student with a looming conference presentation, trying to beat a food addiction, and having my own brain whisper nonstop that it'd be easier to just end it all. I feel so alone, and it's getting harder to ignore the whispers.