Lost my first full-time office job yesterday and want some help
Thankfully it was through no fault of my own (I hope?), they just couldn't afford to have me. The company was a startup in a way and while I knew that startups are notorious for not being able to continue the way they anticipate and that the position could be unstable, I didn't think it was going to be that soon. It's a bit of a bummer because I loved everything about this work and the people around me. I told everyone how much I loved everything about the company.

After being told this news, I went home and felt sorry for myself (only a few tears were shed!) and had dinner with my family as a consolation. But today I've filed for unemployment, made an outline of things to do while I have so much time on my hands (which includes a lot of time for applying for jobs) because I can't stand not having structure, and will be working on updating my resume.

Since I haven't been unemployed for the past 7 years, I'm almost at a loss of what to do. I'm a bit discouraged because I graduated from college 2 years ago with a BA in Social Science and stayed working at the daycare program while I've been searching for work up until September 2019. Before the daycare, I worked in retail for 4 years, the last year being a supervisor. Now I have a 2-month position for my only office job in marketing, a career that I want to pursue after having no direction to work towards. Just a few questions:

&#x200B;

1. How do I list the 2-month job on my resume? Should I even list it because it was such a short term position? If I do list it, how can I talk about it when it was a short amount of time?
2. Is there anything I should know about being unemployed? I know I need to keep busy, so I'm making sure that I'm continuing to take the online courses for marketing as I have been for the past several months so I can show that I serious about this, and the fact that I didn't go to school for this industry. And exercise for stress relief.
3. Should I just get another job as soon as I can, no matter what it is? I'm not talking about going back to part-time work, but another entry-level office job? I'm aware that I have bills/loans to pay, so that does add weight. I live at home now though.
4. I will also have no health insurance. I turn 26 next week. Happy birthday to me? What do I do about that?
5. If you don't have any answers to those questions, I'd still love to hear about anyone's past/current experience in any similar position!

Edited for formatting.