I just want to know why
That’s something that’s been bothering me for years. Every time I have emotional breakdowns and meltdowns; my train of thought tries using logic so that I can at least understand and help myself. I ask myself why am I like this, and naturally my mind responds that it’s the childhood trauma that drilled into my mind a depressing and anxious view of the world (or so my old therapist said. It’s very hard for me to admit that I even had “childhood trauma” because I was always reminded that *other* people have it worse.) 

I still question why. Why would someone look at a 9 or 10 yr old, freshly moved out of her mom’s care, and get so angry at her over losing track of training bras or running out of clean clothes that they slap and squeeze them in the face? 

Why was I later yelled at for “creating marks on my face to make me look abused” when I didn’t? 

Why were things like not keeping my backpack and room clean met with shouting and my book bag thrown on me while I tried to sleep?

Why is it that when I tried telling them (both my guardian and the counselors at school) about being bullied, absolutely nothing was done to stop it, rather, I was the one sent to another room to “speak with the guidance counselor”?

Why were my attempts at reaching out and telling others that I was depressed... ignored? Treated as if they were my own fault? My first suicidal thought was when I was 10.

Why is it that I was damn near rewarded for keeping quiet about it all? I remember that any time I was hit that morning, I didn’t go to school. We’d later go out someplace to eat after both of us “calmed down.”

Why was it that I had needed glasses since MIDDLE SCHOOL, but I was actually faking it. Even when the doctor said I failed my eye exam, to look at me dead in the eyes and say smugly, “Ya know, you’re not supposed to lie on those exams!” When there was *NO REASON* for me to lie.

There’s more I could add. But most importantly, why is it that if that happened to any other child that I wouldn’t hesitate to call it abuse? Yet I struggle to call my own aunt abusive; she *has* done a lot for me.

I hate how badly I struggle with my emotions now as an adult. I feel robbed. That maybe I never deserved a good support system or anything. I look at pictures of me when I was around that age and I keep telling her that she didn’t deserve it. Maybe it’ll echo into the past and I could finally heal like I always wanted.

Anyway, thank you to those who read.