My dad refuses to stay out of my life..
My parents divorced after 25+ years of unhappy marriage. My father is diagnosed bipolar, but refuses medication. Until recently, I thought that my father was to blame for their ruined marriage and mine and my sister's unhappy childhood that was a result of their constant bickering. The divorce was the best path. My father got more in the divorce, but refuses to see it that way. My mother got the house, where I still reside as I'm in my junior year of high school. My father and mother currently have a relationship externally that would be viewed as "friends." They run errands for each other, fuss about people who give them trouble (other then each other) in their lives, ect. Internally, one can observe unnecessary issues with their relationship. There's a reason divorced people often don't speak to each other anymore. My father comes over to our house, accuses my mom of seeing other people (she isn't seeing anyone, but there'd be nothing wrong with it obviously), and sometimes begs her to get back together. He also comes over and camps out in the recliner and watches hours of netflix under the guise of spending time with me. I've mentioned that we never spend time, and all he does is watch netflix- my mom just says she feels sorry for him, and we end up getting in arguments. I mentioned earlier that I used to think it was all his fault. I'm now of the opinion that it's both of their faults. My dad is crazy, and although he's still somewhat responsible for his actions- my mom is not crazy, and refuses to sever ties with him. I'm of the opinion that severing ties would be the best course of action, a way to force him into getting some treatment for his bipolar disorder. My sister also thinks this would be best, but refuses to talk to my mother about it (she's older an adult, her opinion carries more weight than mine) because it might upset her. Even now, my dad is in the living room watching the television quite loudly. I feel like going in there, telling him that his isn't his house- and that he isn't welcome here. This would be a lie though, because I'm not the homeowner, and he is welcome here. I don't know what to do about the situation, or if there is really anything that I can/should do. I've lost a tremendous amount of respect for my mother over the situation, and I haven't respected my father in years. It sickens me.