[Need Advice] Studying Full Time (CS / Stats) While Working Full Time
I am currently looking for my first job and planning for my future. I am 25, have a Bachelor's in Mathematics, and am considering eventually starting a PhD program. However, I really  want to experience industry life first. Also, I want a job in Machine  Learning; however, I don't have any  credentials toward that career and need to self study / get a Master's. I've built the following saturated schedule:

&#x200B;

Every Week:

1. 30 minutes daily reading published academic papers in Machine Learning and Statistics
2. Seven 30 minute increments over Saturday and Sunday programming (implementing) the research I read
3. 8.5 hours daily minimum of work at my job (including lunch) Monday through Friday
4. 1.5 hours total commute to work Monday through Friday
5. 1 hour of morning prep for job + breakfast Monday through Friday
6. 1.5 hours daily of gym exercise and daily hygiene
7. 8.5 hours of sleep Sunday through Thursday
8. 7.5 hours of sleep Friday and Saturday
9. 0 to 2.5 hours daily of reading textbooks depending on work/breaks
10. 6.5 hours split over Saturday and Sunday for Laundry, Shopping and Cooking
11. Fourteen 30 minute increments over Saturday, Sunday and Work lunch to program personal projects
12. 0 to 1 hours daily of free time + Food Snack depending on work.

Total: 168 hours.

&#x200B;

Here are the personal projects I want to do:

1. Finish and Improve my undergraduate research project in Bioinformatics using Machine Learning / Stats
2. Create an AI Library that can be used to perfectly play the game Snake to maximum score
3. Complete a Kaggle project to high accuracy
4. Solve a few Data Science problems at my job to increase profits
5. Greatly reduce/minimize the training data set size needed for a ML algorithm of my interest
6. Work on a big real life problem

&#x200B;

Here are the subjects/books I want to study:

1. Matrix Computations (780 Pages)
2. Intro to Statistical Learning (440 Pages)
3. Applied Predictive Modeling (615 Pages)
4. Statistical Inference (686 Pages)
5. Generalized Linear Models (411 Pages)
6. Bayesian Data Analysis (656 Pages)
7. Markov Chain Monte Carlo Theory (323 Pages)
8. Elements of Statistical Learning (764 Pages) + Skim Pattern Recognition & Machine Learning

&#x200B;

Timeline:

1. Over 5 years: complete as many personal projects, textbooks (full comprehension), and research papers as possible. Get experience with Tensorflow, PyTorch, R, Python w/ Scikit-learn, SQL and noSQL. Apply for a Master's degree in Machine Learning Fall 2023.
2. Over 1 year: study the Deep Learning Book and take a free online course (i.e., Andrew Ng's course using the Python/sklearn GitHub repo). Continue work on personal projects.
3. Over 2 years: Start my Master's degree at a great out of state university using my savings and learn everything I can on Measure Theory, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Statistics, Transfer Learning and a Specialization like Computer Vision. Work a part time job at night, spend 30 to 40 hours a week on studying/homework and spend 20 to 30 hours a week on research with a PI. Do an internship over the summer.
4. Over 1 year: Continue working a part time night job and experiment with freelance/consulting to pay loans. Take six graduate math courses non-degree (Complex  Analysis, Partial Differential Equations, Stochastic Calculus, Information Theory, Measure Theoretic Probability Theory), and focus on more research with a new PI.
5. Consider Applying for PhD programs in growing, marketable, technologically focused fields with sparse available talent while seriously looking at my value to industry with just a Master's degree in Machine Learning. Get at most 3 years work experience before I make the decision.

&#x200B;

Concerns and Questions 1:

1. First, this idea works on paper (I really like it) and matches the time that I currently use for things like chores, cooking and sleep. However, this is a 70 hour work week for 9 years, and I don't know if I can handle that. The best thing that I can do is try.

Concerns and Questions 2:

1. Second, the 8 books comprise about 4000 readable pages. I have a maximum of 5215 hours to study over five years if I only work 40 hours a week, don't take breaks, study during 14 days PTO, and don't study during my commute. However, I will realistically only have 40 minutes average per page to fully comprehend the material and solve a significant amount of problems. I do not know if that is enough time. 
2. I can probably partially alleviate (1) by creatively using my academic paper time, and by skipping all or parts of a book(s).

What do you think about this schedule and my two concerns? Am I over planning my goals? How do you think I should approach my goals? Is this realistic?