President Trump announced an Executive Order requiring Universities and Colleges to support Free Speech. Is Federal research money widely enough needed at American Colleges and Universities to make nationwide change? What specifically have Colleges and Universities done to stifle Free Speech?
On Saturday at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), [President Trump announced an Executive Order](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/trump-to-sign-executive-order-requiring-colleges-universities-to-support-free-speech-on-campus) that would require Universities and Colleges to support free speech under the penalty of having their federal research money cut:

> “Today I am proud to announce that I will be very soon signing an executive order requiring colleges and universities to support free speech if they want federal research dollars,” the president said...

> “If they want our dollars, and we give it to them by the billions, they’ve got to allow people like Hayden and many other great young people and old people, to speak, free speech,” said Trump. “If they don’t, it will be very costly. That will be signed very soon.”

The Washington Post [sought comment from Cynthia Miller-Idriss](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/03/02/trump-says-new-executive-order-could-strip-colleges-funding-if-they-dont-support-free-speech/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.51af49457a05), an associate professor of education at American University. She believes the President is on firm ground:

> “There’s a history of the federal government requiring universities to do certain kinds of things in order to receive federal research funding,” she said in an interview. For example, she said, the U.S. government imposes ethical guidelines on studies involving human subjects.

---

I have a couple of questions:

1: How many Colleges and Universities seek Federal research money? Specifically, what percentage of Universities and Colleges seek Federal research money?

2: The written order has not yet been released, so there's some ambiguity to what "support free speech" means, but the President left little ambiguity that he believes there is a free speech problem on America's campuses. 

What specifically have Colleges and Universities done to limit free speech? Is this a new occurrence? Have they stated why they are doing it?