Career in Student Affairs (Doctoral Level)
Since I was an undergraduate I knew that I always wanted to earn my degree in student affairs and I am delighted that I will be taking my talents back to my alma mater to earn my M.Ed in Counseling Psychology with a concentration in College Student Personnel Administration. With it, I want to be able to work primarily in College Access & Equity programs for middle and high school students. For example: TRiO programs, Higher Education Opportunity programs, outreach programs for middle and high school students, and pre-college programs. I have also considered work in academic advising, leadership education and development programs, admissions, and academic student success & retention programming. 

If I get into the area I would like to go into, college access, equity, and inclusion, I would like to work as a counselor/advisor for a few years and then work my way up. I could see myself in a Director's role where I am leading  college access & equity program and continuing and improving the vision for a program. 

I know that the master's program I am going to is counseling based and I will help me to utilize interpersonal skills and counseling techniques with students that I work with and that will be helpful. I know that I would like to pursue a doctorate once I have a good number of work expereince under my belt.

My goal for the doctorate would be to continue growing in knowledge of the profession and being able to apply that in the profession: hence to be a Practitioner-Scholar. I know that I do not want to have a position in academia. What I would like to focus on is in research concerning college access and equity for students of color and with students with invisible disabilities as well as researching transition from high school to college. I find it fascinating because it is a game changer in how a student is successful in higher education.

My question is what kind of doctoral program would be most useful and here are my thoughts:

1. Educational Leadership & Policy- Since I am looking to become a director, this would make the most logical sense since it deals with looking at educational policy and how it affects organizations of higher education. It would also get me to an area in which college access and equity are affected: policy. I firmly believe that in this area, knowing and applying policy and leadership in education will help future generations of students.

2. Higher Education/Student Affairs Administration- This is similar to the previous one above, but my only downfall is that it may fail to take into consideration anything outside of higher education. With what I want to get into, it involves looking at 6-12 and higher education together since what I am focusing on is college access and equity. Understanding both sides of the coin are critical to my knowledge about transition in terms of what happens in 6-12 but also what is happening in higher education.  I have examined some higher education admin programs but have not felt 100% about them unless I felt they met a certain need I might get.

So, What are you thoughts on this? All Advice is appreciated!