My “best” friend has been ignoring me.
My “best” friend has been ignoring me

Me and my best friend have been friends for 4 years, we took her to see a concert for Panic At The Disco for her 16th birthday. She was my friend when I stopped seeing my father and has been there for me. Over the summer I took her to counseling (which my mom payed for) because she was self harming and super depressed. That was in June. 

She moved away to Baltimore and has been doing A LOT better, she’s not depressed, not self harming and recovering from an eating disorder. 

In August we got into a HEATED argument over what I’m going to tell you today. And we stopped talking for two months. 

Recently she hasn’t been texting me. She’s been ignoring me and leaving me on read, she doesn’t text me unless she has something to talk about. Any time I have something to talk about it’s always “that’s nice/cool/good” or if I’m sad “I’m sorry” and then change the subject. When SHE is having problems I try to come up with solutions to her problems and when she’s excited about something I try to act excited also. 

She’s stopped referring to me as her best friend and only her friend whereas I call her my best friend. 

Last night I texted her this: 
“i love you and I know you probably don’t but I do and I don’t want to ever lose you again so I’m gonna keep fighting to keep you in my life even if you don’t want to be in my life anymore I’ll still fight to keep you in it because I love you so much and you’re my best friend even if I’m not yours” (I copied and pasted it) and she left me on read and hasn’t answered me. But she’s been sending me Tik toks all day through the app. 

I know people can grow apart, it just hurts so much when you’ve done so much for someone, spend hundreds on them (she used to spend weekends with us because her parents kicked her out and we’d take her out to eat a lot. Which my mom couldn’t afford any ways.) and it feels like it’s all thrown away. 

Please help me. What do I do? I don’t want to loose her. I’m just scared of confronting her about it because I know she’ll get mad.