so I ended it
I’m a 25M. The last couple of months I’ve been seeing a woman that I really liked. We talked and talked for days, went to a concert and had dinner together a couple of times. She spent a couple of nights at my place but we never had sex because her interest in me was, at least what she said, only as friends. I have been through a bad relationship in the past and we’ve been friends for 5 years before we started dating and that was a toxic relationship. Before we started she slept at my place too, cuddled and teased but never really did anything more. Now this dynamic that I have been “offered” now was quite similar to the one 5 years ago.

I liked her, she was witty, smart, had dark humor, ambitions, was beautiful and charming. 

I have been somebody who is sleeping around most of my past 10 years. I rarely connect to people on a deeper level. And that is why I was hopeful that this would go on and could turn into something beautiful.

But I am proud of myself that I stopped it. I realised I am fulfilling her needs for closeness and I think love should not be like that.

I think love should be limitless. Love without negotiations about “what we should be”.

I think it should free you and not make you nervous, I think it should feel like a safe harbour and not make you want to play a certain role to be likable.

I’m proud of myself for setting boundaries and even though I liked this girl so much I would respect myself and my needs and call it off because she could not meet them.

I feel like I’m going crazy because I had this opportunity infront of me but decided not to got for it and hopefully it will be worth it one day.

Respect yourself people. Respect your needs, your emotions, your wishes. Don’t throw yourself out there for somebody who just wants to hang out with you because of their needs.

There are so many of us in this world. We’ll find each other eventually.

EDIT: Thanks to everyone replying and upvoting, I had no idea it would be this popular. So awesome to see there’s other people that lived the same situation and I’m proud of everyone of you who showed self respect. Thanks for all the replies and the gold.