Besides goods, what can China export to maximize its global influence?"
Globalization is commonly viewed in respect to the spread of western values on other countries. In this sense, U.S. products and pop culture tend to infiltrate other markets and are perceived as being American values. (plenty of food, Hollywood and the perception it gives other countries about the U.S., consumerism)

It seems China's main goal is to spread its economic influence in other countries. The case of China's investments in Africa are a good example of this. [This opinion page](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/17/opinion/into-africa-chinas-wild-rush.html) gives an overview of China's investments and some of the negative effects it has led to. 

>In much of Africa, they have set up huge mining operations. They have also built infrastructure. But, with exceptions, they have done so using equipment and labor imported from home, without transferring skills to local communities. So China takes our primary goods and sells us manufactured ones. This was also the essence of colonialism.”

The [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/28/opinion/chinas-limited-influence.html) highlights some issues with Chinese soft power in its current state.

>In today’s media-driven world, soft power is another crucial element of superpower influence. Yet, beyond the inaccessibility of China’s language for most foreigners and their indifference to its social trends, China’s political and economic systems have little appeal in other countries. Its state capitalist economic model attracts political leaders looking to build wealth and micromanage markets, but it offers little for ordinary citizens.


Economic domination has played a huge role in maintain western supremacy, but cultural values have been a huge part of maintaining the status quo. The spread of english language has been a big factor in maintaining this as well, as it keeps the U.S. accessible to all countries. While the two are always linked, it's been hard to find articles that discuss the spread of Chinese culture, if there has been any.

Can Chinese culture compete with centuries of western influence? As the article mentioned language is probably the biggest barrier to spreading influence, but are there other ways? Have they taken any action to export values that are in contrast to western culture?  If not, are there values that would be beneficial in increasing Chinese soft power?