Responding to hate on the internet (my story)
Last year, I was scrolling through my Instagram feed, looking at my usual shitty memes, when I saw a comment that simply said "Fuck the Jews, they control us all". I didn't think much of it, since I'm used to seeing edgy 4chan shit online, but I decided to look to take a look at the account that posted it.

When I opened the account, all I saw were two kinds of posts; posts about depression and suicide, and wildly antisemitic posts. I'm a Jew, so I felt a combined sense of confusion (almost to a humorous point) and anger at what I saw. I was planning on commenting angrily on all of his antisemitic posts, but then I had an idea.

I remembered seeing a news story (still haven't found out if it's real or fake) about a black man who convinced hundreds of KKK members to leave the Klan by befriending them, and I wanted to see if I could replicate this. So, I kept the account in the back of my mind, periodically looking at his posts. One day, he put up a story asking if anyone wanted to be added to a groupchat to play Rainbow Six: Siege on PC. I decided to respond positively, so I could further my plan (and also because I really wanted to play R6 with someone).

Now, from my posts, it was pretty evident that I'm Jewish, so the first thing he replied was "ok Jew". I knew he wouldn't add me to a groupchat just for that reason, but surprisingly, he did. We all started playing R6 together, and this guy seemed to treat me normally, but he never called me by my name. It was always "Good kill, Jew" or "Get on Discord, Jew".

However, soon we grew closer, to the point where he shouted me out on his account, calling me "the one good Jew to be born". But I could tell that was always his sole impression of me. He only really identified me by my religion. I could also tell from his posts about depression that he likely suffered from it.

Then one day, at around 11:30 PM, as I was about to get off Instagram and go to sleep, I saw a new post from him. The photo was just some weird dark lo-fi art, and all the caption said was "Killing myself, see you guys".

Immediately, I got scared and instinctively began typing a message to him in his DMs. I thought it may all be in vain, and that he had maybe already done it. But I just couldn't stop typing. I couldn't bear to see another person die a needless death to depression, even if they didn't like my people. I don't wanna talk in specifics about what I said (it's very tough for me to write this now), but I concluded by telling him that, if his life didn't matter and nobody cared about him, why would a Jew, 300 miles away and 3 years younger (he's 19 I'm 16) even be trying to save his life.

After a rough night of sleep, I woke up and fearfully checked my DMs. All I saw from him was a photo and a message. The photo was just him smiling and doing a thumbs-up. In the message, he once again did not call me by my name. However, he didn't call me "Jew" either. All his message said was "Thanks friend".

He's now doing way better. He's since deleted all of his antisemitic posts, and we now like to discuss history and politics together (and of course play R6). He met his girlfriend soon after, who he is still with. And two days ago, he finally got his dream job: a designer for a small tabletop RPG company.

When confronted with hate on the internet, too many people let their emotions take control, and start flaming each other. Next time you see someone spreading prejudice online, even against a group that you are part of, do not fall into this habit. Instead, I challenge you to talk to them, and try to understand what they may be going through. You might change their mind, you might make a friend, and you might even save a life.

EDIT: Thank you kind stranger front page RIP inbox yadda yadda in all seriousness I love you guys and I really hope that you guys respond to hatred with kindness👍