The career that I've studied, worked, loved and committed myself to has changed so much over the last ten years that I don't like it anymore. What do I do now?
There's a lot to say but I'll try to abridge. I went and talked to a career counselor at my wife's suggestion, but I feel like he wasn't super helpful.

I like movies. I like film. I like everything about it (editing, acting, cinematography, model making, physical effects, marketing and advertising of movies, even film accounting).

I got a job doing VFX 9 years ago. I enjoyed it. I was good at it. I had free time and projects of my own to work on. Life was good.

Fast forward 9 years and things are very different; the industry has changed a lot. The companies I used to work for have done massive rounds of layoffs and closed offices. I've had to move outs of the US to find a job. I am very near the top of my career path (I'm currently supervising about 30 artists and may be supervising as many as 100 before the end of the year) but I feel like I don't want to be doing this anymore.

1. I have basically no free time (this is especially bothering because I have a very young child who essentially never get to see). I've worked every single weekend for the last three months (I don't get paid OT either) and its going get a lot worse before it gets better. This seems to be a general trend for the industry as well. It's probably worse in the company I'm at, but its not great a lot of places.
2. I have no time to work on my own projects/art and even if I did, the company I work for doesn't allow people to work on their own projects on the side.
3. I'm not taking home a lot of money. I'm making an ok salary, but taxes here are almost 50%, the place I'm living is kind of expensive (by necessity) and after living expense I'm pretty close to breaking even. We're able to set aside maybe $100-$200 a month but we're essentially one car problem away from having a negative income. My wife can't work in this country for language reasons.
4. It's not creatively fulfilling.

So I just don't know what to do. I feel like I've invested so much of myself into this career, but now I've reached a place where it seems like there is nowhere else to go, and I don't like where I am. 

I don't want to move up in my career path because those guys have even less free time than I do. I just don't understand having a job where you never do anything but work. What's the point? Why am I earning money if I never leave the office to spend it? What's the point of having a family if you never get to see them?

I don't want to stay where I am because it's kind of a miserable existence. If I move back to the US I don't think I could find another job. Despite having skills and experience, it's a very competitive market and hard to find a job. I applied for a full year in the US (I made myself apply for a minimum of three jobs a week) and I didn't get so much as a interview.

So now what? I have these skills I developed for the last 16 years but I'm just going to move back to the US and...flip burgers or something.

I've toyed with the idea of trying to freelance, but I wouldn't know the first thing about how to find customers for this kind of work. It's usually the kind of thing people go to big companies to have done.

I don't even know what I'm asking. I feel completely lost and unhappy and trapped.
Guess I just needed to vent.

Thanks