Possible Job recruiter scam?
Hey, I figured I'd ask for advice here since I'm still trying to figure out if my whole situation is too good to be true. 

Basically about 1-2 days ago I put my resume on a different job board hoping to find different jobs than the ones I was seeing on the one I was using. Then earlier today I got a call from a recruiter asking if I was interested in a job, the first job he offered had too much of a commute so I turned that one down but then the second job was like a great match for me. It's close by, the pay was a bit less than the 1st job but still decent and the work itself didn't seem to demanding. 

The recruiter didn't really ask about my skills or anything and just said he'd get back to me. Shortly after he calls me back saying that the company would want me and that I'd be starting Wednesday (2 days). It just seems so odd that I didn't even get an interview. The recruiter then asked if I could come into his office to fill out paperwork and forms tomorrow. He gave me a bit of info of the job and also asked if I'd want to set up direct deposit. I at first said yes and he said I would need to get a direct deposit form from my bank.

So after the call I calmed down from my excitement of finally get a chance at a job again, and felt like the whole situation felt really off. The recruiter emailed me and mentioned that I was going to need to bring my drivers licence, social security card and a direct deposit form from my bank with all my banking info on it. And "  It all needs to be printed, it can’t be hand written or our corporate office won’t accept it.  ". I didn't think recruiters were the ones that are suppose to handle the HR related stuff of the company i'm being hired at so why does he need all that info. He later sent me another email asking for my Date of birth, Full name and SSN so he could " get your background check running". Again why is the recruiter the one handling that. 

I looked him up and his company (Synerfec \[Didn't get any results here\]) and while that info all seems legit and the business itself seems right, the whole situation feels off. I called the company he said he got me the job for and they confirmed that they got a call for me and wanted to hire me. So I'm going over tomorrow before meeting with the recruiter to just check out the business myself to make sure the job offer itself is real. 

So my main question is, is this how job recruiter handle things now a days? It just feels so off that they would ask for the information and do the stuff a company itself would be doing. Should I just "blow off" this recruiter even if he may have gotten me a legitimate job opportunity?  Or just go up and meet him in his office location and let him know I'm not comfortable giving him that sort of sensitive information and would rather the company do it.