Any advice for a 22 year old who still doesn’t know what they want to be when they grow up?
The title was obviously a joke, well, not really. I’m 22 and I’m currently finishing my Bachelor in Business Information Technology. I hate it. I’m thinking about studying a postgraduate degree that will help me change this career before I even started it. The only reason I continued in this career is because of my family and their pressure, dumb move, I know. Anyway I don’t even know what I want to switch into, but this whole business thing feels so superficial, and not me. I like helping people, providing people with the chance to change their lives, guiding troubled people, especially youth. I want to make a difference in this world. I consider myself to be a very smart person, I did extremely well in school, in every subject. I did IB and I was good at math, at chemistry, at biology, at English, history. I’m good at language and research, I learn quickly. I’m creative, I love art and design and that was my passion for a while until I was crushed by the reality of that industry having no money. I’m an INFP if that helps? I’m bilingual, I’m interested in culture and travel and politics and social justice. I don’t know if any of this is even relevant but if anyone has any ideas, any guidance, on a field I can pursue that I may have not considered, please please please just comment it. I’ve considered social work, psychology, law. I’m afraid of the job prospectives of those things, I don’t want to be broke and unemployed. Throughout my university life I’ve worked in data entry, social media marketing and retail just to make some money and get some experience. I did well at them but I just didn’t feel happy working so hard just to increase the profit of a company who didn’t care about anyone. I’m so lost and I just hope that someone has some advice to offer. Anyone who’s been through a similar experience. I’m not asking for anyone to solve all my life issues and lay out a plan, I’m just looking for some insight. So please, spare me the condescending comments, I’ve already heard too many of them on this website. If anyone has some advice to offer I’d really appreciate it, I’m even willing to pay for their services.