I don't know what to do
Hello people, it's my first post on Reddit, I'm not very used to the platform so, forgive me if I don't know how to use it very well.
I need advice, I'm desperate because I had never had such a situation before... And I sincerely would appreciate someone who could tell me what to do in this scenario. It may sound childish, but it's a deep wound for me.
Backstory: on October last year I started going out with this girl (who was a friend of mine, and my reduced circle of friends) and I had a great time. Things were fun for me, and I got to spend lots of good memories with her. I was happy enough, but noticed some discomfort in her behavior when trying to be a couple with her. She always excused herself in the "I don't know how to express my emotions" scheme, and I bought it. I must admit that at this time I had some depression and was toxic to her at times, but tried always to correct myself from that. And also, she dumped her problems with me, to which I tried my best to help her, as I thought that is what a good couple does. Time passed and she became more cold with me, until she broke up with me on December. I was really disheartened because of my low self esteem, thinking that it was my fault for not being enough for her. Yet, we remained as friends.
Later, in a friendly talk (I remained interested in her, despite knowing she might not) she explicitly told me that the reason she broke up with me was because she was interested in another guy (I don't know who, maybe one of her old friends) and that she was really confused at the time, so she decided to break up to clarify her mind. I reacted surprised and upset at this, but decided to still give a shot to the girl as I profoundly wanted to be with her.
This lead to us coming back on February, now with a more mature me knowing more about her attitude and what I didn't like. The first days came good, but as soon as we reached the first week she went back to her old shitty attitude. I still liked her but craved for attention and affection. One day she told me in one of the "she dumps her shit on me" talks we had, that she had manipulated one of her close friends deliberately, and kind of non regretful. This was kind of a red flag, but I couldn't or didn't pay attention at the time.
Later on I got fed up with our relationship, but decided I could still give it a shot if we were willing to change. So, I told her about what was I uncomfortable with, and what I needed, and so did she. Not even one day passed before she texted me asking to explain myself, because appearently my talk wasn't clear enough for her, even though I tried to make it the clearest possible. Just two days after that she came back with a response saying that "she understands, but doesn't know what to do" thing. I just said that it would be fine as long as she did something. Which happened. For a day. Just one day.
And, at this point my heart was stabbed. It had happened not just once, nor twice, but THREE TIMES. I ended our lovers relationship, but said that we should continue friendship (as I have a limited group of friends, losing one is devastating).
This last part happened over a month ago.
Oh, I forgot to mention that we also had talks where she would start talking toxically, and this time I was more severe and just told her what I considered the truth, but in a harsh way.
The story: during this month I have found out a lot of things about the relationship, about myself and I grew to like another girl (one of our mutual friends). I thought of my ex mature enough to understand that we would just be friends. So I told her that I started liking someone (I didn't tell her who, not to hurt her... This recoiled later). And... After some days, she texted me telling me that she wanted not to be friends with me anymore. She didn't state why, but I accepted it. I asked if it was because I told her I liked someone else, and she immediately went berserk on me. She jumped on my throat, telling me all my flaws, calling me a motherfucker for having played with her feelings, and treating her badly. To which I exploded and told her all I felt. All the resentment I had, I spoiled it all over her face. She told me that she still liked me, and I couldn't buy it at all... And then... She gave me a very hard blow. She stated that this was the end of all forms of relationship with me, and said that it will be my fault what will happen to our friends... And, as they're the only ones I have... I fear that I might be left alone again. And I'm scared of that, and I feel guilty for it... Can someone tell me what to do in this scenario? I can't bear with it