i turned down a private admissions counselor who had gotten 100+ students into hypsm & other ramblings about college admissions
edited to remove some personal info.

several disclaimers: i love my parents. i know they are acting out of what they think are my best interests in subjects they think they know better than i do. and i trust their judgment, and i am truly grateful for all they’ve done for me. i think we just have a fundamental misalignment of our values. second, i know how lucky i am. the programs i’ve been able to attend, the connections afforded by my parents, all of these things helped me bring me to where i am now. with that said, thank you guys for reading this rambley rant!

during junior year my parents encouraged me to work with a private admissions counselor. he had had huge success rates in getting students (especially asian americans) into hypsm, ivy’s/t20’s, etc.

he emphasized how choosy he was but that he would be glad to work with me. i instinctively turned him down; not only would it have cost $10,000, i didn’t feel right doing it.

my parents tried to get me to work with him for weeks, saying they were fine with the cost (which i knew they were — i’m fortunate enough to have a family that prioritizes my college education). i kept telling them that was too much to pay (and i still think that it is, to be honest) but that wasn’t the main reason. i just imagined myself opening up that decision letter and seeing the rejection, seeing myself wasting $10,000 that my parents invested in me. or even worse, seeing the acceptance and knowing that colleges hadn’t admitted ME, they had admitted this snobby, polished version of me, with ten caked layers of makeup and plastic surgery.

after that summer, i was a bit more confident about the college process. i had done a lot of introspection, a lot of soul searching. my parents tried getting me to work with the counselor again; he said that he was willing to make an exception to work with me last minute but would raise the price to $15,000. the idea of anyone making that kind of transaction sickened me. he made me do an interview with him and all i could think the entire time was, why are you profiting off a twisted system that already favors the rich and are now tilting it even more in their favor?

needless to say, i didn’t work with him. flash foward a few months, i had gotten rejected from almost all the ivy’s, including my dream school. we went to an admitted student day at a t20, but not one i had particular interest in, and on the way there, my dad asked me if i regretted not working with the counselor.

but you know what? i still don’t regret it. the college admissions process is twisted beyond belief. the elite schools profit off the rich while shoving the few minority or low income students in your face in some facade of diversity. and yeah, these schools have a decently diverse student group and help low income students who make it in break out of the cycle of poverty, but all in all, the admissions process is a shitshow. it’s all a transaction, and maybe it’s not always the monetary kind, but the manipulation of the admissions process and the inequity of it all absolutely sickens me.

i’m not saying anyone who worked with counselors is a bad person, or that every college consultant is a scam, but as a personal choice, i’d rather be at a disadvantage than use money to get myself ahead. the counselor i would’ve worked with wouldn’t have written my essays or anything of the sort, but i’d be spending my parents’ money for some glossy essays — not something that would actually help me grow as a person. over these past few months i’ve realized that i don’t really care about the rankings of schools and all of that anymore. if you have the drive, you’ll succeed. it’s as easy as that.

tldr; i turned down a $10-15k admissions counselor and a better chance at the ivy’s because i thought it was immoral and didn’t want to contribute to wealth inequality in college admissions.