So My Boss Yelled At Me Today
Tl;dr - I asked my boss something I was unsure of and got yelled at in front of many people at the restaurant.

So my boss has a good history with me. My mom knows the boss well, I've been friends with his daughter for 10 years now, etc. Problem is, he sometimes uses my problem with gullible (As I'm still relatively new to the job (5 months or so)) to sometimes make a joke and "humiliate" me in front of my coworkers. 

It's all for a good laugh and I completely understand.

However, he sometimes asks me to do things that makes me second guess myself (as if he was taking advantage of me being gullible). For instance, he one time asked me to pour beer into an udon togo container for him and set it aside next to him. I hesitated for 3 minutes and was unsure of what to do, but followed through and poured it in. I gave it to him and he started to drink out of it. Strange to me, I thought. He said thanks and didn't say anything after that. 

Now comes, well, today. I am still new so I haven't fully learned everything about how the food is served, etc. I was not busy atm and he asked me to bring these two dishes to my coworkers table, as she was busy helping another table (I'm just a busboy, so you know). I saw that one of the sushi roll pieces had fallen over. I pointed it out to him and he looked at me all confused. I pointed it out again just in case he didn't hear and he said it was "on purpose". 

To me, this sounds like another one of those situations where he tried to take advantage of me being gullible. Turns out, it wasn't. 

I pointed it out one last time because I thought he was joking, but that was enough for my boss. He yelled at me saying that it's on purpose because the two sushi rolls looked too much alike. I understood why and said ok. 

No one had ever taught me that, that was supposed to be on purpose to differentiate the two. 

Later that night, after many of the customers left, he told me that he yelled at me because he "didn't get to smoke for hours" and "it's hard working". He also said it was in the heat of the moment. It was busy at the restaurant. I just said ok as I didn't want to further any anger out of him.

I feel angry and frustrated at myself and at my boss. I was either going to go against my thinking or go against my boss. I couldn't pick the latter, obviously. 

What the hell should I have done? 

Anyways, thanks for reading this boring story about a kid who's too gullible.