Am i in the wrong with my parents
This is abit long so bear with me 
Okay this is a roller coaster of emotions. So i grew up spoiled. Yes i acknowledge that. Everything I got I wanted. But recently I dont even know anymore

So i recently moved back in with my parents after 6 years in boarding school. I thought after not seeing them since the age of 12 I thought it would be a nice chance to reconnect. Boy was I wrong. 

I just feel like i guest and Its like my parents cant seem to acknowledge anything i do and am i wrong for wanting acknowledgement? For instance i finished AP chemistry with a 99.8% and all i got was okay so what and a god shut up im busy. I got elected student council president and all they said was resign because theyll just use you as an errand girl. But someone my sister getting a 75 is worth going to dinner and cake?!!?!?!?! I just want something and like sometimes ill complain about the work i have to do and they just say stop complaining you chose to do this or why are you complaining we never forced you to do any of this. Which was right but i just wanted a hey its going to be okay

Im just tired of everything. Im tired that my mother cant seem to bring herself to care to remember anything about me. For instance we had this fight about curtains. My mother had asked me and my sisters what colour curtains we would like for our room. i had said white, and no orange ma cause I hate the colour orange. Next thing I know, im getting orange curtains whilst my sisters get the colours they wanted and when confronted she turned it on to me saying she didn’t intentionally do it she just didn’t remember mine and that I was being spoiled and should just be grateful that i got curtains in the first place. Another instance was when I had been telling my family i no longer eat pork for health reasons. I said this repeatedly, made a point to avoid pork, and just made the extra mile to ensure I never ingested pork. I come home and dinner is pork belly. I told my mom I couldnt eat this and I was just going to order take out and she flipped out calling me a brat and ungrateful and saying she kept saying how was she supposed to know what I liked and I just wanted to scream and yell at her telling her that she seemed to remember my sisters preferences just fine

The list goes on with stuff like this and im just tired. I wanna leave my house. I wanna leave and just cut ties with them because i always felt like they just supplemented their lack of love for me with material things and ive tried talking to them and theyre just in constant denial about all of this