[52F] Struggling to find work before going bankrupt, Out of options and don't know what to do.
First I'd like to say I've been unemployed since early December(no other income, exhausted all savings) . I had no other options other than to relocate back to my home area from Florida due to financial hardship. Also, I have no family(my son and I are all each other have). Thank goodness he was able to find a decent full-time job/good hours, etc. Upon returning back to my beautiful quaint community in TN, I have submitted, submitted, applied, applied to numerous companies for positions I know I am qualified for. I either get turned down or no feedback from the places I apply to. I am a professional loyal, quality employee with people skills and proven work ethics (always worked in a hospital setting for 26 years as a medical transcriptionist). Since the technology has progressed so quickly, Voice Recognition has replaced the career of human transcriptionists for the most part. The community has recently been hit very hard with a so-called MERGER of the two competitor healthcare systems here. Basically it's a monopoly situation and has destroyed the livelihoods of so many people(100s of nurses cut, cut employee's wages, physicians are suffering as well and the list goes on and on with the politicians having their hands in this BIG MESS).

As I continue job searching, I find myself starting to realize that finding a traditional in-office atmosphere here in this area is almost impossible. I don't have the option to relocate anywhere. I have researched and read about "Remote, at-home" type jobs like virtual answering services, virtual receptionist job. My question is, has ANYONE had any experience or know if this new technology is REAL or a SCAM? I've read several different companies and clients are quite pleased using the "VIRTUAL receptionist/ answering service" to improve their overall business so as to never miss inbound calls. I need to find a stable income ASAP as time is running out. Again, I've always worked in the professional healthcare world but have found my once great career is no more

DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY THOUGHTS, SUGGESTIONS OR QUESTIONS? 🤦‍♀️