RANT: Dating as a woman is NOT easier. Finding love as a woman is NOT easier. Finding sex is. It's not the same. We are just as lonely.
I'm part of the foreveralone subreddit because I haven't had a serious relationship in 5 years. Yet, none of the posts there describe me, and if I were to ever post anything, they'd chew me up so fast: I'm a woman, objectively physically attractive, it's very easy for me to get "dates." As a result, I'm not "forever alone" because people want to go on dates with me, right? Right?

Sure, let's agree that women, in particular, steoreotypically attractive women (young, fit), can get dates. Sure. Ok.

But number of matches in tinder does not equal love. Guys buying you drinks does not equal love. Guys sleeping with you and then GHOSTING you does not equal love. Guys leading you on and breadcrumbing you for WEEKS or even MONTHS  is not love.

And little tiny scraps of attention here and there, or even sexual interest, does not, in any way, somehow quench our loneliness.

We are still lonely. I'm still lonely.

Yes women can be lonely. Pretty women can be lonely. Women can be surrounded by the "attention" of 20 men and STILL be lonely. Hint: because more often than not, it's not real attention. It's fleeting, momentary, empty, and baseless. It will be gone. Very soon. Maybe by the night's end.

I'm just so exhausted of my feelings of loneliness being dismissed over and over. As if I didn't have a right to feel lonely or sad. Here's a list of all the guys I've "dated" over the past 5 years:

\- Guy that was gonna move to Asia in 3 months. Said he loved me deeply while simultaneously keeping a girl in Asia "warm" for when he got there. When I complained he explained that he was being logical, as he was gonna move there soon, he needed to keep his options open.

\- Guy who wooed me and made me laugh for weeks and then months only for me to discover he had a LIVE IN GIRLFRIEND back in his home country all along. Texts me that he misses me to this day.

\- Guy that i was crazy about that would generously grace me with his presence for 1 HOUR A WEEK for MONTHS. When I spoke up about it he said that was all he could do. Take it or leave. I took it. Even though I cried for the other 6 days every week.

\- Guy that slept with me for 1 entire year, gave me an orgasm ONE TIME in that year, and when I spoke to him about it, said it was my fault. After a weekend full of sex in which he came 6 times and I came 0 and I begged him to please try he accused me of rape. Said I was forcing him. I stopped talking to him. A month later he showed up at my house again, said he treated me so harsh because deep down he thought I was a "bad person" but that he (and i quote his exact words) "still want to fuck" me.

Those are the long term guys. In-between, I've had several other short-term ones, including the guy I went on 2 horrible dates with, was thoroughly confused when he kept on asking me out (we had no chemistry) and then ended up literally BLOCKING ME as soon as he slept with me and then disappeared. Or the guy who showered me with promises of fun date after fun date after fun date, only to completely disappear in a couple weeks too. But not block me or ghost me no- just string me along whenever I ask, make sure I'm kept warm in the repertoire.

I'm tired of being used as a sexual commodity, I'm tired of having my feelings played with. I want love. Real love. I'm so ready and willing to commit to one man only, to build a family, to build a life. I'm ready to give a man my all. But somehow because I can "get dates" easily is like Im not entitled to feeling lonely, to feeling unwanted. But how can I not feel unwanted when the last time I heard the words "i love you" were 5 years ago?

/rant ends here

EDIT 1: WOW THIS BLEW UP!!! Thanks for the Silver and 2 Awards!! Thank you so much for the kind comments, messages, and even chats I've received. My inbox is very full right now, I'm trying to get back to everyone. A few thoughts:

1. I was both glad/sad to read SOOO many women's comments with the \*exact same\* experience as me. Glad that we were able to find each other and provide support, yet sad that so many of us exist and are stuck in this conundrum.
2. I was also very pleasantly surprised and touched by how many men reached out in kindness and understanding! Even though men have a different experience when it comes to dating and romance, most men were able to put themselves in women's shoes for a moment and understand, even if for just a little bit, what our experience is like here on the other side, and how we can be just as lonely.
3. There were also very, very few (maybe 5 compared to the 2,300 that upvoted?) people that reached out, all men, with actual harassment and threats of physical violence. To those people I will not respond, but I actually wish them love and kindness. I've clearly had bad experiences in dating but yet, I don't hate men. Not one bit. It's the opposite: I am actively looking for 1 man I can give my heart and soul to, and try to find this man, over and over again. Yet, these \~5 or so men that contacted me with violence, do hate women. To them, I wish their souls are healed. You can never find love with so much hate in your heart.
4. Finally, to all men and women, gay, straight, bi, pan, or any other sexual orientation, that commented with similar feelings of loneliness and a deep desire to find love: I wish all of us good fortune. I hope we all find what we are looking for.