I want to commit suicide on Xmas Eve just like my sibling
My brother killed himself on Xmas Eve  when I was extremely young. I still have very vivid memories of it, and the way my family handled it leads me to believe that it didn't really bother them. No one talks about it or mentions him. They have practically erased him from our family's history. Maybe it's because they were ashamed he was gay. Or maybe they were ashamed that he died of suicide. 

Maybe both.

Either way, I want to join him.. Now that I've grown up, I understand why he did what he did. I understand that he wasn't wrong, and I don't feel like I'd be in the wrong for doing the same... I'd be doing the world a favor.

I feel like my life has done nothing but spin out of control since I was a child. It's been nothing but chaos. I was preconditioned not to ever trust. I was sexually abused and pimped out to my stepdad's friends. My mother stayed with a known pedophile while I was relegated to foster care and group homes. 

I feel like I wasn't ever even just given a fair chance. Yet, I went on to get married once a upon a time. I had two kids. I got a divorce. I started a business. I got my bachelor's degree. I bought a house. 

...And then I became addicted to alcohol. 

I made so many stupid choices leading up to now, and because of that, I now have nothing. My children moved to another state with their father after the courts decided he and his wife were better suited to be their parents. And the courts were correct. I'm a fuck up. There's no telling where we'd end up if they were here, but it would probably be within the confines of a cardboard box. I've been sober for almost this entire past yea, minus maybe four or five total slip-ups.. I thought that might fix a lot of my issues, but it hasn't fixed a thing. 

I destroyed my last relationship. I hurt my partner in countless ways. After we broke up for a month, he begged me to come back, and I swore I'd do better or try to be better. I tried as hard as I could.. but I've had to accept that being a shitty person is just who I am. I can't change that about myself, it's embedded in my personality. I broke him into tiny shards of glass, and all he could do when I tried to pick up the pieces was hurt me back. I turned a good person into a horrible, conniving man...

I can't get the job I want. All of my stuff is in storage and I can't pay the bill before the storage place puts a lien on it and keeps it all forever - even the sentimental items like the gifts my children have made for me. Their ultrasounds. Their footprints from their first day alive... My car is gone now, too.. I can't drive to get to work. I can't drive to an interview. I can't drive to a doctor or a mental hospital. I live in the middle of nowhere, and I have no resources. I can't take on new clients and make money. I've fallen as far down the hole as I can, and there's no way back up.

I've had my friends tell me that I should be proud.. that I should just stick things out, because things will get better. But things will never improve, and I haven't felt like I could tell them to what extent my life has become unmanageable.. 

There is literally no way to return to the life that I worked so hard to build, or to better myself and actually do something meaningful with my art or myself as a human being. I don't have the money, I don't have the resources, and I am too afraid to ask my friends or "family" for help. 

I feel like they'd be far less inconvenienced if I just didn't exist. I feel like my kids would only have to face one big disappointment instead of a bunch of big disappointments throughout their entire life. I feel like all of the work I put into becoming a valuable human life was all for nothing. I feel like I am a waste of oxygen and space. I feel like all I do is destroy people, and hurt their feelings. 

I have no one. My mother and I are estranged. My remaining siblings and I hardly ever talk. I'm incapable of nurturing a relationship. I'm incapable of being a mother just like my mother was.

I have nothing left, and I have no more motivation to continue on.

I just want to disappear. I want it to appear that I just left without saying a word. No one would notice, because I have done nothing but isolate myself from everyone. I am so ashamed of my life and what it has devolved into, and I don't want to face anyone or burden them with my problems. I don't want to keep trying to fix something that isn't fixable. 

I'm a fucked up person in a fucked up world. People keep trying to tell me that I have so much to live for - that I have so much talent and potential. People keep telling me to keep trying, but they aren't the ones who have to try so it's easy for them. They don't have to live with me, I do. I hate who I am and who I've become. 

I know that I'm sorry. I cannot even begin to describe the remorse that I feel for all of my selfish behaviors, and my depressed demeanor that just brings everyone down. I wish I had treated everyone better: my kids, my kids' dad and his wife, my friends and my remaining family...

I'm everything that I never wanted to be - practically homeless, with absolutely nothing. I have no personality. I have nothing positive to add to the world. I've become so jaded to the thought of dying - like it's going to happen someday, so why do I (and others) keep trying to delay the inevitable? 

I'm sorry if this seemed rambley. I had considered writing letters to a couple of people, but I figure putting it here - anonymously - would be better. I don't want my kids to know I killed myself... so I'm going to disappear to a place where I will never be found. I don't want to tell anyone about it in case they try to change my mind. I'm afraid they'll think I'm just begging for attention. Or maybe they will think I don't mean what I say... but I really do want to die.

Thanks, Reddit.