The cracks are showing and I don't know what to do about it.

Years ago a therapist told me to write letters to myself when I needed someone to talk to. Well, I am tired of sending them to myself and watching my inbox fill up with my own stupid emails. 
I hurt. A whole lot. And there is no one to talk to. 

There is family I love and a husband I adore but I am the one that they come for help, support and advice not the other way around. 
There are people who I am friendly with but no friend to really speak of. I despise therapists and refuse to talk to them any more. 

I am 32 years old and I keep telling myself to just put on my big-girl panties and keep toughing it through this… but I have no idea how to do that right now. 

I have diagnosed PTSD from a shitty childhood. I have anxiety and hyper-vigilance; I have always struggled with depression and self-harm tendencies. But I have worked extremely hard to make something significant of myself despite the hurtles in my life and, I thought I was past this crap. 

If you met me now you would have no idea who I used to be or what I had to do to become the person I am now. You can barely even see the scars. And that is why I am afraid. 

Things in my life are falling apart at an epic scale and I have reached my limit on being able to handle it all. Last week I cut myself for the first time in 5 years, to me that is scary. I am not some silly emo kid with goth makeup - I started pounding nails into my legs when I was 3 and the self harm got worse from there. If I am low enough to harm like this, something is very wrong.

I recently lost my only good friend, the one that helped me clean up my life. He was the only one I could rely on to help with the darkness and now I have nothing. And I do not mean nothing as in I have nothing nothing. I have people to fight for and that is what keeps me going. But it is imperative to me that the people that I love, care for and fight for have no idea about the hollowness inside me. Sometimes the only thing I have to hold on to is the fact my family and my husband think I am relatively normal. It makes me feel normal, it makes me normal to know they think I am normal. 
I am not normal, nor have I ever been normal.

There is a hollowness in me. A darkness as vast and cold as space and now I have no one to help talk me through it. The cracks are beginning to show and I need to find a way to stop it.

I suppose I have  a lot bothering me right now if I am silly enough to cry on the shoulder of Reddit. but honestly, if I didn't tell someone how much I hurt right now…  

I hurt right now. 

Thank you for listening, whoever you are. I just needed someone to know.