Getting Your Finances in Order
If you're over here, your situation probably seems pretty bleak. You likely don't have a $1,000 emergency fund, and you're close to the worst case scenario. I know it, I've lived it, and I want to help as many people as possible get out of it.

So, what are you to do in this situation? How can you get through all of this when you’re only bringing home around $600 every two weeks? The answer a lot of people will get when they are honest with themselves is that sacrifices will have to be made. Whether it’s cable TV, the new iPhone, or your free time, if you are in this situation where you have this little cash coming in AND you have debt, you probably are either deluding yourself that if you keep on the treadmill things will get better, but the fact is that interest every month when you don’t pay off your cards is speeding that treadmill up, and eventually you’ll fall off.  An overdraft or two, and suddenly you’re eyeing a payday loan place just to solve the problem. Stop. Now. If you’re in this situation, let’s back up the cardiac arrest, take a few deep breaths and give you a rational plan to deal with this:

Gather up all your monthly bills and pay stubs, pull up your online banking, too.

Look at what you spend your money on, and decide what you want to cut.

**Keep cutting until your bills and expenses are less than your take home pay.**

Next, make calls to all of your credit card companies, and ask for lower interest rates.

Add up all of your minimum monthly payments and monthly recurring bills.

Open a new checking account, preferably without a debit card.

Set up your direct deposit to go to two accounts: one for half the amount you got in step 5, and one for the remainder.

You’ve now built a self-funding small emergency fund.

The remaining money should cover your expenses (groceries, gas, etc).

At the end of every two weeks, the night before payday, take any remaining money, and pay it on your highest interest account. You’ll pay down your debt a little faster and start to see some progress.

If you’ve made it this far, and you’re still having some trouble making ends meet, go back to step two, and be honest with yourself.  Cutting cable TV alone will save you between 600 and 1200 a year. Cutting other things should be on the table. I found myself in this situation almost 10 years ago,  and it was incredibly tough, but once I got the stability of an emergency fund, the rest came along much easier.