My WORST Date Ever!
Hey everyone, long time lurker, first time poster. You know the drill. Also, I'm on mobile. 

I thought I would share a funny dating experience with you all, maybe some people will get a laugh at my expense. Enjoy! Also, buckle in, cause' this isn't a short story. 

I (22f) went on a date with a guy (25m) a few months ago (pre-Covid). He seemed nice enough over text, and we had some similar interests, so I agreed to a date pretty quickly. I suggested a quick coffee date for a first time, but he was really insistent on "taking me out for dinner, on him". 

I'm a laid back gal, so I said, sure, let's go. We sit down at this Mongolian restaurant. Waitress comes by, and I order soup. As this is happening, he is talking OVER the waitress trying to take my order. At one point, the waitress literally stopped speaking to me, turned a full 90 degrees, and just stared at him with her lips together. I don't blame her. 

He laughed like it was a joke (?), THREW his menu up in the air for her to catch, and said he was ordering for me. She caught it, cause she's a great waitress, and simply turned back to me to take my order. Wanting this date to end already, I just order a bowl of soup (I hoped I could eat it quickly, pay, and get the heck away from this man). 

At this point he's ordered, although he said that his ex was "the kind of bitch that can't take a joke." I have no idea if that was a dig at me, his ex, or some combo of both... 

THEN, he starts going ON, and ON, and ONNNN about his ex. He called her every colourful name in the book. I don't mind swearing, but I do mind the use of the c-word in a crowded restaurant filled with children. I asked him to stop swearing so loudly, and he basically blew me off saying I was "being ridiculous". The angry eyes of the other diners didn't strike me as ridiculous, but okay. 

My soup finally arrives (let's be real, it had probably been 10 minutes, but every minute was agony). At this point, he hasn't done any of the following: 

A) introduced himself in person; he just sat down with no introduction
B) asked me anything about myself
C) Stopped his monologue about his ex long enough to breathe 

I use my food arrival as an opportunity to cut him off, and to change the subject. I ask him about our common interest - video games. I hoped maybe he would answer, then I could answer, but instead he stands up, and tells me we're going on a walk. 

I point at my soup, which is hot, but growing colder by the second. I ask if I can at least, finish part of my soup before it gets cold. He denies this request, and holds out his hand for me to grab (what a gentleman *eyeroll*). So, I call our extremely patient waitress over and ask to get it packed up. Keep in mind, his order is still somewhere in the kitchen, so I don't understand why he wants to leave without it. My BS-senses are tingling, so I tell him I have to use the washroom. 

Before he can say anything, I literally SPRINT to the ladies room. I call my best friend, and tell her to call me in 3 minutes with SOMETHING, ANYTHING, to get me out of this date. She's chucking a little, and I can't blame her. I'm a grown, adult woman standing in the toilets of a Mongolian restaurant begging my friend to get me out of a situation I put myself in. 

When I get back, his food has arrived and he has now, apparently, decided to stay (?). My soup is a bit chillier now, but tasty. He speaks super briefly about video games - but then goes right back to talking about his ex, what games they used to play, and, of course, what a bitch she is. 

I gently stop him and say, "Hey, I'm uncomfortable with this line of conversation. I understand you dislike your ex, but surely you have other interests?". He takes this as an opportunity to tell me about how his ex stalked him, and apparently stole something from him (?). 

At this point, the clouds part, and an angelic voice in the form of my ringtone sings out across the restaurant. It's my friend, telling me she... Oh no! She what? Broke her ankle falling down the stairs at her house? Oh god! I, of course, being the good friend I am, rush to help.  

I tell him I have to leave, it's an emergency. I stand up, but so does he. He says something about me trying to "escape the best date he's ever had". I chuckled, and tried to move around him, so I can get to the exit (and my car). 

He stops me with his arm on mine. I pull away, but I'm pretty small, so I'm not even sure he noticed my attempt. He tells me he NEEEDDSS a ride home, that he lives on the other side of town, and could I please drive him. At first I'm saying no, that I have to go, that it's an emergency. I even offered to give him a 20$ for a cab (anything to get away!). Then he points out we are in a bad part of town (he's right) and if I want his "dead, lifeless body" on my conscience. 

Ugh, fine. I agree to drive him home, against all better judgement. The drive is quiet, for once. I've resigned myself that I will not be able to get a word in edgewise, but he seems to realize he's being ditched. I don't really care, he isn't a very nice person. 

As I pull into his driveway, I put the car in park. I turn my head slightly to look at him, asking if he has everything (I do not want this man to have any excuse to contact me again). Keep in mind, my body language is screaming that I don't like him. I'm leaning away from him, despite facing him, and my face has morphed into a nasty scowl. 

This FUCKER had the absolute balls to try to kiss me! Read the room, buddy. I shove him back but he pushes against me anyway, kissing me on the lips. I bit him, hard, and told him to get the hell out of my car. He calls me a "fucking tease" but leaves. Thank god. 

I did make it home, and yes, my friend made a MIRACULOUS recovery. 

The story ain't over yet folks. 

About two weeks later, he's been texting me non-stop (I'm talking 3am, 4am, 5am texts). Finally, I simply text back that I'm not interested. Well. 

He first starts insulting me, THEN he apologizes (keep in mind, I'm getting about 30-40 texts all within 5 min during this convo). Then he starts trying to BARGAIN with me to sleep with him. He says things like "I'll never bother you again, but I really want to f*ck you". And "Please, just have sex with me. Please?" 

I tell him to, frankly, get bent. I now realize that he's a "NiCE gUy" to the extreme.  I blocked his number. 

Well, that's my worst date ever! One for my history books, at least. So, pro-tip to any would-be daters out there - maybe don't talk about your ex the entire time?