Why I Feel More Depressed After Getting Into An Ivy
To give you guys a little bit of background, during my college application season I shot gunned to all the east coast schools and other T20 schools. I worked extremely hard in high school, really only thinking about college my junior year. At the same time I wanted to excel, and put myself in the best situation to gain the necessary skills and connections to help others. 

After getting rejected and waitlisted to all my top choices, I had to choose between UCLA and UC Berkeley. Ultimately I chose UCLA for a number of reasons including that I realized that in order to accomplish my goals of helping others, I first needed to take care of myself. Before choosing UCLA I was in a slump, thinking that I had failed by getting rejected into 10+colleges. I felt like I failed everyone around me, wasted the opportunity given to me by so many people that pushed me to who I am today. I felt like I failed the future people that I know couldn’t reach. But UCLA is an AMAZING school, and I started learning more of how just lucky I was.

So fast forward to the the month of May, where I had already started looking at internship, research, and entrepreneurship resources at UCLA, I started feeling  way more at home especially considering how much I liked the overall people and school spirit. Also a bunch of my friends were going and we started planning out meetups and everything!

Then it dropped, I got off the waitlist to UPenn, which I  had previously already gave up on. (Last year 9/2500 people got off). It was an unbelievable miraculous moment. I felt elated, absolutely stunned at everything. 

My family and I instantly booked a plane ride to philly to visit the campus and as the days trickled by, I realized that this wasn’t an easy choice. I didn’t really connect with the campus much, and I had long arguments with my parents about which to choose. (They obviously wanted me to go to Penn despite the financial cost). To give you guys more context, my parents are both from China, where they value education over everything else. So as middle class individuals we didn’t receive any financial aid, but they were willing to take the financial hit of around 160k (Yeah it’s that expensive). I know that sounds great! But from my perspective I’m going to have to pay all of that back no matter what. So even if I’m not in debt to some bank, that’s still my debt that I’ll have to pay off to my parents. So although it’s not crippling, I still have “debt”. 

In the end (as you can tell by the tittle) I chose Penn. I really had to dig deep, and some part of me knew that I couldn’t pass up this opportunity. This was what I had wanted all along. But along the way something in me had changed. I KNEW I was going to be happier at UCLA with an amazing location, weather, food, and just overall an amazing place to study. I love the people there, the vibe and the culture. But I wanted more, I was ambitious and decided that it’s now or never, if I were go out in life always prioritize my own happiness, I’d never be able to accomplish my goals. So I chose my ambition over my happiness and now I’m not sure I made the right choice.

Over the past month I realized that getting into Penn didn’t make me happy, in fact I’m not even close to happy. There’s always another goal to reach, another obstacle to overcome, and someone else that’s always better than you. Since I was interested in entrepreneurship, my next goal is to transfer into Wharton and get a double degree from both the engineering and business school. But again, just like getting into Penn, this is incredibly difficult and unlikely, and this time I may not be so likely.

In the end, I’m not even sure if what I said about Penn being a once in a life time opportunity is correct. I mentioned how my parents put a lot of pressure on me to choose Penn, but usually I can ignore that stuff, but I’d be lying if I didn’t say it affected me. My mom and dad were playing good cop bad cop. My dad was constantly yelling, being incredibly emotional and basically throwing up every time I mentioned going to UCLA. On the other hand, my mom was being extremely manipulative telling me about how my dad was so pent on penn that he was in risk of heart attacks and depression. Like how can you not let this stuff go to your head?! How in the world could I have chose UCLA?

So in the end, I don’t regret my choice of going to Penn, but I just feel like I was FORCED to go to Penn over what I wanted for my personal well being. I definitely wonder to myself what if I chose UCLA, would I be feeling happier?  Would it solve all my problems? If you guys have any tips or things to say to me, go right ahead in the comments.

So for all of you rising seniors, I just want to impart some wisdom. Chose the school that you fit into and love if you can, not the one based on rankings or prestige. Also for those that are already in college or thinking about what college really means, just know that goals don’t make you happy, you make yourself happy. We’ve been taught over and over again that success is equivalent to happiness, but that’s not always the case. There will always be another goal whether it’s success or failure, but what we take away is not the end but the journey. And if you’re not happy along the way, the goal is meaningless. So take your time, and figure out not what your goals are, but if you’d be happy accomplishing those goals.

(Edit: College has been a road of ups and downs and I don't really have time to write down all my thoughts  here. Do you guys think I should start a blog to compile my thoughts and experiences?)