I [25F] went on the most perfect first date and I’m afraid to tell anyone because I don’t want to jinx it.
I replied to a guy who id been following for a while’s instagram story of a meal he was having saying the restaurant he was at was my favorite. We talked for a week or two and he asked me if he could take me out on a date and show me his favorite.

For some reason the day of the date I was excited instead of the usual nervousness. I met him at his job and we took the subway to the restaurant. He ordered his favorite meals (nearly half the menu) and we shared a bottle of wine.

He joked about not liking small talk and I suggested we pretend like it’s our third date instead of our first. We then talked about some pretty serious things like family dynamics, my father abandoning me as a child, our past relationships, and everything in between. 

He then told me he wasn’t looking to mess around, he was looking for something serious that could potentially lead to marriage. Normally I’d be put off by a statement like that but I wasn’t. 

The last two guys I dated were so hesitant they didn’t even want to call our dates “dates”. One of them ghosted me. The other told me he wasn’t ready for a relationship after months of me trying to define what we were. And here this guy was, telling me exactly what he wanted in a matter of fact way.

We left the restaurant but neither of us wanted to go home so he suggested we go for a walk. He asked me if it was okay if he put his arm around me and I said yes. We walked to a street corner and were waiting to cross the street when he pulled me in closer and kissed me. 

I’ve never felt a kiss like that, I literally didn’t care that we were kissing in the middle of the street and there were people walking by and watching. He then got me a cab home and told me he was going away for vacation for two weeks on Thursday but that he really wanted to see me one more time before he left. So we agreed to see each other again tomorrow. 

I just have butterflies all day today and I’m so excited to see him again. I have such a good feeling about this guy, I wish I could explain it without sounding crazy.

EDIT: I knew when I wrote this post, there would be a lot of cynical, Debbie downer comments. I myself am a cynical Debbie downer sometimes. “He’s just trying to get in your pants”, “he’s lying”... etc.

While these may be true, I’m sticking with my happy feelings instead. He has done nothing to show me that he’s lying or that he’s being sketchy. He has wine and dined me without asking for a single thing in return. He got me a cab home and didn’t ask to come over. All green flags in my book. 

So I’m choosing to be happy and excited and bubbly for now. 

And if he turns out to be a horrible, dishonest person, then I’ll cross that bridge when I get there.