Paycheck almost made me cry, in a good way.
I’ve been working doing manual labor, in retail, food service in some combination for 15 some odd years. 
For the first time in my life I have a full time job, in a less aggravating environment, that gives overtime.
I opened my check and I hadn’t kept track of the  overtime hours I worked, and didn’t know how much it was for. I know it may not be a deal for many (why I’m subbed here) but it was a FOUR FIGURE NUMBER. I was moved to tears, the sense of relief from being able to have a job that can help me move up instead of just treading water is unbelievable. I don’t have friends, so thanks for reading and letting me share my happiness.
It’s more than just the money I think, it’s what it represents, things are looking up. 

Edit: holy moly!  Was less than expecting this response! I’m trying to respond as much as I can but alas, IM AT WORK! 😆 I will look through every message as I can. This community is more supportive than I could have hoped/expected. Thank you everyone for the kind words, and Thank you kinda stranger for the gold!!!!! And for the silver!!!!  (Username to go here) I dunno how it works (2nd ever and I think I wasted the first one?) but I’ll figure it out! Thanks again FRIENDS!

Edit 2: didn’t even mention sorry! Through friends of friends I heard about a certification class for security work. After putting my hat into the ring for consideration, about 6 weeks later I was asked to pick up a shift. Within a month I was certified with all the bells and whistles they required (proper ID, background check,  fingerprinting, educational course) and got trained. They liked me and kept me on, they were short handed at the time so I was able to prove myself over those first few weeks just working weekends while trying to figure out how to keep working at the job I had.   It was pet retail with a revolving door of terrible managers, and closing in on the holidays, so they wanted to push me around and say I wouldn’t get hours if I wasn’t available for the days I needed off for the new job.  I pretty much called their bluff, and they gave me crappy hours to just be on register.  I had been working for the company for years was certified to work with the animals themself (cleaning cages to giving medicine) but they constantly put me as cashier because I was more efficient and my customer service, I’ll brag, is above par.  So I just waited, biding my time until I got the full time offer at the new job, and then gave my two weeks. They were floored, panicked even? When the two weeks were almost up, my store manager told me the team didn’t want me to leave and asked if I was interested in picking up hours when I could. “I’ll let you know” I said as earnestly as I could, catching a little bit of feels despite myself at my team speaking up for me. That was the last I spoke to him.

Now THAT felt friggin good.


P.s. sorry for grammar spelling  and formatting mistakes.