Burned Bridge after working for employer for a year and a half. What to say in future interviews?
As the title reads, I unfortunately lost my cool and quit my job on the spot after being with them for a year and a half. I've never done this before and consider myself a good reliable, employee but for some reason I found myself walking out of this service job.

To provide some context I graduated 2 years ago from a decent school with a degree in Marketing and was unhappy with the job prospects out of school. Without finding anything permanent, I ended up working a service job in the beverage industry and began to enjoy it over time. It was a cool, hip spot and I felt like I fit in with the culture. I ended up making my way into the manager role which was a welcome promotion but still left me deeply unsatisfied. I appreciated the experience and the responsibility it taught me but it still did not feel right and left me yearning for more. I also live in an area that is extremely slow in the off-season and has a huge rush in the summer months, so the winter months left me with little to do. Also the work environment became horrible over time. I realized my co-workers were extremely bad people and it began to effect me over time, mainly my mental health. I was treated so, so poorly by coworkers on countless occasions. I'd rather not get into specifics but I needed to get out of this small town bubble.

Because of my dissatisfaction, I decided to look for housing and work closer to my circle of friends where we attended our undergrad. I fell in love with that area and wanted desperately to go back. So I let my work know months advance that I had begun looking for housing and work and gave them a rough timeline of how things would play out. It's a tiny business and we are all pretty friendly for the most part so I thought this was just a normal conversation. Turns out they demoted me of my position and cut my hours drastically after hearing word of my notice. This meant loss of the few benefits I had and much, much lower pay after being there for a year. My time was cut in half. Not to mention the work environment had become worse than ever. I am currently down 10 pounds my normal weight and it's taken a noticeable toll. In hindsight, I should have never given my notice to the company but I thought it was the genuine right thing to do so they would be in the best shape come the busy summer months.

So the other day I decided that my life is too short to be miss-treated like this so I walked out. I explained to my boss the situation and they are not happy whatsoever. Luckily, I have plenty of savings by living at home, have had many job interviews (sales/marketing) in the area and will be moving in mid-July.

But for now I am 23, unemployed, and have a feeling of guilt that I can't shake. I feel worse than before. I'm disappointed that after all that time I burned a bridge and acted poorly. I'm also worried that this will hurt me in future interviews. I'm just hoping for some general advice and different opinions on this situation. I know I screwed up.