I filed for bankruptcy on Friday.
I filed for bankruptcy on Friday.  I guess [I'm near the start of the wave.](https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/debt-professionals-brace-for-wave-of-insolvencies-as-virus-outbreak-hits-1.1408487)

I made a lot of stupid mistakes with my finances.  I never learned how to budget, it wasn't something my family did.

I went from earning $30k/year to $62.5k/year (plus bonuses) in 7 years.  What's a guy who makes over $60k a year doing subscribed to r/povertyfinance ?

During the same time period my credit card limits increased a lot (Edit: Limits totaled up to over $35,000).  My line of credit went from $5000, to $10,000 to $20,000 to $30,000.   I spent money faster than it was coming in, and I didn't care because the next pay, or the tax return, or some imaginary future money was going to take care of the problem for me.  My increased income kept pace with my increased debts and the monthly interest payments.  In reality I had very little money, and always felt financially squeezed.

I bought people Christmas gifts without concern about budget.  Why try to come up with a special thoughtful reasonably priced gift when you can just spend more money?  [I guess I went with the Michael Scott philosophy.](https://youtu.be/Z_EJY-qHjpM)

I ordered from Skip The Dishes and Doordash constantly.  I never tried to save money on groceries.  I bought whatever new electronics I wanted.  I got a bad deal on a car loan because my credit score was crap (utilization ratio was too high).

I made some pretty weak attempts at paying off my debts.  Shifted things around to a 0% introductory offer on a credit card.  Tried the debt payment snowball method.  Tried to get a debt consolidation loan from my largest creditor.  Put half my tax refund dollars into lump sum debt payments.

But I was an idiot and spent it all again anyway.

And a couple years ago my income dropped by about $10,000 a year.  And the bonuses stopped.

All of a sudden on average I was making $833 less per month in salary, and I lost about $3000 per quarter in after tax bonuses.

That's a lot of money when you're paying over $1000 a month in just debt service.

My temporary layoff from work wasn't the straw that broke the camel's back.  It was more like adding a lot of fuel to something that's already burning out of control.

I figured bankruptcy was coming for a while.  And Corona just sped up the process.

I know I'm going to catch a lot of downvotes and hate for this.  I know a lot of people will shame me for not taking responsibility for repaying my debts.

But it was starting to have an effect on my health.  I wasn't sleeping because I was worried about money.  I filled up my voicemail on purpose so I couldn't get any more voicemails from debt collectors.

I screwed up.

Now that the paperwork is filed I honestly feel a lot better.  I get a second chance.

And the more I read about it why is it possible for the executives of Sears, and Toys R Us, and Remington and, Bear Stearns to make millions while their companies go bankrupt?  Why do rich business owners treat bankruptcy like a tool, where they'll go bankrupt multiple times before hitting a good idea.  Trump filed for corporate insolvency 4 times, and was still considered to be successful (I'm not here to argue about US politics, I'm Canadian and I don't care).

[This video](https://youtu.be/Z-bGWIumK4o) came up in my YouTube suggested videos.  I guess my google searches for bankruptcy and financial advice bled into the YouTube algorithm.  This also made me feel better about my choice.

So in the space of a day I went from feeling low, and feeling uncertain and nervous and scared to feeling refreshed.  I feel like I'm looking at a new blank piece of paper.

I won't make the same mistakes again. I'm using YNAB to track everything.  No more credit cards.  No more loans.  Cash, or I can't have it.  So - any tips from the redditors of r/povertyfinance on living within your means?

If you got this far, thanks for letting me vent.  


Edit: I was writing a response to a downvoted comment that now appears to be deleted, so I'll put my response here:  


"I get your anger.  I was of the same opinion for a long time, which is why I didn't like myself for a long time.  I was outwardly successful, an organized leader, someone people came to for advice, someone people wanted to work with.

But on the inside I was a guy who had been making poor financial and life decisions for a long time.  On the inside I wasn't the same person I appeared to be on the outside.

I don't feel good about making bad choices.  But I am appreciative that there is a legal way out of it.

Have you ever dried to dig a hole in dry sand?  After every shovelful taken out more sand slides into the hole you left behind.  Pick up extra shifts?  Car needs $1200 in repairs.  Have a good month and make a little extra money?  Need new shoes for work because the last pair have holes in them now.

Yes - completely my fault.  I should have known better.  But I didn't.

I know better now, and will never be in the same situation again."