I don't know if I should tell my therapist or not.
I think a lot about my past looking for reasons as to why I'm the anxious, depressed, and emotional person I am. I used to be incredibly aggressive as well as a child but now I don't even like to yell. Any sort of aggression around me throws me into this frightened panic mode and i begin to frantically search for a way out of the situation. I say I think about my past because... as a kid, I was highly aggressive and threw lots of tantrums even at the age of 13. My mom would discipline me severely and that's all I  thought it was. Discipline. I only began to question it after I turned 17 and am still uncertain of it now at the age of 19. As a child I was diagnosed with RAD (Reactive Attachment Disorder) and I'm not sure if I still have it or if it's gone. I'm also diagnosed with bipolar disorder. When my mom spoke to my therapists, she wouldn't hesitate to tell them every single thing I did, whether it be acting out or having no remorse, though she never told them what she did in response and I didn't tell my therapist about what happened at home either. I was afraid of more discipline or my mom getting in trouble resulting in even worse discipline. My mom, to this day, guilt trips me for my behavior as a kid. Asking where she went wrong and if she was a bad parent and why did God give her such misbehaving children. Sorry for the rant, I just want for anyone able to answer to get a vague understanding of my past as a kid before I ask. One of these days where I was incredibly angry and wanted to be left alone, my mother persisted on bothering me and further agitating me when i just wanted to be left alone to calm down and I stated so. This was when I was 12. She ignored my plea/request and continued to yell at me and it got to the point where her boyfriend came upstairs to see what was up. I heatedly kept telling them to please just leave me alone and tried to fight my way past them since they were making no moves to leave. My mom, already in a defensive mood, got more angry and started to wrestle with me and hold me down. I tried to get away but she told her boyfriend to hold me down and he helped her in doing so.  He held my wrists with my arms outstretched above my head and she had her entire body weight on my legs. Mind you, I was merely 12... I'm sure none of this was necessary but at the same time... anyways, my mom kept repeating the question "Are you going to calm down?" Over and over as i cried splayed in that position because it's what I was trying to do in the first place. I was held there on the floor by my bed for 3 hours. Before the three hour mark, my mom force fed me Tylenol to "calm me down" even though I had already given up on trying to move.  When she asked her question "Are you going to calm down?" Again, I answered "Yes" weakly and defeatedly so I could get some feeling back into my hands and legs. When they let go and I was finally able to move, I stayed on the floor and curled into a ball and cried because my arms and legs hurt when I moved them after being stuck that  way for so long. They went back downstairs and I passed out either from crying, or all the tylenol she gave me. So my question to the answerer is, Does that count as abuse? My mom has been extremely disciplinary my whole life. I'm not sure anymore though. I only began questioning it 3 years ago. I just don't know for sure and I don't want to talk to my therapist about it incase it's nothing.  I just really want to get to the bottom of my mental and emotional issues so I can have a long lasting and healthy relationship because trusting and speaking out to my significant other is very difficult and he's very patient but the way I am is unhealthy and I know that. I don't want my relationship or future relationships with friends and family  to be ruined because of my fears and inability to address my feelings.