I don’t even know how to say this but I feel like this is a good place to get all of it off of my chest, if I even can or honestly even finish this post. I know I’m suicidal but I don’t know if I will do it
Basically, the depression began in 2014 when my dad killed himself.

No one in my family saw it coming. He never showed any indication that he was suicidal, except for his drinking, which he did when everyone was asleep and he never, to my knowledge, did anything bad while he was drunk. I remember one time noticing a bunch of empty beers in the recycling and mentioning it to my mom. Looking back, he drank because of his demons but no one noticed.

For two weeks after my father ended his life, my siblings and I thought he had gotten in a bad car accident and died from his injuries. I believed her because in a way, she wasn’t lying but I’ll get to that. My mom told us after two weeks the true story of what happened and how he had killed himself and left behind letters for each of us. We were waiting for the police to hand them over including some other possessions.

Now later on, we found out about what happened. I think there’s still stuff about his or my mom’s life I don’t know. Stuff about that day. But here it is:

The day before, I remember my dad saying he was going off for hockey. I think I said bye but I don’t really know. That was the last time I ever saw my dad alive.

The next day, I’m waking up for school and I find out that my mom and my brother had been up for a while, talking to police. My dad was missing and there had been a car crash.

At school, I confided in one of my teachers about the situation and I was worried at all times.

I get home and play video games with my brother. My dad is in the hospital and my grandma is watching us while my mom is at the hospital. A little later, my grandma gets a call from my mom telling her to come down to the hospital and bring us. A cop car comes and picks us up and drives us to the hospital. We arrive, discover the death of my father and my grandma’s son, and I’m freaking out.

For a bit, I thought I had heard that he was just in really bad shape. About 10 or something minutes after “finding out he’s in bad shape” I discover that instead, he is dead. I went blank with crying. I was horrified. I was whispering to myself “no” constantly and I was rocking back and forth.

Rocking back and forth when I’m nervous, scared, tired, sad or any other bad emotion became a habit since that day.

I ended up going into the room where my dead father was lying, along with my mother and seeing him dead was horrible but his eyes were shut and he always had a soul patch and it was crooked so I was able to laugh to that and get to say goodbye.

I go home after a while along with my family. My brother was at the hospital and my sister was not. At this point, she had no clue that her dad had died. She was off at university far away and my uncle drove to her to pick her up and drive her back. She was 4 hours away. That’s a long trip. 

She was freaking out because a friend of hers, who heard what happened, sent her condolences about her father without mentioning that he was dead. She was picked up and was so freaked out and worried.

I fell asleep and at 1am when I woke up, I go downstairs to see my sister sitting in a chair crying and balling her eyes out.

My sister, who I barely see show emotion or cry. Someone who’s older and I looked up to. And she was destroyed by this. I went up to her and hugged her.

My siblings are never affectionate. We hate each other or at least that’s what we tell each other. My brother and I’s way of telling each other that we care about each other is saying “You’re a bitch”.

So hugging my sister, something I don’t remember ever doing before that or much after, was a big deal.

This ripped my family apart.

Here’s how that day went for my father:

He was driving back from hockey when he suddenly crashed his car. He got out and left the scene. He walked through the fields so GODDAMN close to my house, and eventually went and bought paper, a pen, a knife, probably some other shit and went to a hotel. He checked in and I don’t know how long he was in that room but what I do know, is he wrote out his letters. There were many crumpled up papers of letters he scrapped. The police found out about the crash and where he was by now. They were getting to his room when he was in the bathtub and slit his wrists.

I have convinced myself in the past that he only killed him self because the car crash messed with his brain. But the truth is, he tried to kill himself with a fucking car crash. To make it seem like an accident. And he failed. But he couldn’t take it anymore so he slit his fucking wrists even though he knew we would realize what had happened. My dad was so depressed that any way of ending it was good enough. He never tried getting help and he left his family.

I hate my dad for what he did. But of course I also miss him. This whole post has already taken so long to write because I had to take breaks so I can have mental breakdowns.

I was originally going to explain why I’m depressed but after writing all of this out, instead I’m going to say you know what, I’m not even going to continue. I am suicidal but I won’t do it any time soon so I can explain the many shit in my life that has caused that in a later post but I’m going to use this post to say that...

DO NOT KILL YOURSELF
Please don’t.
Don’t do it.
My dad killed himself and it destroyed my family.

I didn’t read the rules of this sub so maybe this post is going be deleted or maybe I’m not allowed to bring up certain things like how it is done, but people already knew about that.

My life sucks because of my dad.
He’s the reason I want to kill myself and he didn’t even try to get help.

I hate him. I love him but god do I hate him.

My mom has her own hand in my depression which if I ever do another post, I’ll get to, but my dad is the root cause of everything awful that has happened in my family in the last 5 years.

PLEASE
DONT
KILL
YOURSELF

SEEK
HELP

YOU
MATTER