Just fired from a job that I've been at for almost a decade. Seeking advice, new career? etc.
Background

I am 32 Years old and have just been fired today.  I was fired for an incident that occurred 7-8 years ago.   This topic is not about why i was fired so i will just leave it at that.

I have been with this company for my entire adult life. Part time while in university, and full time immediately after graduation.  8-9 years working there full time.  You could say its a government job where most people who work there stay for life, and that was my plan as well.

I have a degree in Finance and graduated in 2010,  it was difficult to find work in my field back then, and I had the opportunity to get a decent paying job out of school so I took it.

I started as a cleaner and took a few relevant courses to become a technician/mechanic within the company.  Sadly these courses do not qualify me for anything outside of my previous work. 

Now I am unemployed, and the only education I have is finance degree from a decade ago with zero relevant experience, and some random trade courses my previous employer decided were relevant.  Essentially zero technical qualifications.



**I have no idea what I want to do with my life at this point.**  I am recently married, and we had our first child 2 months ago, so the timing could not have been worse.  But I do have several months to a year worth of funds saved.

I am open to trying anything really, from going back to school, to starting my own business.
My previous work was easy but brain dead and I did not really enjoy my time there, it was just to pay the bills.  
I'm hoping this time around it can be different.


A few things about me.

* I'm a nerd, logical, introvert, somewhat interested in technology, and I play alot of games.

* I am no good at things like cold calling, sales, public speaking, and grammar. 

* I consider myself a fairly capable individual.  And I am confident if given the chance I can excel in whatever position I apply for.  I just need the opportunity 



Some fields I've considered (but know nothing or very little about)

* Gaming related

* IT related job

* Finance related 




Any extra schooling I go for would have to be a relatively short/fast tracked?  As I cannot afford to go back to school for 4 years.


Any advice or suggestions would be greatly appreciated, 
for example, the IT field is huge, what sort of courses should I take?  How much money will I make?

Obviously i want to make the most money possible.  For reference I made ~75k at my previous job


Thank you in advance.





EDIT:   Thanks to everyone for all the replies.  I made this post less then 4 hours after getting let go, and did not expect so many replies.

My current plan is to take a couple days to digest everything, and do some research.

I will probably apply to some apprenticeship programs, while in the meantime try some introductory coding courses online to see how I like it.