Feelings for both of us
Feel kinda weird posting on here- anyways, I’m 15, and just moved to League City TX. started started at a new school about a month ago, and on the second day of starting school, I met this one super cool girl. We’ve been talking since, but one thing to note is she has a boyfriend. This dude barely gives her any attention, (even though it may be unintentional), barely hangs out with her, and hasn’t been there for her much– on the other hand, here I’ve been, trying to show how much I care, respect her, and support her. She says she “needs” to be with him. She said it herself though, we talk more than she does with him.
    So last night was this play-thing I went to to support her, because she never said anything about her boyfriend being there— (we had already talked about this happening weeks im advance), and so as I’m chilling at the table waiting for it to start, her boyfriend walks in and sits right near me. Keep in mind, he barely knows I exist. 
    As you can tell things weren’t about to go smoothly, because she knew I liked her & that she had slight feelings for me as well. After the play, she comes off the stage and hugs her boyfriend right in front of me, since I was literally right there. Something hit me at that moment and I realized I liked her more than I thought because I pretty much bawled my eyes out afterwards. So I had to walk out of the school without even getting to congratulate her. I didn’t because I didn’t want to make anything suspicious / out of respect for him & her.
   The same night at around 8:00pm, she texts and asked if I was alright. I was blunt and told her no, and she responded with a ton of empathetic & meaningful I’m so sorrys— she didn’t know he would be there. But I had to tell her how I felt, so I said it. “Maybe we should pump the breaks. I’m really into you, and I’d rather not be the one lurking behind you & him for months at a time as y’all keep getting closer, and then get too attached. I honestly care for you a lot, and I want to be with you. Just let me know how you feel.” — she responds with something along the lines of “I want to be him but I also want to be with you, idk it’s just really confusing.” I told her to give it time, but honestly I don’t know if I can wait much longer knowing they’re in a relationship right now.

   I need some advice right now. I’m having trouble even starting a convo with her again because I don’t know what to say— I’d be super stoked if anyone could help, thanks