Can you live off 25-30k annually?
Hello, I am 19 and I don't have a clue what ill do for my live but im heavily introverted and find myself happiness when alone I also live in New Hampshire we have no income tax, and no sale tax I think? just property tax. I still live at home, and my parents have made it clear I can leave when im "ready" to live on my own. I don;t have much interests in anything, so naturally I save up a lot of money because I don't know what to do with it. I pay rent ($100 month) also have been working at a restaurant as a busser/busboy for 3 years now, and have saved up a total of 21k, yes you read that right $21,000, my money only goes towards rent and gas.   
I have looked at some cashier jobs pay around 8-10 dollars starting, my parents also own rental property and one of them is a trailer which I can rent for about 11-1,200 dollars a month. Theoretically If i get a cashier job that pays 8 or 9 dollars and hour, work 10 hours 5 days a week, can I even put money away to save?  
I don't watch TV, I have a pre-paid phone, I spend $100 a year just for the service days (never run out of data or text because I never use it)  
Food, I don't eat meat anymore, I live off of peanut/peantbutter products.  
Car insurance...I can stay under my fathers insurance until I become 26 so its actually semi affordable, and I used to pay $250 every 3 months to my father but the company stopped sending the bill for my truck but is under my fathers name for insurance purposes? Its kinda of a confusing story. Its also $60 to fill a tank but I go to shell station and a shell card so I get sometimes 8-14 dollars back depending on price of gas.   


Heat, I don't use it, never have, if its cold I put a sweatshirt on. Same with AC, just user a box fan.  


I know there are a few others, water, electrical sewer etc, it seems like a big problem is the car insurance, when I went to see if I could afford my own, cheapest one was $7k a year, $3.600 every 6 months...yikes because I am under 26.   
Can I apply for governmental assistance? I don't really know how it is in my state but, in school I was in the (SPED) classes for what its called a "learning disability" that is the technical term for it.  
Also my brother works at a company where I can make $20 and hour by cleaning tubes, he works as a wielder for General Electric.  
Am I missing anything? It is possible? I just spend my free time reading books and sometimes playing video games/browsing on my gaming computer that I really don't use anymore.

EDIT: Wow did not expect this at all thank you all
I don't just eat peanut butter I eat wide varieties of vegetables and take many vitamins, I just use peanuts products as a snack my bad, also the heat yeah what I mean is I don't turn the heat up if I'm cold, it just stays at a temperature to keep the pipes from not freezing. Yeah I don't really have any passion or motivation to go for one of these career traits again nothing interests me except for unrealistic careers (history philosophy politics and psychology) and I don't like socializing at work really either just want to shut up and do my job so I can go home.