Just a vent from someone who's having a self-loathing and hopeless vision of reality
Well... We live in somewhat complicated times, which is obvious. However, this is something that I can’t allow myself to care about. An apathy definitely became an inherent trait of my ego a while ago...

It has been about a year since I published an introspective analysis of my current life situation somewhere on the internet, besides what were the expectations before I decided to see a psychologist, trying to decipher what is tormenting me. Well... I can say that that first attempt was a failure.

I was only able to seek professional help for a brief period before I was fired from my previous job last year, interrupting the process. On the positive side, I was able to organize my professional life a little after that happened. But on the negative side... I could see that my demons being stronger than before.

Today, I'm approaching 30 years old, and given the circumstances, I’m not the happiest and hopeful person I used to be...

I have no one to blame. No one but myself... Countless wrong decisions have taken me to where I am today. Decisions that admit they can be corrected and put back by myself, thus making a fresh start. But... These decisions were much more severe with my inner spirit than with the others.

Apathy, hopelessness, and hatred... These are things that make me who I am today. The rancor of having to let myself go into this spiral of despair and my self-loathing prevents me from looking for something better... I don't feel worthy to be happy, let alone stop feeling pain. And you know the worst of it? All the eventual calls for me to seek support from other people sounds false to me...

Yes. It is a claim that it will really sound rude, but I have to say:

"I don't trust any of you. I’m not able to trust"

I’m sorry for that, as I’m unable to see any act of affection, empathy, and appreciation. I know that a lot of this isn’t true, but that’s something I’m unable to see...

Things like faith and hope lost the meaning to me, for having become something vague and inconclusive to hold on. Any acts of goodwill strike me as hypocritical and empty, just with the intention of shutting up someone who is about to recover. This world seems so fucked up that it basically causes me zero strength to care for a single drop with it.

Obviously, I am still a long way from acting belligerently, suicidal and sociopathic at this age of crisis, but I’m tired to wait any longer. The sad part of all this is that I have a wife and a son who I’m can’t have the strength to fight for them and keep myself sane... This is truly a Herculean task.

I really think I should shut up about this. Spare people from this senseless anguish... But I'm still human. I don't know if I'm going to stay whole if I can't shout in some way or another.

As for my future? Only time will tell...