please read my letter so i can be remembered by someone
i just want someone to know about me before i go.  read if you want.  thanks if you do.

&#x200B;

I will have to take at least three semesters at my new school to finish my bachelor’s degree.  This new school is shitty and not a good school but it’s the only one I could get in to.  I was supposed to graduate next month but since my parents refused to sign a loan for my last semester I had to drop out of the really good school I was going to.  Now since I’ll have to take so many semesters to finish the costs will balance out anyway and so now I’m wasting more time and the same amount of money for a shittier degree.  I don’t want to graduate when I’m 24, I wanted to graduate at 21 like I was supposed to and not waste 6+ years of my life in college.  I don’t even want to be doing what I’m majoring in.  I already owe 150k in loans that I’ll never pay off.  I’m going to be stuck in a shitty job (if I can even find a job after all this corona shit) for the rest of my life.  I don’t see myself being able to move out of my mom’s house before I graduate since I can’t get a high enough paying job without a degree.  I cannot stay here in the middle of fucking nowhere in this abusive household for 2 more years.  My dreams of going to Korea are over because I won’t be able to find a high enough paying job there to afford living and my school loan payments.  I envisioned myself living in Korea/NYC by the time I graduated which was supposed to be in two months; now I might have to wait two more years.  I cannot wait that long.  And the only thing I wanted to do, which was pursue my love of music/singing/making Youtube videos, is not an option because of how much I'll have to work to pay off the loans; how my family doesn't let me record shit in the house because I'm "too loud" even though they're always screaming at each other; how I'm not even a good enough singer to do anything and I'm not in a financial position or location to get lessons/learn from anyone.

&#x200B;

I've already been through sexual assault, an abusive relationship, and abusive family in college, on top of depression and anxiety and PTSD from the assault.  My whole childhood was full of abusive and terrifying memories.  I can even recall my father telling me that if I wanted to kill myself so badly as a thirteen year old that I should just do it, but do it outside of the house so he doesn't have to clean it up.  I can't hold on anymore.  Life was supposed to be better after I graduated, I was supposed to leave.  I can't sit around for another two years and be treated without any respect.