Interviewer berated me because of a misspelled word on my resume, they were incorrect. How should I have handled this situation?
The allegedly misspelled word was 'Licence'. In America, and possible other countries that use American English, the word is spelled 'License'; in Canada and the UK, it is not. 

On my resume I have a section near the end that lists a few licences and certifications I have. The interview was for a very large engineering company that gave me the interview after a recommendation I received, so I assume they only glanced at the resume before giving me a call.

The interview itself was supposed to be an hour, but it only lasted around 45 minutes. I was being interviewed by a man, Joe, and a woman, Jane. Near the beginning of the interview Joe points something out on my resume to Jane and smirks, I knew the area of my resume he was looking at and assumed it was to do with a cert I have that doesn't formally expire so the formatting is weird.

The interview went really well, but it all fell apart at the end when we were wrapping up, Joe said "just one last question, how do you not proofread a resume?". He followed it up with a comment about how it otherwise looked great and I obviously put time into it, but this typo was jarring. I asked what typo and he just pointed at 'Licence'; my reaction was shock and a stunned silence before I said "that's how you spell that". Which he didn't like. He chuckled at my comment and sounded really annoyed when he just spat out that no, it wasn't. I didn't know what to say so I doubled down and he got very annoyed / angry and became pretty condescending. He started lecturing me about how he was trying to help me, how I obviously wouldn't be getting this job but in the future I should just focus on my spelling and not to attack interviewers. We started to argue and bicker over it and it was getting heated when he told me to leave. I said check your drivers licence and tell me how it's spelled there but he wouldn't. He just ended the interview on that note. While I packed my things and put my coat on, Jane checked, and told Joe that it's spelled licence there. I had already mentioned that 'License' is the american english way, but he didn't seem to know what i meant.

How should I handle that in the future, or should i just take the word of my resume?