My boyfriend is distant towards me
A couple of weeks ago my boyfriend of 3 years became really depressed and insecure about our relationship. He felt like that his reasons for being with me in the first place were bad and thought it was a bad decision. In short, he told me he got together with me because he didn't want to feel lonely. Okay, initially, that would be a bad reason to get together with someone, but it doesn't necessarily make it a bad decision altogether. At least, I don't think so. We've been together for 3 years and neither of us have had any fights, quarrels, or what have you. We've had arguments and disagreements like every other couple but we've always managed to work through them. He has done absolutely nothing to make me reconsider the relationship. His main concern was "If you make a good decision for bad reasons, is it still a good decision?"

I think we all have shitty reasons for good decisions. When I was in high school they offered Juniors and Seniors a concurrent program where you can take college classes for both high school and college credit. Since these classes allowed for me to get out of school almost an hour earlier than high school, I went for it. I didn't even care much for the benefits it would offer me down the line, I just didn't want to be stuck in school until 3:35. As it turns out, not only did this allow for me to get college credit two years earlier than most, I got all of my basics out of the way when it came time to go to college as a full-time student. I also had several scholarships to that same Community College... so ultimately, it didn't even *matter* what my reasons were for going for that program in the first place. That program helped me establish what I really wanted to study.

Another part of it was that he felt that he wasn't good enough for me; that I deserve better, and that our relationship wasn't going anywhere... honestly, I'd only have an issue with the latter if neither of us were in college and we both had jobs and were living together. But for the time being, there's a good reason why our relationship doesn't go anywhere, and it's because neither of us have jobs that allow for us to live together yet, and we're both still in college studying. There's no need to rush into something more when you have important goals to accomplish first. His concern with this was that he thought I wasn't happy about it... but I'm just fine. I can wait until one of us graduates and/or gets a good enough job for us to be able to live together. Again, rushing into moving your relationship forward will cause undue stress.

As for the former... well... I feel like with that logic, I can't find anyone better. He has described me as the nicest person that he knows and he can't even remember a time when I made him mad. I feel the same way about him too. I don't think he really gets that in order to be with someone you have to expect some flaws. Don't settle for complete assholes that don't make you happy, of course, but at least make sure the awesome things about someone outweigh their flaws.

In any case, I managed to have a good long talk with him about it, and even spent a couple of days with him afterward. He was happy. I was happy. We were both happy. Until now.

Now it's happening again, He's getting very distant towards me, and any attempts and reassurances to him about how he can talk to me about any problems have resulted in him saying either a "No" or a "k" depending on what I say to him. Now today, he's finally told him to leave him be for a bit. I guess it is for the best, and I will give him the space he needs, but given that this is the first time he's explicitly told me to leave him alone gives me a bad feeling of what's to come next. I want whatever problems there are to be solved or at least talked about as soon as possible. I don't want us to split and wind up ruining what we've got, but if that's what he wants to do, then I don't have a choice in the matter.

EDIT: He finally opened up to me last night. As it turns out, he's felt like that I've been blowing him off as of late (Work as given me more hours, I've been hanging out with some friends, and I've also started volunteering at a Cat Shelter recently,) and that we weren't as close as we have been before. He thinks us going on a date would help bring us closer, so we're going on an adventure this Saturday. :) Thanks for your kind words, I really do appreciate it.