Overwhelmed by my family’s secret life
Some background info before I get started
Be me: 19 male
5 kids in my family: 3 older sisters, 2 you get brothers, I’m the older brother

Literally less than an hour ago I learned of a metric fuckton of stuff that really messed me up, and also put a lot of things into place for me. I learned that me and my younger brother were sheltered from the rest of the family’s secret life. My oldest sister who I found out is actually only my half sister from my mothers first marriage I had no idea about was, and is the coldest most manipulative psychopath (she was tested, she has no empathy, idk what else to call it) that my parents who were both marines for 20+ years have ever seen. Growing up she manipulated my other sisters into hating, despising, and making life miserable for my parents and bullying and making life miserable for them at the same time. Ending finally when the two sisters moved off to college, found therapists, and realized what was happening.  This was especially hard on my mother because while I was in my young adolescent years, somewhere roughly between the ages of 2-6, she was struggling with stage 4 breast cancer, making this whole situation quite a lot to deal with. It didn’t help that in my teen years the oldest sisters then manipulated me into hating my mom, who I now know is the most loving, caring, and forgiving woman in the world. 

Another thing, less than an hour ago I found out that once she miraculously beat the cancer that she was told was going to leave her three months to live, she was then told that if she’s lucky, in about 15 years (10-15 if she isn’t) she’s going to get cancer again, and this time it will kill her. Because with the amount of radiation and chemotherapy she had there’s no possible way she won’t get cancer again. So I can expect her to get cancer again (if they’re right) within the next few years and I will lose her. 

Anyway, this sister was someone I trusted more than anyone. She has a fiancée that I treat and feel like he’s my actual brother, and friends that I felt were the only people i could be myself around. I genuinely thought that I had a great relationship with her, and everything that I was beginning to notice was just sisters fighting and girls holding grudges. I found out that not only is that not the case, but all these years she’s been lying and spreading horrible stories about me and the rest of my family to everyone of her friends that I’d met and enjoyed time with, and to her fiancée that I love like a brother, and to anyone who will listen really. So not only did I just lose someone I thought loved me and I had a great relationship with, I know I’m gonna lose my mom soon too. This sister also continues to manipulate my still clueless you get brother who is just starting Highschool. She somehow manipulated him into giving her a computer that he had built himself by saving up for the parts by finding any kind of work he could do for neighbors, our parents or anyone growing up. And uses her relationship with him to come over to my parents house, act friendly and either steal something or brag and strut off her success in some validation seeking act. 

I don’t know how to feel. Mostly I feel sad that 1. I didn’t appreciate my mom who has only ever loved and supported me with all her heart and now it might be too late and 2. Someone I thought was my best friend, a person whom I trusted my entire life, betrayed, lied to and hated me. And continues to abuse my family through my younger brothers innocence. 

I just had to vent