Help! Ghosted after accepting job offer?!
I recently quit my job of 6 years that I loved because I was recruited by another company through LinkedIn who saw my skills/experience and thought I would be a perfect fit for the job as manager overseeing 3 different high volume locations on a high school campus. 

Recruiter invited me to a invite only job fair. When I arrived the HR rep automatically assumed I was there for a "shift supervisor position" which is way lesser of a position than I was going for/ qualified for. She said there was only shift supervisor & assistant management positions open. I told her I must have been mislead, and I had spoken to a recruiter on linked in. Only then did she "check her computer" & see that in fact, there was a full management position open. 

The interview itself was with the general manager, & I completely nailed the interview. This company focuses on guest service and standards so I answered my questions around that. My district manager from my previous job used to be this managers district manager as well, so I made sure to ask if she knew him in the interview. They did seem worried that I had worked only low volume locations(my companies high volume doesn't touch their low volume), but loved that I had experience as a leader in 3 stores, supporting other locations & had opened a brand new location in the area recently as well. I also had all the management training done, certifications done, & experience training leaders/tms for the district.  I almost expected to be hired on the spot. But was told they needed to get through the rest of the applicants, see how the day plays out & then would get back to me. 

The recruiter reached out to me and asked what I thought. I was completely honest, I told him about the mix up & how the hr rep seemed to judge me based on my age. He said he would figure out what happened because he had spoken prior directly with her & said that I specifically was there for the upper level management position. He basically hinted that I was overqualified. 

The manager reached out to me and asked me to come in for a second interview with another manager. The interview was with both managers. It was extremely laid back and it seemed like more of a meet & greet then an interview. When I explained all the training I had, the second manager asked the first what one of them was- and the first goes "thats the training you're doing now." The second manager asked the first if we talked about pay, where the first manager kinda of whispered - well I think that *hr rep* will discuss that. 

2 weeks went by and I thought ok, not happening. Then I get a call from the hr rep apologizing because they realized noone had reached out and then offering me the position. I explained I was still interested but was currently at work & asked if I could call back in a few hours. " Ok no problem! "
2 minutes later the 2nd manager calls me and asks if I'm still interested, I told her I just spoke to Jessica & I was, but I was at work and would call back in a few hours. I called back and neither answered their phones, kept ringing. I left a voicemail on one. Noone ever called me back but HR rep emailed me the welcome packet, job offer, etc. The position was for assistant manager (a position lower than I had interviewing for) but salary pay & higher than I was making at the job I was working. I completed all the paperwork (e-sign) sent it in, and asked if It was possible for a later start date so I could remain professional with my employer & give them correct notice. Hr rep replied it was no problem and since I let them know about my vacation during interviewing. She offered I start the day I come back. I said that would be great!

Since noone had called me back to discuss more of the position, I reached out to check about dress code. They said they would order me a shirt & asked what size. I replied back with size & a thank you. Now time has gone by and I am meant to start in 6 days. I reached out the day before my vacation to the 1st manager, Ccd the 2nd manager in, & did not get any responses.... I asked about the rest of the dress code, and where exactly/what time I would be reporting to since there are 3 locations on campus. 

3 days have passed since I sent the email. I'm on vacation at the other end of the country & would rather not make a phone call because the manager speaks very broken English and it's hard for me to find somewhere quiet here. Should I fwd the email to the HR rep and ask for her help? I dont know what to do and dont understand why they are ghosting me😭