How to stop feeling like/being used as everyone's trophy girl?
Everyone I’ve ever “dated” (never turned into serious relationships) has only wanted me because they consider me to be attractive, and I guess I’m what’s called conventionally pretty (not trying to sound snobby, it's just what people tell me). Before you say it, I dress conservatively and I honestly don’t sleep around. I don’t throw my self at guys, and I’m not even on dating apps. I’ve only ever “dated” three guys in my life. With that being said, I’ve still had the bad luck of only meeting people who only like me for my looks. They’re not even your typical player types - they start out really nice. But eventually they stop even trying to get to know me or my personality. It’s not like I’m dumb or boring - I have a master’s in Economics and have hobbies outside of that. But no matter how educated/interesting I could be, nobody wants to get to know me for who I am. Interestingly enough, even though I’ve made it clear that I won’t sleep with someone unless I’m in a relationship, these guys still keep inviting me over to only makeout with them, and then they brag about it to their friends.

To me this is weird because if sex isn’t on the table and they don’t want to be involved with me on a personal/emotional/serious level, then why stick around for just making out (its not like we’re high schoolers)? I’m 27, and these guys have all been either my age or older. They could easily not get involved with me and go sleep around with everyone else, so why bother? But I digress. Long story short, nobody cares about me as a person - they only care about my looks. I feel like I’m in a limbo; people want to "date" me and I have tons of options, but eventually all anyone cares about is how I look and how I make them look to their friends. I don't even feel like dating anymore, because I feel like its just going to be the same thing over and over again - guys only want to keep seeing me because I'm they find me attractive. 

It all feels so fake, and I feel completely disillusioned. Honestly, sometimes I think it would be better to be average looking/not attractive, because at least then you'd know from the get-go that the person you're dating is interested in your personality (I don't mean that hurtfully). I don’t think most people understand how bad it hurts to only be desired for your looks. I feel like nobody will ever want to be a companion to me. I’m happy and secure in myself and being single, but I’m still very lonely and want a boyfriend who sees past my looks. (Also, when I was in grad school, there were a few girls in my cohort who were like gorgeous. They were in serious relationships with guys who loved them and wanted them, so I know its possible. I just don't understand why it hasn't happened for me yet, especially since I really liked all three of those guys I dated).

TLDR: Nobody wants to date me seriously, they only like having me around for my looks. But I'm ready for a serious relationship and the real thing, and I want to be wanted for more than just "being pretty".