Awarded NDSEG - Advice about entering a new program for PhD? *Marine Science/STEM/US*
I was just awarded the NDSEG, which will fully fund me for three years as a graduate student with a great stipend. For reference, I am a second year graduate student in a marine science program that I love. Before receiving this award, I had decided to defend my MS thesis and work for a few years before getting my PhD. I set a defense date and have been interviewing for Masters level jobs. My field is molecular microbiology and I study social interactions in bacteria, but I would be interested in focusing more on microscopy work and field-based ecological studies.

Since I was planning on doing a PhD at some point, I feel like the NDSEG fellowship is too good of an opportunity to pass up! I absolutely love my advisor and department, and if I were to stay in my current program I could finish my PhD in the three years that I now have funded. However....I don’t love the research I am doing. I have been in my lab for >5 years already (undergrad, lab manager, and now graduate student), and I’m just ready for something new. My background is in microscopy, bacterial genetics, and molecular microbiology. I would love to incorporate more microscopy into my work, and given that I am in marine sciences I am looking for more opportunities to do field work. 

So this leaves me with three options:

1. Decline the NDSEG and defend my MS, as I had originally planned. Given that I intended on doing a PhD at some point, I no longer feel like this is my best option.

2. Complete a PhD in my current program. Although I don’t love my current research projects, I have a fantastic relationship with my advisor and I can appreciate that this isn’t always the case in academia. I have also already completed my quals/classes/etc. so the rest of my time in this program would solely be doing research.

3. Defend my MS and enter a new program for my PhD. This would give me the opportunity to find a research project that I am really excited about, but I am concerned about the timeline. I only have until 4/29 to accept the NDSEG, and obviously I will not be able to travel to visit programs/advisors right now because of COVID. This is very short notice to find someone willing to accept a new graduate student, and I’m weary of joining a new lab without having met with my advisor in person.

Does anyone have advice about how to handle this situation? Obviously this is a really great problem to have, and I know that I will end up happy and in a successful career no matter which option I choose! Additionally, can anyone offer advice about how to approach potential advisors on short notice like this?