Started A New Job In IT, Wanted To See If This Was Normal?
So i started a job in an IT Helpdesk position this week and it has been going, strangely. I wanted to see if this was normal in the work place and in this position.

So I have no prior IT experience other than building my own computers, troubleshooting my own problems, worked at a cellphone carrier before doing technical troubleshooting and a lot of problem solving with phones, and i went to a year long bootcamp and graduated for programming and web development. I guess they liked my problem solving skills, and experience in programming which is why i got the job. Anyways, the company is smaller than small i would say. They have been around since 1990 and their biggest client is a few auto dealerships. In total there are 7 people in the whole company, 2 of them being the owners(brothers).

Anyways, so they aren't training me at all, they give me a list of tasks and i need to complete them by the end of the day. I have no problem with that since with coding its a lot of finding the answer on my own and sink or swim situations aren't new to me. But i feel like im doing a lot more than what my initial position stated. Ive been shadowing too and ill be doing everything from desktop support to imaging computers and deploying them to doing wiring and setting up networks and everything in-between. They had me sign a w4 but no direct deposit, im supposed to work 8am-5pm but i would get here at 7:40 and nobody would show up until 9am. Nobody would call or text me, they havent even given me their phone numbers and they didnt even know mine. One of the employees went out of her way to get me everyones phone number. They agreed to move my time up to 8:30, so ive been getting here at that time and nobody shows up still until 9-9:30. I dont have a key or a code to get in because they wont give me one. They wont even give me the wifi password. ive asked for all of that stuff and they wont give me anything.

Lastly, we are supposed to get reimbursed for our mileage if we drive out to a client, but they dont even track that. I dont even know if they track my time worked because we dont even have a clock in system. It seems very disorganized and i didnt know if this was a normal thing for an IT company?

I'm not trying to bitch and moan i just wanted to see if this was all normal.

EDIT: I have been let go today in my first week because on top of dumping all of these things I had to learn, they expected me to go above and beyond and vacuum the floors and clean the work bench and help carry boxes and said my attitude seemed distant and I explained to them that it’s because this week i have gone through a lot in my personal life and tried to not have it reflect at work. Also because they think they don’t have the time to devote to help me learn like they want so I’ve been let go.