How can I make my boss understand how overworked I am?
Basically, I'm the team lead and in charge of supervising two junior team members, so I have all of their responsibilities plus a heap of other responsibilities on top of them - including managing those team members. Despite this, I've been repeatedly chewed out by my boss because the junior team members complete more of a few specific kind of tasks than I do in a shift.

To me this seems ridiculous. It's like asking a manager of a coffee shop why they aren't making as many cups of coffee as the baristas. During shifts I'm the sole go-to person for people from other departments (there's a lot of back and forth) and in charge of overseeing operations, and deciding which tasks are priorities and which aren't, and doing final QC checks. Even to get all of that done I usually end up working 10-12 hour days, and it's still not enough.

My boss just won't listen when I explain how overworked I am. He has very specific ideas about how long certain tasks "should" take, right down to the second. He's mapped out my shifts according to these increments of time that he's decided constitute how long each task should take and it all adds up to 8 hours, therefore he thinks there shouldn't be a problem. There's no accounting for the fact that switching tasks every few minutes makes a dent in focus and productivity.

For example, one of the tasks that he's tacked onto my job is running social media. I'm supposed to post to Twitter 30 times a day with accompanying images, gifs etc. and he says that this should be easy because "it only takes a few seconds." But crafting a tweet that's witty and engaging and corporate-friendly takes more than just a few seconds, and interrupting my day to do it 30 times is really disruptive.

With everything that I'm expected to do, mistakes are inevitably made and things slip through the cracks. I've been reprimanded for mistakes many times and every single time I tell him the same thing: I have too much stuff to do. And nothing changes. If anything, more work just gets added to the list.

Has anyone had any success getting through to a hard-headed boss? So far I've tried everything that I can think of.