People disparaging people from commenting to people about their weight.
I've always been too skinny, incapable of gaining weight and it's bothered me. People would always say "Omg you're so skinny eat something ffs." Or they would turn to my wife and be like "Omg do you feed him wtf is wrong with you." It was pretty simple to be like... Yeah I dunno fast metabolism I guess.

I quit smoking, quit drinking coffee and quit indulging in marijuana. I've gained like... I dunno 20lbs. Now everyone is like... "Whoa you look good with those extra pounds." And usually I respond with, "Thank you." 

It's 2020 now, we've endured a lot of flurries over the past few years. You know. Lots of snowflakes pouring in. I really think it's about time people realized intent. I'll give another example.

A lady I've known since she was 50 (like when I was born) is now in her 70's, the entire time I can remember she's been overweight. It's never bothered anybody but herself really because she's great and nobody is like.."Damn woman do you ever stop eating?" She's constantly on diets with her left hand and eating chips by the bagful with her right. Nobody cares because that's her business. When she says "OMG You're too thin." and I would say "Well I'm eating, doctor says I'm healthy, my BMI is good." She would say "Well you look unhealthy." If I were to say maybe, "haha you seen yourself lately?" Those aren't compliments and it brings into question the intent of the situation.

If someone is genuinely giving you a compliment and you're going to be an ass and get defensive then YOU'RE an asshole , not them. If you can't tolerate people not knowing every single thing going on your head that doesn't make them insensitive it makes you insensitive and I think people should start realizing that most people have good intentions.

If you're so wrapped up in what's bothering you that you can't understand that people are just trying to be nice then you should work on that, not go after people for simply trying to compliment you. 

It's really interesting how people will lash out at someone with pure intentions but then defend people with misaligned intentions. It would be nice if we could start paying more attention to where comments are coming from and less of what they are. 

If someone were to say "OMG you're so skinny." I were to respond with, "I know, I'm doing my best but I just can't pack em on for some reason." They could simply say, "Hey, your body is just built differently don't be so hard on yourself I'm sure you'll reach your goals."

Or maybe... "Hey, you've lost a lot of weight lately you look good." and you were to say "Yeah it wasn't intentional it's a tough time, I'd rather not talk about it." they could say "Oh, I'm really sorry to hear that, I hope things get better."

You gonna shit on people for trying to be nice and you're going to isolate yourself from people who's intentions were never to hurt you.