Here I am opening up for the first time to some strangers on the internet
 

Idk where to start. Tbh Im ashamed cuz I am asking for help. I can't really open up to anyone with my deeper problems. I feel like im stuck in this life thing or Im doing something wrong. My problems arent even that bad tbh but how I feel about them is way worse.

So Im young 21, I have a good career in front of me Im doing college I am good looking imo, I think Im pretty popular also, I got a lot of friends but I can't really talk to anyone about how I feel, actually I feel more alone than ever. I don't even cry anymore, everything is building up in me. I got a dysfunctional family with alcoholics and for the last year I am becoming like them. Most problems I have right now is due to my drinking, such as losing some friends, respect, feeling sad, can't handle with heavy stuff without drinking... I decided to stop drinking... again, but everytime a struggle comes I relapse. Im broke because of my alcohol.

I actually know why I started drinking in the first place but I don't know how to handle it. The root problem of all is failing to succeed in stuff such as sport or music and lack of love/need of love and admiration. I got a lot of hobbies that I want to turn into something big but Im failing in doing that. I realize i can't be the best or a pro in a year or two but I don't really see any progress in sports or music even tho I try to do it at least 3 times a week even tho I still drink n all. With sport is simple like I trained in a lot of sports but Im no better than an average joe who plays those sport occasionally. With music is just that I like my music but no one else listens to it. But I think this need to succeed in stuff is because I want to gain more respect and admiration.

Everyday I realize I am nothing special even tho I dreamt of that as a little kid. I wasn't raised in perfect standards but who was, I got a lot of bullying as kid cuz I was a nice. That left a lot of scars but I changed a lot since then. The stuff that hurts most is that I feel I lack love and I need it. I want to be in a relationship but at the same time I don't want to be in one. Everytime I go out with a girl I like I mostly change my mind about her the next day. The few relationships I had lasted no more than a week. I know so many people who are in realtionships for years and are happy with them. I feel like I don't deserve to be happy like them sometimes. I feel like, when the time for real relationship with the right one will come, I won't have enough experience with it. Thats the worst part-lack of experience in relationships and that Im not ready yet. I fear going intimate with someone else but at the same time I torture my self because I am still alone and I lack love. Im losing love for myself with it.

I hate being alone, I go out with people all the time but It just feels like a waste of time atm, partying or going for a coffee n stuff... I don't really enjoy it that much anymore except if there is alcohol involved. I don't really listen to what people say anymore I can't focus on it. And the funny thing is that people keep complaining to me about their problems and I help them fix it. But I myself haven't talked to anyone about my problems. Even if I do talk about surface problems people really can't really help me.

The first thing I think I should do right now is to stop drinking and stop socializing all the time because its wasting my time. I think I should pick up another sport and start serious with it so I can replace it with all that BS. As for relationships I don't really know what I should do here, Im prolly just gonna wait until the right one comes, but I am way too picky so its gonna take a while and even if it happens my lack of experience will prolly mess it all up.

Im really grateful that someone actually took their time to read this mess. I think Im facing the enemy within but I don't know how to beat him.

If anyone has any advice or comment about all these problems I would be very happy to read em all, since this is the first time I actually opened up. Im comfortable opening up cuz you are all strangers n all and at this moment I don't really know what I should do because my brain don't fully work for me anymore I guess.