Really beginning to feel scared today. Yet another rejection for a position I’m more than qualified for.
I am a very qualified candidate with a clean record, performed highly in my last role, and look good on paper for the jobs I’m applying for. Today marks three months since I quit a job that was destroying me inside. In this time, I’ve applied to at least like 50-75 jobs, resulting in 7 final round interviews. Ive left most of them feeling like it went well. The answers I gave during these interviews were for the most part clear concise and applicable, following the STAR format to a tee. I’m confident of that because of how few probing questions my answers seem to provoke. This morning I opened my email to see that, yet again, I have not been selected to fill the role I most recently interviewed for. I genuinely do not know why I’m not getting offers. Based on past experience, I know the difference between when an interview went well and when it went poorly. But now, I am just so confused about what I’m not providing. For the first time today, I’m really feeling scared that I won’t get a job with the salary and benefits I need.

Edit: Also, I wanted to run this past anyone who reads this post. Obviously, when you quit a job it’s going to be the elephant in the room when you begin interviewing for a new one. When asked why I left my old company, I reply with a brief history of my time spent there that basically culminates with “My ambition was to learn a new part of the business after performing well in the same department/same role for 2.5 years. However, it became apparent this was not going to happen in a manner that aligned with my own personal and professional goals, and I did not believe I was going to make much more progress in my current role. Therefore, I decided to explore opportunities outside of the company.” This is an honest accurate answer, but I have suspicion that it is not being received well. Does anyone have any feedback on this?

Edit: This is an unbelievably supportive sub! I am first time poster, but your well measured advice and encouragement has completely snapped me out of my pity party today. Thank you so much everyone.