How do I (14 M) talk to my (Typical Indian) dad about seeing a therapist?
Tl;dr at bottom

Hey guys. So, for context: I am a 14 y/o dude from India. I have a typical Indian dad, so that means conservative and not so open-minded, and we aren't close either. We haven't really talked about anything else other than studies and me being a failure in the past... 3 years or so. I have been depressed and suicidal for about 2 years now and have been cutting for about a year. I think I might have anxiety, but not really sure about that. So, with that in mind, here's what's I need help with:

About a month ago, I tried talking to my dad about my cuts. I went to him and showed him my recent scars and he asked what they were. I told him they were cuts with a razor blade and he didn't ask me why but instead started screaming at me about me not studying and that I cut myself because of Youtube (As it had "rotten my brain"). He told me that he would have listened to me and helped if I had gotten good grades (Like, above 95%) but since I haven't gotten good grades (I have like a 75-80% overall), he doesn't give a fuck. I couldn't even tell him about what was bothering me. The first thing I said was insecurities, and he said I don't know the first thing about being insecure. Then I said anxiety and he went on and on about how I have no anxiety and it's all just due to Youtube. This went on and on and I just stopped speaking. Like half an hour in, he told me that I should just take a knife and slice my wrists so I can die once and for all and how it would be great and he wouldn't give a shit (This was pretty descriptive. He told me exactly where to cut and how much time it would take me to die. Also, to slice them in the bathroom sink so the bedroom doesn't get dirty)

After like 1.5-2 weeks after this convo, he came into my room and told me that he got irritated because he couldn't understand what caused me to do it and he had cried later that night. Now I don't know if I should believe him or not. Anyways, this was just the backstory and here is what's going on now:

I want to see a therapist to talk about my problems but there is no therapist where I live. The closest one is like 3 hours away. One of my closest friends lives in Chandigarh (It's a big city) and I asked him if he could find out about any therapists there. His mom used to be a dentist so she knew some people and one of her close friends is a reputable psychologist in Fortis hospital. He told me about her and I was like "Well, so can I call her and talk to her about wtf is going on with me" but turns out she needs to talk to my dad first because since I'm a minor I can't be diagnosed without parental consent. So this means that I will have to tell my dad that I need to see a therapist. He will ask me why and I will have to tell him about my depression, suicidal thoughts, etc.

Keeping in mind how our last convo about my mental health went and our not-so-good relationship, can you guys give me some advice about how to talk to him?

(PS: He gets irritated very easily and he rarely listens to me, and even if he does he will say I'm wrong since I am younger and that I never listen to him.)

TL;DR: I am a 14 y/o Indian dude with a typical Indian dad. Our last convo about my mental health went not so wonderful and he told me to kill myself and how to do it, and that he doesn't give a fuck about it. I want to see a therapist for depression, suicidal thoughts, self-harming, etc. but the closest one is 3 hours away. I need parental consent for even basic diagnoses, and I have no idea how to approach my dad about this. We have a poor relationship and haven't talked about anything else than studies in the past 3 years or so. (Skim through the upper paragraphs because I might have left something out, I tend to do that)

&#x200B;

Update: So while talking normally, I asked my dad what he would say if I asked him I wanted to see a therapist. He reminded me that I had already asked him and he said that since there are no child therapists in India, it wouldn't do me much good. Also, he said that my issue is a lack of focus and confusion (And it is this confusion that led me to cut myself) and that since I do not have a psychological problem like depression, I can just meditate and go for walks and I'll be okay. The funny thing is, I was amused when he said that I don't have depression lol (Hopefully it didn't show up on my face)

Also, I talked to him about why he had talked the way he did when I told him about my cuts. He said that he had a long and tiring day and when I told him he couldn't process what happened and got irritated (Which is his kind of go-to emotion. Mine is laughing). I know this doesn't excuse what he said, but it's at least a reason I can get behind. He also told me to talk to him about whatever is bothering me instead of a therapist, which I won't be doing

&#x200B;

UPDATE #2: Here is the link to the letter I will be giving him. If you would like, you can go through it and let me know if I should change anything (Names and stuff changed): [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mPqoXtyLRbuWboCQuACZyAZntW835uzHB3QQUFjYHZ8/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mPqoXtyLRbuWboCQuACZyAZntW835uzHB3QQUFjYHZ8/edit?usp=sharing)

&#x200B;

UPDATE #3: So my dad got me an appointment with the therapist I mentioned for tomorrow at 11 AM. I'll be talking to her tomorrow and I guess I will give the final update when I come back home

&#x200B;

FINAL UPDATE: So I went to see the therapist today. We talked for about an hour and in the end, she diagnosed me with mild depression, anxiety and BPD (Borderline Personality Disorder). I have been given meds for mood stabilization and am on some sort of anxiety program. I'll be going to her once every week for at least 3-4 sessions and then once every 15 days. I'm pretty sure this will be the final update, but feel free to PM me. A big thank you to everyone as all of you helped me a lot!