Just cut someone off and I feel awfully sad about it.. but it was the right choice
I met this guy on a dating app and we quickly became close, talked a lot and met up a couple times over the span of a month and a half.

the problem is - he kept letting me know that he was still on the fence about us because he had feelings for another girl as well, and was trying to make up his mind between us two. he even brought it up in the middle of sexting! And it obviously ruined the mood. 

nevertheless I found him genuine in that he was always 100% honest with me, and I believed he really was a good person despite the fishy situation with the other girl. but recently he started showing the obvious signs of starting to lose interest (barely keeping up with the conversation, avoided talking about meeting up, I always had to initiate the talking.. you know the deal).

I knew this was probably because he was already leaning towards the other girl, but I was annoyed that he had resorted to this mild ghosting, instead of letting me know the truth.

I initiated a conversation with him yesterday and we actually had a nice talk unrelated to his situation, but I still felt like something was not right. It just wasn’t the same anymore and he still seemed painfully distant.

today I decided to take that step and let him know that I needed to break contact (I don’t like ghosting and I rather let people know I won’t be talking to them again, even if it’s awkward) because I could see this was clearly not going anywhere. 

I went completely against my feelings here, I did feel a lot for him (still do), but I couldn’t deal with this anxiety any longer. I just feel like I was being strung along and now I realize that he probably only wanted me to hook up and sext. 

His reply was a quick apology and wished me well. I can’t help but think he let me go very easily and this dampens my mood even more.

I feel really fucking sad right now but a part of me knows it was the right decision. all I can do now is let time pass and take these feelings away.

I wanted to write this in case someone else was in a similar situation. Don’t let others string you along like I did. It will only hurt worse in the end.