I just saw a post asking “If you committed suicide a year ago what beautiful things would you have missed?”. I can’t think of a single thing.
When I saw that post it stopped my mindless scrolling instantly. I have been thinking for almost half an hour now with no luck. Even if I think of the year before that. Although I have been suicidal in the past with many attempts, that was so long ago and I didn’t realize I still felt this way deep down. 

This last year has been be laying in bed day after day other than the few times a week I go downtown and waste my whole cheque on heroin. I guess I haven’t felt like dying because I’ve been so focused on being high. My mom refuses to let me outdoors alone for more than 5 minutes because she can’t trust me to not go downtown and pick up.

I considered finally dating my best friend of 4 years as a thing I would have missed happening, but if I’m honest, the relationship felt off from right when it happened. I don’t have the heart to tell him because I do love him, but now after years of him being clean he’s relapsed again (shooting heroin and popping benzos). It’s only been a week and he has already ended up in the hospital. I’ve been wanting to break up with him but now he’s in a bad place and I feel stuck. He’s one of the 4 people in my life that I actually talk to. The other 4 are my family members.

My dad is across the country with his girlfriend and we rarely talk even though he reaches out. It’s the first year he has ever not gifted me something for Christmas or my Birthday, which are only a week apart, and it made me terribly depressed sitting at home with his gifts never opened and now stored away in my closet with all the other junk that doesn’t matter. I know my mom is disappointed in me and so is my grandmother who, the same as my dad, I can’t seem to get myself to call back or message. I have no friends. I am alone and broke and unhappy.

This all came out of nowhere. I don’t know what to do. I have been trying so hard to get in touch with a psychiatrist but my office just ignores me and I’ve already called and gone there begging over 15 times in the last 4 months. There is too many things wrong and I can’t solve them all. Every time I told my mom about being suicidal in the past she would get angry and call me selfish, so family is off the list of people I can talk to since they tell my mom everything. My boyfriend interrupts me when I tell him I’m depressed and goes on about his own feelings, so he’s off the list too.

My mother won’t let me leave the house alone at all either, so I can’t get away from her unless I want to leave for good. If I do leave, she will kick me out and not let me back inside, which would force me to stay god knows where. I know that is illegal since I pay rent and sounds crazy but it is only because she fears I will run downtown and pick up heroin. 

Unfortunately, all that is on my mind is getting high. If I do, I’ve got no home unless I go to treatment and there are no options for that currently with this virus that I can think of. Even if there was, I can’t commit. Ironically, drugs are probably the main reason I’m not dead yet and why I’ve been so distracted from realizing I was still suicidal.

• • • • •

I’m feeling a million emotions a minute and I have nothing to stop me from making the “wrong” choice. I’m sorry this story is so long, I just want to be as detailed as I can so if I do end it, I’ve left at least something behind. Everything else is dirty and messy and worthless. I feel that I deserve to end things after all the rape and abuse and hatred I’ve had to deal with in my life. I REFUSE to believe it is a selfish thing to do anymore. 

I’m so, so tired.

Edit: some words.