I feel like I'm tottering on the edge of the abyss(Long)
Probably for about the past 6 months, I feel like I've been on the edge of falling into depression. With being a senior in high school, it feels like nothing matters anymore, yet I'm still stressed about everything. I've got a shit load of AP tests in a month, that I've barely studied for. The only college I got into that I actually want to go to is Rose Hulman, which is actually a good school... But it's so hard to be raised to think that maybe my friends and I are special. I've always been in the top of my class, taking all advanced classes, doing plenty of extracurriculars, and overall having extremely high hopes for my future. And now I realize that it's nothing special. There are literally millions of other people exactly like me, sure we'll do alright in life and get a nice college degree. We'll probably live a pretty nice life. But I'm never going to do something in the world. I'm just me. I couldn't even get into one of my top choice schools, there's no chance I'm going to be able to do anything big going to a school only well known in the Midwest.

And still, that's not even all that's on my plate right now. I'm just so lonely. I have plenty of friends at school, and we hang out a lot, but literally none of them actually know me. They don't know my feelings, my passions, my insecurities. To them, I'm an emotionless video game nerd. It doesn't help that for the past three years I've had very strong romantic feelings (I don't want to say love, considering I'm a high schooler) for one of my very good friends... Who has been dating another very good friend since 8th grade. She's actually one of my closest friends, and I know she likes me a lot--as a friend--and that just makes it so much harder. Being close to her, being someone she can talk to, hanging out on weekends, it just hurts emotionally so badly. 

I've gotten to the point where I'm almost becoming emotionally numb, and that's honestly one of the scariest things right now because I know it's happening. The fun I have with my friends is deadened by the pain of being around her and her boyfriend as well as practically being the 9th wheel considering all of my friends are dating each other. The only happiness I've been able to find recently has been through video games and tv shows.

I don't know why I'm typing this out, I guess I just needed to vent. I don't really have anyone in my life I could tell this too without feeling like an idiot, and I know that's bad. Really right now I'm just hoping that once I go to college I'll be able to move on. Thanks for reading.