My whole life right now is a mistake.
In February, I started the application process for a fairly elite grassroots organization. I did this mostly because I was bored one day, they were sending me thousands of e-mails, and I was scheduled to graduate a year early that upcoming May. I did not think I would wind up accepted into the program, much less stationed fifteen hundred miles away from home. 

I knew after the first week of our intensive, month-long training program that this organization was not for me. I did not, and do not, have the passion, energy, and excitement for its cause that so many of its members have. Rather, I found myself caught up in a whirlwind that I could not escape. I let myself succumb to the pressures of my family and friends, all of whom were so proud of me for being accepted into an organization with an 8% acceptance rate. I was met with constant reminders that the obligation was temporary - two years - and that it would be a wonderful growing experience for me. Living in a far away city would help me mature and develop as a person.

They're right, of course. I know that living far away and working an unimaginably difficult job will force me to grow up in ways I still cannot imagine. And I have tried to make a life for myself in New Orleans. I have tried to get up and go to work every day and *not* hate my life, but the fact remains that I *do*. And I cannot help but be completely disgusted with myself for staying with this when I knew that it wasn't the right move for me. 

I want to go home. I'm homesick, of course, but it's more than that. I can't imagine living the next two years doing this job. I don't want to. I don't have a passion for it. It drains me, completely and totally. I wake up every day and absolutely *hate* where I'm going; I fall asleep and I'm so goddamn *sad* that I have to wake up the next morning. I'm lonely, frustrated, and extremely angry. And, to be honest, that's not fair to the people I'm supposed to be helping. It isn't even fair to me. 

Of course, to compound that, I'm falling in love with someone who I absolutely cannot love. In no way, shape, or form would it work. And that just isn't fair.