Please don't ghost other people..
Yeah where to start here.. Im writing this down now because needed some time to process it.. So I (25) matched with this girl (25) on Tinder like over a week ago. We connected really fast and had a whole lot in common. I thought she was out of my league but whatever. We talked for like over a week and she was really cute to me, something I never had experienced. She was always happy when I did an audio message. "I love your voice", she said every time.

We planned a date for last thursday and we both were really looking forward to it, we also were both very nervous in meeting. Actually we wanted to meet up way earlier but I was on vacation and she had to work, so our schedule didn't really fit each other.

To note: I had taken advices from girl friends and how they met their respective partners and what I could take into my account. One thing was a friend got gifted a flower (no rose) on her first date and maybe I could convince to like me even more, I thought. So I bought a flower (I don't remember what kind) plus I bought new perfume for out meetup.

So then there is thursday, we messaged all time in the morning like we did the whole week. We both agreed on playing black light minigolf. It was something active to do but not to stuffily going out and drinking a coffee or something. She lives an hour drive away and arrived like an half an hour early. I live 10 minutes away from the place. When she told me that she is already there, I got into a polo shirt and put on my extra bought perfume. I put the flower into my inside pocket of my jacket and drove to the minigolf course. It took sometime to find a parking places but finally found one so I walked to the address. And there she was. She looked even more beautiful than on the pictures she shared to me. We hugged like 5 seconds and it was really intimate. So I gave her the flower she liked the gesture but was not super excited. We brought the flower to her car and then went on to go playing. We both payed and she went to the restroom. I waited outside after like 5 minutes, she got out and said to me she goes to the car to get a blistering plaster. This was the last time I saw her and heard from her.

I waited and waited and waited... nothing. I looked at WhatsApp - no profile picture nor online status visible for me. Went on Tinder - no more match. Facebook and Instagram - not visible for me. Snapchat - deleted. She blocked me on every single social media account. Why? WHY??? I just don't get it. I can't find a reason. Do I have a crooked nose? Did the gifted flower seem creepy? Was it to much? Whats the reason? She just drove and ghosted me right away.

I told the cashier about it. She was really nice and understanding. She offered me to go get friends and play. I called my roommate and explained it. I drove home, threw my bag in the corner and immediately hugged one girl roommate (I know it doesnt matter) and began to cry in her arms. I just couldn't get over it. What did I do wrong? I started trusting her and kinda felt some vibes coming between us. The thing also is that I opened up to this girl the day before about what I feel about my future plans, additionally we talked about intimate things like sex and stuff. Something I never had talked about to anybody because Im like a late rookie regarding that topic.

Anyway we helped one new room member, who was just moving in, unload the car and we as a group of four decided to play black light minigolf at the end of the day so that I was distracted from what happened to me.

I talked about this with my friends but I just wanted to get this rid of my heart. One advice: please guys do not ghost it seriously can fuck somebody up heavily like it did to me. If only she texted me when she was in the car and didn't want to spend time. It would have been hard but okay. The darkness in me still haunts me four days after the incident. It hard for me to get the pictures out of my head.

Thanks guys for listening. Sorry if you find any mistakes, English is not my first language. Also FUCK YOU LISA!!

TL;DR: Got ghosted at a date after intimate writing and kinda trusting a person.