We were never supposed to meet, but it felt like we were destined to meet each other.
TL;DR
I (25M) met a great girl (21F) who happened to have the same school schedule as me and we walked together for a while. We started dating and spent a lot of time together. We expressed interest in each other, almost made it official, but she decided against long distance because she’s transferring to another school. She is a class act and was honest with me about what she was thinking and feeling. It’s hard wondering what might have been.



She (21F) returned to my (25M) university this semester after spending time abroad and is transferring to a school in a neighboring state. We live in the same apartment complex and I noticed that she walked to and from class the same days and times as me. One day I noticed her walking behind me and I slowed down to let her catch up to talk. She called out my name first and that led to several weeks walking and talking together.

I finally asked her out to dinner and I was surprised that she stayed in my car for almost two hours talking with me when I pulled up to her apartment after dinner. Our second date was a movie and she stayed in my car again for over an hour, but had to run in a bit early because she drank too much lemonade. We shared childhood stories, scars, and embarrassing moments over ice cream for our third date.

She told me about her favorite movies and that she hadn’t seen the sixth and final movie yet. I watched 1-5 over the next two days at work and we watched the sixth for our fourth date. I put my arm around her when the movie started and noticed that the tip of her thumb brushed mine a few times. Our fingers overlapped and interlocked as the movie went on. I asked her if she wanted to go stargazing and she immediately agreed.

Two days later I picked her up for our fifth date and found a spot in an open field. We barely missed the sunset, but we didn’t mind. We cozied up and ate snacks while we waited for the sky to turn black and used an app to find constellations. We saw dozens of satellites and wished on shooting stars. She laid her head on my chest and placed her hand over my heart the entire night. “When the Stars Go Blue” by Tim McGraw was playing when I asked her to be my girlfriend and she said yes, but sighed and said maybe because she is leaving soon. She was reluctant to go into a long distance relationship with such a new romance and wanted time to think, which I completely understand.

At one point I thought I heard her say that she loved me. I took two seconds to consider my feelings for her, and said that I loved her too. I quickly realized I misheard because she said that that was a lot to take in. Instead of backpedaling I said that I think about her, that I care about her, and more than anything I want her to be happy. What else is that except love? She seemed to appreciate my answer because she sighed and held me tighter.

I was not planning to kiss her, but she gradually came closer as the night went on, and soon our eyelashes were brushing. Then our noses nuzzled, and at that moment I knew she wanted to kiss me. I turned to face her and we were drawn to each other like magnets. We made out until 2:30 am and ran from sprinklers twice. We whispered sweet nothings all night, and she told me that she was happy that I treat her special. She confessed that her wish was that we would kiss. She said that she could easily fall asleep in my arms in that field. We agreed to continue seeing each other even though she hadn’t decided on doing long distance, and I assured her that I could go the distance. We kept saying that we had to go but we couldn’t stop kissing each other. We’d just laugh and keep kissing. I fell hard for her that night.

A day or two later I was back at her apartment to watch a movie. I came prepared with a note written in my best cursive, which I haven’t used since third grade, and I folded it into a little boat. I gave it to her after the movie and she loved the gesture. The note said, “Put two ships in the open sea, and, at last, they will come together.” We kissed again for hours and I confessed that she was very special to me, and pretty inside and out. She told me that I was special and amazing for being so good to her. I reminded her again that she could bet on me to go the distance and she said that she believed me.

Our seventh date was the Fourth of July. She wasn’t able to attend a barbecue earlier that day, but I was happy that she came with me to see fireworks. At this point the dread had been setting in for a couple days if it didn’t work, but also the excitement that it just might. We walked around holding hands exploring booths and stopped to listen to a live band. We met up with friends and cozied up for the fireworks. My friends left early to try and beat the crowds but we stayed to wait until everyone had left. We went back to my car because it started to rain and the fireworks continued.

We kissed until we were the last car left. I said that every time I kissed her was like the first time. We drove home holding hands the entire way singing along to every country song on the radio. I pulled up to her apartment at 1:25 am and we kissed goodbye until 3:00 am with the music still playing. She held me tighter than ever before and kissed me slower to stretch fleeting moments into eternity. I got the car door for her and we kissed a while longer in the rain. She didn’t mind because she was wearing my sweatshirt. Every time we kissed I would count to three to let her go, kiss her with each count, but could never let her go on three.

We planned on another movie and lunch the following Saturday but she forgot about homework and a family function. I stopped by her place and tried to talk her into getting a quick lunch, but she suggested another day. We planned on a movie for Monday night and I kissed her goodbye.

She called me Sunday night and asked me to go on a drive. It was either really bad news or really good news, but it felt like the former. Her face said everything when I got into her car. She said that she genuinely enjoyed our time together and appreciated me for being sweet and treating her special, but that the timing was bad because she was leaving in two weeks. She touched my hand and apologized, but I thanked her for her honesty and courage to tell me in person. I reminded her that everything I told her was still true; that she means a lot to me and is very special. I fought back tears but kept my composure until I could go on a drive alone to weep bitterly.

Our time together was brief but it will always be a cherished memory. I meant every word that I told her; that I care about her, and that she is beautiful inside and out. She is a sweetheart and deserves to be treated special. I wish that we could have been together under different circumstances.

This heartbreak hurts differently than the others because we both expressed interest in each other and wanted to be together. It hurts feeling so close to her but being so far. Pure love is selfless so I have resolved to let her go. I had hoped that our ships were destined to meet. I couldn’t help but consider the coincidences that brought us together and I wondered if this was the beginning of our story. It’s unlikely that we will meet again, but I desperately hope from the bottom of my heart that it’s not the end and that life will bring us together at last.