My dog is unwell and I'm not sure when to call it a day
Just before thanksgiving, we took our 13 year old greyhound mix to see the vet because we were concerned that she felt thinner than normal. The vet determined she hadn't lost any weight, but found a small lump developing on her side. We decided to just keep an eye on it, and if there was any change, we'd go back in for more tests.

Last week, we noticed she started limping on her front leg. Couldn't find anything wrong with her paw or leg - nothing stuck between the pads, and she didn't react to me touching or applying pressure. The limp disappeared after a few hours, but we noticed her back legs shaking a little while she stood. The shaking got worse and she started walking very stiffly on her back legs, so last Friday we headed back to see the vet.

Bloodwork was done and came back fine. No problems could be heard with the heart or lungs. X-rays were taken and showed the lump on her side and nothing more, but the vet wanted to get a second opinion.

By Saturday morning, our dog was able to stand but could barely walk with support. By the evening, when the vet called us back, she could no longer stand. The specialist who'd looked at the x-rays confirmed the growth on her side, but couldn't see anything on the internal organs. Due to her loss of leg control and unusually dilated pupils, they suspected there may be a second tumor on her brain or spinal cord. Further scans would be needed to confirm this. The scans would around $500, and would reveal if they could treat the known tumor. However, as the treatment would run north of $6000 - a sum we just can't afford, nor really justify for a dog her age - the scans would be purely academic. We opted just to try a course of steroids and try to make her as comfortable as possible.

I picked up the steroid pills on Monday morning. By this time, our dog had lost most of her bowel/bladder control so we're spending most of the time cleaning her up, washing towels and carrying her out to the back yard for her to attempt to do her business.

She's still eating well, and doesn't appear to be in pain. Although still early days on the steroids, she's showing a bit more energy, but physically no change. We're supposed to check in with the vet tomorrow. At this point, I have no idea what to do. Although devastated, I'd prefer to say goodbye sooner, rather than wait until she's in pain. But on the other hand, I feel I'm being selfish for seeking a quick way out.