Congratulations to the Class of 2020!
Congratulations, class of 2020!

It’s finally here — May 1st, National Decision Day. I don’t know about you guys, but it feels like it’s been forever since I last saw confetti popping up on my Common App after I submitted my applications. We all spent late nights studying, procrastinated on our college essays, anxiously opened our decision letters, and all the while, posted some great memes about this complicated process. But today is the culmination of all that, when we finally decide where and how we’ll be spending these next four years.

It’s unfortunate that our senior years have to end like this, and for all of the missed senior trips, proms, graduations, skip-days, and other traditions, I’m truly, truly sorry. However, I think we ought to appreciate the fact that we’ve had four whole years of amazing experiences with even more amazing people, and that we’ve created memories to share and reflect upon for a lifetime. While this is a bittersweet conclusion to our high school years, it’s certainly only the beginning for what’s to come.

Whether you were satisfied with your decisions this admissions season or not, I cannot stress this enough. Your college experience will be defined by how you take advantage of the opportunities and resources that lie before you, not by the college that you attend or by the rankings with which they are associated. With consistent effort, diligence, and ambition, all of our desires and aspirations are within our grasp.

I’m beyond proud to see the class of 2020’s tremendous achievements, and I’m so grateful for the supportive, collaborative environment that we’ve cultivated here in this community. While I encourage everyone to stay on A2C and lend a helping hand to the incoming senior class, I understand that this will also be a final goodbye to many of you. We’re all in this together!

Feel free to comment below where you’ve committed, and please make sure to fill out the [2020 A2C Census](https://www.reddit.com/r/ApplyingToCollege/comments/g9ci9q/the_2020_ra2c_census/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x). Also, don’t forget to change your user flairs. I love you guys, and I genuinely wish you all the best!