Please advise: Student Observation and Concern
Hi - I have a student that I advise/supervise in a student organization. I'm one of few people on campus in a professional setting that they interact within an advisor/mentor type relationship. Throughout the course of the school year, I've seen the student exhibit unhealthy food choices and moodiness. Recently, while traveling,  I noticed that the student started the car ride in a great mood. The five us shared in road trip karaoke and storytelling to entertain us during our travels. Along the way, the student asked to go to Wendy's, while the other students including myself went to a more healthier option. Not long after purchasing their food the student got into the car and was irritable and even looked different. They were the only person at their chosen restaurant. I've seen this happen prior to our meetings before, but have never been able to connect the dots between cause and effect. The student has spent some of our meeting times being sick in the restroom because of stomach trouble after eating fast food.  However, I have a hypothesis that the food choices she is making are negatively affecting her mood not too long after it is consumed. I also have observed that in due time they return to a less irritable state.  As a mentor and caring professional- should I approach this topic? I care about their health, but I also know that the student is in their second year, 19, without many people having the luxury of consistent and close observation.

&#x200B;

For additional context: this is my second year knowing the student and I spend about 3-4 hours a week with the student for various meetings.  Sorry if this sounds like a grad school case study.

&#x200B;

Edit: I do not enjoy posting on Reddit to begin with.  I'm not trying to change their eating habits. I honestly could care less what people eat, but I remember a time when I was crashing after meals and didn't' recognize an insulin problem that could have helped me drastically in my educational career. I don't micromanage student's behaviors. I have too much to do as it is. I posted this to know if it was worth saying something or not specifically to the student. I already have a hard time of working with little resources as it is and really could avoid the additional sass.  Thanks in advance for any insight.