I (17m) am conflicted about dating, but a couple of girls fell in love with me , and I don't know what to do. After having sex with a couple of my classmates (16f) situation got even worse.
I am 17 years old bisexual male, although nobody knows that. I have never before thought of having a relationship with girls, and especially not with boys, because I don't feel like it's right thing for me to do, I just can't commit. I prefer women by far, but there are exceptions. But anyway that's not the point.

In my class there are only 3 boys including me,and 17 girls. It has become obvious to me that the girls adore me, they always call me hot, sexy, beautiful... They would sometimes even slap my butt, or grab my nipples. One girl does that all the time, let's call her Kate. On numerous occasions they told me that I am the hottest guy in school, which I find very flattering, but i don't belive in that. 

I flirt with all of the girls, that's just the way i am. Anyway a couple of them asked me out, but I rejected them. They are pretty, really pretty, but I just don't want a relationship. I don't know how and why. We always talk about sex, correction they. I kinda find it upsetting. 

One day we got so horny that we created a sex grupe on messenger. 8 girls and me. We talked for a couple of days about all the nasty things. And Kate asked me, so when will we fuck? I answered something like: Whenever you want, baby.it was a joke, more or less. So she said right now. I said i can't, let's do it after the school. I still didn't believe that it would happen. 

After the school I, Kate and 2 other girls went to the Kate's house . They were her Bffs. I thought it was a joke, who wouldn't? Two of the girls had boyfriends(including Kate), and i just couldn't believe. When we finally came, we sat down on the couch. I had a shot, and then they started touching my legs, i got aroused ,and so it began. 3 girls were giving me a blowjob, fucking unbelievable. Then after 10 m, Kate and her friend started striping . While one didn't one to do it, because of her "boyfriend"(she probably didn't want to lose her virginity like that, or something) other's took of their tops and pants . I still can't believe how beautiful Kate is, she was the other girl that had a boyfriend. Also she was a virgin. After an hour of the good stuff, we went home. 

Kate from then on always insists for as to go on a date, but i just cant. She touches me all the time, it's really hard. She still has a 'boyfriend' , so that makes the situation much more difficult. And it also puts me in a weird position. 

There' s also a girl called Z, she always implies how she would love to fuck me, in subtle ways. She is allso from my class. She is in the sex group, but I haven't slept with her. She is the funniest girl i know, but argh... I don't know. 

There's alsso Mary, she thinks that i love her. But that can't be further from the truth. We have been flirting online for about a couple of months, i only flirt to flirt. She sad that she loved me, and it makes me sad. I once sand a shirtless pick , and she sand me nudes. She is Austria now, sooo.... She is in love, and i don't want to break her hart, but i must. 


Also i have a feeling in my gut that my friend for another class may like me. He always touches my shoulder, arms and back. He could be just friendly, but what do i know? He is hot for sure, but i don't want to ruin our current relationship. And also i don't want people to know that for me. 

For the end i have a couple of girls(who i don't even know) writing to me all sorts of stuff,but all they really want is to date. And i don't. I went so far with one of them(girl from neighborhood), that we slept together, we never dated. And there's this guy Nash. He is from a foreign country , i have been talking him.I don't know him, but he always asks me weird questions. He is gay for sure,really gay. I'll probably block him.

So, what should i do? Should I date one of them, and if so who? I am really afraid of getting in a relationship/s, I just don't see myself in one. I feel like i can't commit, and will break somebody's hart. Advice please!