I am having an increasingly harder time connecting to my peers
This is my first reddit post so bear with me. I was wondering, if any of you have found that connecting to your peers has become a chore. I am not an anti-social person I actually have tons of friends and generally get along with everyone. I go to the bar with my friends, I listen (and sometimes enjoy) the trendy music and I don't have any pressing issues in the department of sex. I'm no sexual behemoth, but I'm not abstinent by any means.

I just don't understand why every time I go out, I find myself closer and closer to wishing extinction. Now before you get on my case, this isn't my manifesto, I want the worst for my species but I don't wish to pursue this myself. In fact, quite the opposite, which is why I am here today. I feel more and more distant from the people around me, and it's beginning to tax me. Going out on the weekends is starting to drain me, going on dates is the worst, and even in my classes in college, while I enjoy the presence of some of my professors I find myself only socializing so I'm not viewed as the weird kid in the back.

Now, it is impossible when dumping thoughts onto a message board  to not ramble a little bit so I apologize. With that being said, let me clear a few things up. I'm not an alpha nor am I a beta, I'm not a chad and I sure as fuck am no Elliot Roger. I just feel like an anomaly. I don't feel like I am some ascended being looking down on peasants, I consider myself intelligent but am very good at acknowledging the intelligence in my peers as well. I am not envious of much and I don't hold any hatred for anybody. I just feel as though I view the world differently. Not in an arrogant way, but in a humbling way. I think the human race has exploited their time on this world and, for the most part, has squandered their gifts in every way possible.

When I say I acknowledge the intelligence of my peers, I feel as though everyone is smart in their own way. Everyone has strengths and weaknesses. My natural strengths have always been with reading people and exploiting that to influence them (exploit is a strong word but I don't use this for nefarious purposes). The issue is going out has started draining me so much that I no longer use my natural strengths to benefit me. I simply don't care enough. Which saddens me, one of my favorite hobbies is reading people as I speak with them, Silently and free of judgement of course. Lately, that urge just doesn't strike me, I go out speak to people, wish I could go home the whole time, and then leave. Which worries me. Am I becoming so distant from people that I'm losing the ability to relate to them?

So, this brings me to my conclusion and the finality of my question/statement. Are there like minded individuals out there who share these issues with me? I could go on for pages but I do not wish to put you all to sleep any longer with my rambling. I simply wanted to paint the picture of what my life was generally like and see if i could reach others that think like this.

To those that share this view or some aspects of it:

How do you cope with it? Should I continue to play along? Should I seek new friends? Does it get better? Worse? What information can you offer me, or if just want to talk about this with me so perhaps we could draw some conclusions together, all is welcome. Thanks to anyone who can help. Or if you just want to call me a weirdo POS that's cool to, I'm not easily offended!