Should I Quit My Steady Job In Order To Focus On My Mental Health While I Look For Something Better?
Basically trying to make a long story short, in March I quit a job that put me in a very toxic and unhealthy work environment publicly, and took the first job offered to me in order to get out of the spotlight of 8 months of 24/7 harassment. Now, 8 months later I am the most depressed I’ve ever been, anxiety has completely stripped me of my appetite to the point where I’ve lost 10 pounds in the last two months. Every morning I wake up sick to my stomach because I dread my job. I hate what I do, I don’t care about either industry my job falls in, I am given zero resources from my superiors, with unreasonable expectations. I don’t have a background in this industry. I am so utterly lost. Working home alone stuck to myself all day doesn’t help either.  

For the past two and a half months, the only thought in my brain has been “just quit.” As far as I see it, having no job can’t possibly be worse than this horrible anxiety and depression I feel every day. I don’t have the energy to pursue other work full force, I don’t have the energy to pursue anything creative that would make me happy.  I suppose it would be a bit different if I had officemates to commiserate with, or if I had a partner coming home every night, but the fact is I don’t. I’m stuck in a cycle where I’m afraid that “this is it” for the rest of my life without seeing a way out. And if “this is it” I can be honest and say this is not a life I can survive in much longer.  

I guess what I’m asking is, how irresponsible and stupid would it be to just quit without something solid lined up already? I’ve 7 months of living expenses saved (although I would HATE to deplete my entire savings), and I have a few freelance gigs I’m already working on (nothing that comes remotely close to my current salary, but I wouldn’t go immediately to zero income). 

Quitting would allow me to have the bandwidth to a) search for another secure job I’d be happier with, and b) expand my hustle for freelance work. I guess also c) pursue personal creative things I don’t have time/energy for now.  

I’ve been setting up meeting after meeting after meeting with different companies in my industry, but no one is hiring right now. I’ve learned I have a fabulous reputation, but there just aren’t any openings. But I can’t just wait around. Something in my immediate future needs to change drastically if I’m to keep surviving as I’m just so miserable and unhappy right now.    


Am I being dumb for seriously considering quitting?