Bashed by ex friend for something I didn’t do.
Sorry if this is a bit long, I barely post on Reddit.

So today, at school, I was bashed by my 
problematic ex friend on the basis of the statement that I supposedly shit talked all my friends. Which I didn’t, besides one, the girl who bashed me, and it was more like criticism because she has been doing lots of bad stuff recently, and all the others had been talking about her too. But I didn’t talk about the others.

On Sunday I get a dm from my best friend, saying that I shit talked her according to problematic friend, not to deny it because she know what I had said, how I better be careful what I do next and how it really hurt. I thought back to see if I remember doing so, which I didn’t. Got a bit mad and explained I had not done so, which didn’t garner a response. 

I send the dm to my other best friend, who said she believes that problematic friend is trying to both kick her and I out of the friend group, and I agree. However she comes back with a dm from the previous friend explaining that I had also shit talked about her?? Which I also knew I hadn’t. Confused. I said that yet again, I didn’t, and I get left on seen, twice. So then I asked the problematic friend nicely at first whether she had said that I shit talked my friends to them. She denied, and instantly said “I don’t need your bullshit, fix this yourself” and stuff like that, even though first friend explicitly said that problematic girl says this.


I leave it be, and announce how I’m leaving the group as I had other friends that treated me better, and I didn’t need toxicity and how they didn’t listen to me. No response either. Whatever, I guess. Then today came, and problematic girl told my boyfriend that I was to be bashed. She sees me, and starts yelling obscurities, and I told her to piss off. She comes up to me, and I try to de-escalate by saying how I didn’t want to fight, and how I wouldn’t hit her, and we could talk about this normally, to no avail, she threw a punch to which I blocked. However I’m a really really weak fighter, so I lost, she threw me to the ground and I just shielded myself as she threw punches at me and kicked and pushes, left school after that with all the kids laughing and filming.


I know I’m not in the wrong. The situation they brought up where I supposedly talked shit was misunderstood by a metric fuck ton. 
I went to get books from my locker, friends ditched me, and I was too tired to look for them. So I found problematic girl and her friend, sat with them for a bit. I brought up how I was ditched, but I didn’t really care and how I thought they were mad at me or something, and they must of taken this as shit talking. But I know I didn’t, I have no reason to, and I loved these friends. 

My question now is, what the fuck do I do? I’m thinking of moving schools, because I have no other friends, my bf is possibly going to break up with me after this, and getting those friends back is not an option sadly.

TD:LR; accused of shit talking friends, did not do that, problematic friend bashes me for said situation.