Love... its complicated
So me and this guy met through a friend. Lesta call my friend Maria and let's name him John. Maria and a couple of girlfriend were going out, when a big part of the canceled plans. So Maria and me decided to postpone it, when later she called me telling me that she would be going out with a couple of her friends, and invited me. 

I agreed and off we went. I was introduced to John. MAN DID I FALL FOR HIM. As cliche as it might sound, we clearly made a click. He is just so sweet and attentive and just wow. By the time, he had something going one with this other girl, lesta call her anne, but stuff want working for them and they were breaking it off. 

So we met and it was nice, we chatted for hours like if we had been friends for years. We exchanged numbers and everything was great.  Me being me, I decided to make my move when I thought Anne and him were over, a couple of weeks passed and he hadn't talked about her, so I assumed they were over. 

We CLEARLY flirted back and forth, he started calling me sweet names and became veeery sweet with me, I obviously showed the affection back. And so a couple of days ago, we were talking on the phone when I asked him about Anne. 

Well, little did I know that THEY HAD BEEN DATING FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS FROM THEN and he didnt tell me! Like, he knew we had something going on, and like I wouldn't be mad to keep him as a friend. 

I like him so much, that i would gladly accept friendship, I care about his happiness. And since we flirted, we opened up to each other and stuff, it did hurt a little when I got the news. Well, he now knows that I know about their relationship. 

When out of nowhere, he sent me something about being me really hot and stuff, complimenting me and I dont even know now. 

I'm in a weird position at the moment, I dont know how to feel or do. Like I said, I dont mind him as a friend, I just want to be in his life (not force myself into it obviously) but I just want his happiness. 

Maria (our friend) decided to invite me to go out with another guy friend and another girl friend, when out of the boom she is like "oh, and John is comming" when I already accepted the invitation. 

I really want to see my friends but my feelings are mixed about him. We will be going out on Sunday, so I've got this week. 

What should i do?