I haven't self harmed in one whole year.
The last time I self harmed was about a year ago. (I know, even more depressing because it was near Christmas!)

I have been dealing with anxiety and self harm for three and a bit years now. I didn't ever think I would get a mental illness and the fact that the self harm evolved from that was even worse. It's so weird to think that this one thing happening in my life changed everything for me. It was all very sudden as well. I started locking myself away from friends and family, school became a hell hole and I was just alone with no idea what was going on with my head.

 I never got treatment. My mum tried to get some woman to help me, she came to our house and I swear to god...she was useless. I appreciate the fact that my mum wanted to help but there was apart of me that didn't want the help. I'd been living with this monster for so long, it started to feel like apart of my identity now. I was scared that I wasn't 'ill enough' or I would be wasting my time there, they wouldn't actually care and they were just greedy for money. Thinking about it now I understand how crazy that sounds of me to think like that but who could blame me from the state I was in?

My dad started to notice and became infuriated with me. It's difficult to explain to people who haven't gone through it, so that just made it worse. A few people that did stick around would pop up on my phone, and it was constant. They wanted to know how to help and even I didn't know what exactly was wrong with me. How can someone help if even you don't know what's wrong? I had completely lost touch with the real world.

Three years later, it's still extremely difficult but I persevere...because even though you may think it can't get better, it always does. I used to RAGE when ever anyone told me that but it's true.

To be honest, I don't think I will ever overcome my mental health, but I've been doing incredibly better thoughtout those three years. I've grown as a person, I've learnt new things, experienced new happy memories and I'm actually going to have a clean, joyful Christmas. This present time in my life is currently the happiest I've been since. The best part is that I'm thankful. Of course there are days when I think I wish it wasn't around but my mental health has taught me so much and made me stronger. I am thankful! So...THANK YOU ANXIETY! THANK YOU!

Remember to love your brain and your body. You only get one life, spend it the best way you possibly can. Give yourself breaks, if you are having a shitty day don't force yourself into anything, take a day off and pick yourself back up the following day. Don't let anyone tell you that you aren't 'ill enough' to get treatment or that your mental health makes you 'worthless'. There is so much more to life than pain and suffering.
And most importantly... Congratulate yourself for getting past even a couple of days, a few weeks, a few months. It might not seem like much to you but every extra day you don't self harm, you are beating it! I believe in you all.
Learn to love your brain <3

Merry Christmas guys x