35 y/o, $500K~ net worth, Senior Manager in tech... but no degree and having a hard time advancing further. Is an online BA + MBA worth it at my age, or should I invest in other ways?
**TL:DR is in the title.**

35 years old, attended college for 5-6 years but never finished a degree. About 15-20 hours away, but haven't enrolled anywhere since 2008-09.

Ran a small business for a while, had other jobs, then in 2011 got into a niche online streaming industry very early and had success. Eventually became a founding member (but not an owner) of a start-up company in Silicon Valley that was later acquired by a subsidiary of one of the largest companies in the world. That happened four years.

Since that time, have worked my way up internally to Senior Manager ($160-170K), was on track for Director by end of this year ($200-220K), but unfortunately a new boss was hired from the East Coast and he and I are no simpatico. No demotion, but was involuntarily reassigned to a smaller role, managing 20% of the people I used to, all remote. It's time to go.

Due to my background and experience in what it still a relatively niche part of the industry, expected to be able to make a non-lateral move relatively easily. Was very wrong. No callbacks at all for Director+ level positions, only Senior Manager level positions. Have gone deep into the process in a few, but no offer yet but expecting one next week... but it'll be for a Senior Manager position with only a modest (10-20% pay increase). Have become convinced this is the result of a lack of a degree, especially an MBA, which those who were eventually hired into the best positions I sought had in common.

Currently engaged to be married next year and living together, household income of around $260K in the Bay Area, around $400K in stock and $100K in other investments tucked away. We're comfortable and stable.

Here's the question: At my age, does it make sense to sell about $150K in stock for me to complete an online degree at my former university (they offer Reagent Bachelor of Arts degrees (RBA) specifically for people in my situation) and then enroll at a top 10 online MBA school (most likely USC)? Or would I be better off letting that money grow, using it to fund other FIRE oriented projects, etc? Are online MBA's worth it? Or am I misguided in believing they're the big difference maker in breaking through to Director+ level?

Long term goal is to bank away $2MM minimum, $4MM optimum to retire as early as possible. How I get there doesn't matter to me.

Thanks in advance to any who are willing to weigh in!