Am I not trained well, or just not fit for the job?
I apologize for the blocked text, I'm on mobile 
I recently graduated college and started working my first "real" job at a house plant nursery/greenhouse in the western US, been working there a few months now. I have had many internships in such jobs before and love growing plants, but this new job has me more stressed than I have ever been in my life. I come home depressed and paranoid that I did something wrong while at work and will get chewed out for it the next day. Basically my job is to watch about 30-50 greenhouses with new very delicate propagation plants. If any of these houses do not get mist during the day, within 15 minutes they can be damaged or die. Many things can happen, irrigation booms can crash or blow fuses, they could be programmed incorrectly, electricity can surge or drop out for just a little bit which can stop the booms, so we have to constantly be driving around in the farm truck and checking them. I feel like I was undertrained and just thrown into this position but like I said it's my first "real" job in the industry so I'm not sure. My boss spent a total of about half a day showing me around and trying to teach me to program booms (there are 3 different software systems to learn) and the rest of what I've learned has been from my coworkers, who were expected to answer all my questions and teach me things while also trying to do their job and watch their own 50 greenhouses. As a result, I felt very much like a nuscance with all my questions especially in the beginning, and made quite a few mistakes because I didn't know any better. On top of that we work in shifts with partners and mine gets very annoyed with me if I make any mistakes at all. As a result I feel like I'm walking on eggshells around my coworkers and am constantly afraid of messing up. The other day we had an electrical problem and some of our plants were damaged, and later I heard him talking badly about me to our other coworkers. Also, whenever my boss sees I have made a mistake he automatically assumes it is because I'm being lazy or not checking my plants and irrigation enough. Now that the growing year is winding down and daylength is shortening our schedule has changed and I am scheduled to watch the entire farm by myself every other day, 10 hour shifts. I was in no way trained to take care of the other parts of the farm, it is completely foreign to me and I feel like I have been just thrown in to sink or swim. I was given a check list and talked to for 10 minutes about what I should do to care for the other part of the farm, but only because I asked. If I hadn't asked I would have gotten nothing. I would have felt much more comfortable shadowing someone else do it for a bit.... What should I do? This job has me so burnt out with worry it's not funny.

Edited to add: literally 6 people have come and gone from this position in the past 3 years. I didn't know this until I was already hired