I have no one to talk to. And I don't trust anyone anymore.
Inspired by [this thread on adviceanimals](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2hivjr/my_friends_sister_just_saved_his_life_she_doesnt/).

1. I am depressed and think about hurting myself all the time. I think about the people who generally don't care about my life, and how maybe they might realize that I really was a person, if I was gone. or they wouldn't and it wouldn't matter anyway.

2. I used to have people I would call when I was in crisis. I moved in with one of these people. We stopped getting along. He, in turn, is friends with the other three people on my list. One day he accidentally forwarded me a screenshot of me having called his phone three times ina  row with the caption "He's looking for attention again."

3. When I was 11, I threatened to hurt myself and my parents had me locked up for 72 hours to scare me out of it.

4. When I was 22, My girlfriend and I had a fight before I went to work. When I came home, she had called the police and told them I was depressed and possibly suicidal. She lied to them and told her I had threatened to kill myself during our fight (I hadn't). I was dragged back to the same hospital, the same room, where I was held for 72 hours again.

5. I have had therapists my whole life. Some prescribed drugs. Some said I was uncurable. I stopped seeing them when i turned 18 until I finally got the courage to reach out to one again. We had one session, and then my mother died unexpectedly that week. I forgot about our next appointment and when I did finally call her and told her what had happened, she told me that because I'd missed the appointment I was no longer her patient. I have been frightened of therapists hurting me ever since.

6. This week, while I sat with a kitchen knife in one hand and a phone in the other, I called a friend from my hometown. I didn't tell him about the knife. I told him I needed someone to talk to, and that I felt alone, I didn't know what else to do. I wasn't looking for attention...I was asking for help. He laughed, said that it couldn't be that bad, told me he had to go, and hung up.

7. This week I put something on my facbook feed. I didn't want to broadcast that I was depressed and needed help--I decided to instead express how I felt and hope someone else had those feelings, too. I posted that I felt like what I had wasn't what I wanted, and what I wanted was unattainable. I posted that I felt like a loser, and that I really could use some happiness right now. Someone on my facebook feed privately messaged me and told me that I should quit with the passive-aggressive statuses, because they're not impressing anyone. I stopped putting things on my facebook feed.

8. My greatest fear is being taken back to a hospital and being put in a room, alone, again. I am afraid someone will use interwebs-voodoo and dox me somehow via this throwaway reddit account and when I get home there will be police there waiting to take me back to a hospital. Please don't do this. I am begging you.

9. My father does not talk to me. I told my sister about my depression. She told me that I should just kill myself because my depression was making her upset. My sister has a lot of issues with narcissism and drugs.

10. I have had friends my whole life. Each and every one of them has lied to me. I hold honesty up very, very high in my life...I can't trust anyone because everyone lies to me.

11. I don't want pity. I want the hurt to stop.

I want someone to talk to, but I've run out of people to talk to. I don't know what to do.

EDIT: Even Reddit wouldn't let me post this, thinking it was spam. Had to spend some time altering it so Reddit would accept. WHY. WHY WHY WHY.