I'm at a loss (NSFW)
I guess I'll start from the beginning.
I know I don't have it anywhere as hard as anyone else, but I guess I'm extremely weak.

When I was young, my mom and dad had shared custody. My mom had me only as a way to try and trap my dad. (It didn't work, he didn't even want kids and didn't have any interest in marrying her regardless)
When I was at her apartment, I would see drug use, a lot. Of course I didn't understand what it was at the time but as I've grown older I know what was going on. She had a boyfriend named Michael. He molested me periodically from the age of 4-6 (with her knowledge, she fucking watched). Everything from before that point in my life is a gigantic haze. My dad knew something was going on, but I didn't tell him. (I couldn't, at the time Michael had said he would hurt my mom and dad, and I didn't want anything to happen to either of them) 

I guess he decided enough was enough and gained full custody of me. Shelled out the thousands of dollars he had to, to gain full custody of me. At that point I had a lot of emotional confusion, and feelings I guess?  I started getting in trouble in school, and had to be moved to species education in third grade for being hyper aggressive. I began counseling for my anger and for years didn't understand the point of talking about my problems. Why talk about it, if I couldn't be helped I guess. I continually got in trouble in school, and by 5th grade I had been charged with simple battery. I would continue to get in trouble and be charged throughout school, would spend time in YDC. At the age of 13, when I was being questioned buy the SRO when I was in handcuffs I finally caved and talked vaguely about my molestation. I had been trying to suppress those memories and when I first talked about it everything rushed back. The feelings and all. A fucking floodgate had been opened and I didn't know what the hell it was. 

A month or so later, I had taken all of my medication and tried to end my life. I guess that was the first time I fully had and understanding of wanting to die. I had to have my stomach pumped and went to a psychiatric facility for 24 hours after I had been sent there from the hospital. I wasn't up front, I was so disgusted and intimidated by being there that I told them I did it for attention and they let me go. Mind you, I talked my fucking way out of that place in 24 hours after ingesting all of my medication.

At my hearing for another battery charge a couple months later, I was ordered by the state to have a psychological evaluation or I would become a ward to the state. So I caved and went through every detail of my molestation over the course of six hours. I felt so disgusted with myself, I wanted to die even more than when I had taken all of my medications. I went into the "why me?" phase. I was mad at the world, mad at God and to this day I still am.

The psychologist had diagnosed me with PTSD, depression, anxiety, separation anxiety, insomnia, and auditory schizophrenia. The fucking rollercoaster just kept worsening because I had finally talked. Why? There was no benefit, talking was pointless. So they began intensive therapy and trying different medications. At that point, I was back in school and fighting more, because SOMEHOW kids had found out. Being called a fucking retard is one thing, but people ridiculing me for what had happened made me angrier. 

That's when I fully understood what schizophrenia was. Only one person had said anything about my early childhood, however it was almost like it was the whole class, I had gotten into a fight and was arrested. When sitting in a holding cell, waiting for my dad to pick me up I genuinely realized that the voices were in my head. I decided that I didn't want to hear anything and began slamming my head against the wall and had knocked myself out and given myself a concussion. When I had came to and was going to the hospital; I fully understood what was wrong.

It took a couple of years, and at the age of 15 I was starting to mellow out. Then, I realized that I only had one testicle. My grandmother had taken me to the doctor and it appeared that my left testicle never descended. I had surgery and had to have it removed. The doctor ended up telling my dad that it was blocked by scarring of some sort. Which i don't understand unless it came from my molestation.

I came to from my anaesthesia, and they asked how I felt. I only asked about my teste as dumb as it sounds. When they told me they had to remove it I sobbed my ass off, and they gave me some strong medication for sleep. This is when I understood how selfish my father could be. 

Because of my emotional stability they wanted me to rest so I could be monitored, my dad told me "you can't go to sleep, we don't want to get caught in traffic." Traffic, traffic of all fucking things. So I fought through whatever they had given me and they decided to send me home.

Fast forward to 16, I had woken up a morning before school and had it in my head that I wanted to die. So before I got on the bus, I had eaten all of my adderall, the hydrocodone I had saved from my surgery, my respirdal, lamictal, abilify, and whatever else I was on and went to school. I figured it would have killed me before I had actually got to school. I got to school and staggered off, and fell down. They helped me in the school and could tell something was wrong and called my grandmother. The nurse told her to check to see if I had taken something as I was showing signs of overdosing. Everything is a haze, but apparently they made me vomit and no medication they could tell came up. So I went to the hospital and they pumped my stomach. Everything for the next few days is a haze and I went to a psychiatric facility for a week. That's all my insurance would let me do, I decided I wanted help, only for my insurance to limit it. Whatever, I got out and they altered my medication. They had managed to get the voices for the most part to stop, but I was dealing with everything else the best way possible.

At the age of 17, I graduated a year early and my insurance lapsed as I was no longer in school. I had to use what I learn to keep everything from worsening. I haven't done anything since, I'm 22 and have been unmedicated the entire time. Now, and i don't know why now but everything has substantially gotten worse in the last 3 days. I can't afford help, I don't have insurance and I'm so fucking close to blowing my brains out. I don't know what to do, I can't figure out what i can do and I'm just alone.

If anyone can give me an idea of what I can do for immediate help, I'm in Georgia. Everything I've looked at tells me to go to the hospital, but I can't. If I go, I'll lose my job, my apartment, my truck. Everything, I need help but now that I want it I can't fucking get it..