Please HELP! My new job lacks organization, structure, and training. How do I discuss the issues with my employer?
Let me preface and say that I'm currently in the processes of changing my career field. My background was mainly in business and merchandising. I did exceptionally well in the field, but it wasn't fulfilling nor was it my true passion. So, a few years ago I decided to make the big leap and pursue my true calling in life- Nursing! I completed my pre-reqs as of June and I'm currently in the process of applying to different schools. I wouldn't start my program till the beginning of next year, so in the meantime I decided to start an entry level job position doing administrative work in a clinical setting. I was hired as an executive assistant for a behavioral healthcare facility for kids and this past Wednesday was my first day. I was so excited because I also have previous experience working with children and want nothing more, but to be a pediatric oncologist one day! This job would be a great way to get one's foot in the door!

The tasks of this job are nothing new to me. Create a marketing plan, make travel arrangements, purchase merchandise for facilities, schedule and conduct interviews, and support front desk as needed.  No problem I thought! Boy, was I WRONG. As mentioned, Wednesday was my first day on the job. 9 AM - 2 PM.  I arrived on time in the morning and the executive assistant (Helen, we'll call her) whose job I would be taking over greeted me. Helen is going on maternity leave in October and she is the directors right hand. The director informed me that she would be out of town for the week and that Helen had a wealth of knowledge to provide me. So, I expected lots of information and training from Helen.

My first day consisted of a tour of the facility, introduction to some staff members who were there that day, and brief information. I was then plopped in front of the computer to schedule interviews for various job positions that I didn't know much about. Helen assured me that I had everything under control while she left to support the front office in another room. I went  through the notes Helen provided me and realized that she didn't cover many things. What were the candidate requirements? Did they need a college degree? Certain amount or type of experience? Any certifications? What did the various job positions even entail?  Also, Helen was allowing interview walk-in's based on the previous emails she sent. Something I have not seen before. So, I made a list of questions and went to ask Helen. Helen was unclear and short with answering my questions. She looked annoyed with me and it was apparent that she didn't have many if any requirements for potential candidates. Also, the information on the various job positions were very brief. So, I went with the flow and tried my best to send interview requests to people I thought were best qualified.

The second half of the day, I was asked if I was comfortable interviewing the walk ins. I said no because I still didn't have a good grasp on what their expectations were as far as qualified candidates, various job details, and interview style they wanted. So, I took notes by shadowing Helen, the HR manager, and HR assistant as they conducted interviews. Well, what I learned was that although HR & Helen had similar interview styles, they had very different expectations on who is qualified for the various job positions. When I asked about this, they went back and forth with one other and came to no conclusion. By the end of the day I was confused more than ever and had fragments of information coming left and right. Helen then told me she would not be in tomorrow, Thursday. Nor would she be in Friday. She expected me to continue scheduling and conducting interviews, assisting front desk as needed, create a marketing plan, and request quotes for customized merchandise. Helen assured me that I had it all under control and that the scheduler at the front desk would be helping me out on my second day. HR would also assist with the interviews and if I needed anything else that I could text Helen questions. Before leaving that day I asked Helen to email me further information I needed. She agreed.

Thursday and Friday were complete madness. Two members of the staff had emotional break downs in the front office. One kept threatening to quit and ultimately did the same day. The other was the scheduler who showed up late and had received bad news the previous day. People kept calling trying to get in contact with the scheduler and were frustrated that she wasn't returning their calls and I didn't have the information they needed. So, instead of the scheduler helping me on my second day, I was helping her while she took constant breaks leaving me alone at the front desk. Then, I realized Helen didn't give me all the passwords I needed to access certain accounts and information. Nor, was I told where certain documents would be or materials in the office were stored. One of the front desk phones was broken on top of that.

Next, I had walk-in interviews show up throughout the day and that's when I realized just how crazy it was that they have open time frames where people walk in for interviews. In addition, Helen evidently did not have any of this under control because she was making errors such as interviewing the same people twice. Furthermore, no one ever knows who or when they are assigned to conduct an interview. HR could only help me to a certain extent and I found out they were asking interviewers illegal questions. So, not only was I more confused, but also falling behind completing my other tasks. As a result, I had to work off hours without pay to finish these other tasks.

Helen wasn't answering important questions through text and there were constant delays in whatever she did choose to respond to. On top of that, she failed to email some information to me that I requested Wednesday when I left the office. She then proceeded to argue with me that she did in fact send it to me. She did NOT. While trying to get quotes for custom merchandise on the phone, staff was yelling and screaming in the front office. Instead of working till 2 PM for Thursday and Friday as I was told. I ended up having to stay till 5 PM as requested the last minute because things were crazy. Therefore, I didn't have much of an opportunity to take a break because of the madness and had not brought lunch. I nearly fainted on Friday as a result of overwork and failure to take a break. HR manager was not understanding at first when I was fumbling over my words, until I nearly fainted. I let HR manager know when they came to check on me afterwards that I was very unhappy with the lack of structure, organization, and training. He didn't offer much of a solution and left for the day shortly after.

To say I was livid would be an understatement. I'm an individual who thrives in fast-paced detail oriented environments. But, this was absolute madness and I've never been more at a loss for words. The clinical assistant (Carrie we'll call her) informed me she was aware of the issues with the center and would request a meeting from the director next week when she comes back. Carrie let me know that the HR assistant and herself were also struggling with similar issues and that she did not want me to quit. So, here I am glad not to be alone, but questioning what on earth I just signed up for. I really want to make this work because it's not only a great opportunity, but the mission of this facility aligns with the values I espouse. I know there are many ways I can contribute, but I'm not willing to share my connections and sacrifice my health for a business like this. What is the best way that I can convey all of this to the director in the meeting next week?