I'm this fucking close to ending it. [17M] Really Really Really Long. Sorry. Might be graphic. Might get offended. Discretion advised. IDK.
First of all, I don't know if I need or even want help. Maybe I just want some anonymous people sitting behind computer screens to sympathize with me. I honestly don't know what I'm doing right now other than venting. My "life story" might come out as very very long but its the only way I can express and explain what I'm going through right now. I can't just do a tl;dr for this.

Just to make things clear: My father is an abusive, manipulative, psychopathic, wife-beater, piece of shit. I was/am not abused with the sack of shit, but my mother has been physically, mentally, emotionally, and financially abused.

Here we go (Some parts obscured):

I was born to international parents, as in they are both different nationalities. Upper middle class to lower upper class. NOT "rich" because my father doesn't understand how credit cards, loans, mortgages or saving money works. I've moved plenty of times more than I count on my two hands, living in 4 different countries including birth country. I will refer to them as country 1, 2, 3, 4, in order of moving.

I lived in my birth country(1) for about the first half of my life and was the only time period where I genuinely could smile and have fun. I would have play dates with kids who were born at the same hospital(fairly small town), we were all friends even when we grew up and started to go to school. We would have birthday parties at the local laser tag arena, we were in the same drama/theater class (yeah I know), we would go camping together in when we were in boy scouts. We went to the same schools, same sports clubs, same nearly everything. It was the only time where I would wake up in the morning and look forward to the day, and sleep at night without worrying about anything. I didn't notice any abuse at that time until the last few years when I would start to comprehend why my mother was screaming and crying behind a closed door while I tired to sleep at night. Now that I think about it, the majority of my memories from my childhood are those of my mother crying and hurting from the beatings my father gave her. Even if I try to remember the fun times I had with forgotten names and faces, it all gets overwritten by the horrors I witnessed.

My father was somewhat lucky enough to get transferred to country 2 which just so happened to be the birth country of my mother. Despite the sudden transfer, my mother and I agreed to go because my grandparents were there, and just a couple of hours away. My father had to work immediately and so he went a couple months before us because we had to wait for the moving company to arrive and take everything and send it overseas. My mother and I were excited at first because we were going to my mothers homeland, but that excitement faded when we got to the airport. My asshole of a father didn't even show up at the airport leaving a mother and a 9 year old child with a couple suitcases and a box at arrivals because my mother spoke the local language. We managed to get a taxi and got to our apartment building but couldn't get in because we didn't have the security key. The clerk at the front desk were kind enough to let us in and all the way up to the apartment(27th floor). That alone just shows the attitude my father had back then. Since I could somewhat speak and understand the local language, my mother wanted me to go to a local school so I could hone on my language skills, but the school choice was unlucky. The majority of the students there were nice, but the teachers and administration were utter shit. They were plenty of "fights" everyday mostly disrupting the class and the administrators couldn't give a shit to actually punish the students enough. I have to admit that I was in some of them as well, nothing too serious, but enough to get me in "trouble" as well. A bunch of parents couldn't take it anymore and decided to sue the school or something and well my mother pulled me from the school after one and a half years or so going there. It was a real shame because I actually quite liked my classmates there, excluding the ones that thought it would be funny to fuck with me, but still. After that disaster of a school my mother transferred me into an international school which was okay but I got into a lot of shit for not doing homework and the usual stuff. I made some friends who had mutual interests in some phone games and sports, and since the student population was so small I was friendly with mostly everyone. However, I was already becoming shy and shutting people out of personal things at that point (gets important later). It was at this time when I had actual thoughts of suicide. My friends and I started to get into rooftopping(climbing onto roofs of skyscrapers or just any building, taking pictures etc) and unlike the others, I liked it because of the thrill of one wrong step and death awaits hundreds of feet below. The thrill eventually gave me a sort of high that if I walked of the ledge, I wouldn't have to be burdened by keeping the fact that my father abuses my mother from the world and the only pain I would feel was when I hit the ground hard. Unbeknownst to my friends, I would regularly go solo and just contemplate on the ledges of buildings whether to jump or not, but I never could because I couldn't leave my mother to that scumbag.

Oh did I tell you what my father was doing during this time? After the first couple of weeks of being in country 2, my mother and father got into an argument and then my father just poofed. For 3 years. He would occasionally, emphasis on occasionally, leave cash in an envelope in the mailbox which I guess was "living expenses" because my mother didn't work, and my father doesn't understand that you have to pay back your credit card expenses. I never knew about any mental conditions(legit depression) my mother has/had until recently but my mother and I would sometimes go to a therapist, where all I did was play games but my mother would come out teary eyed. I had no clue at the time, but I always regret not knowing sooner.

After a few years in country 2, my father got transferred to country 3 which I wasn't as excited about because then I would be living with the cunt again and dealing with the 24/7 fear of hearing my mother being beat and not being able to prevent it. We got there about when I was around 12, I don't remember completely but by then I was completely shut in and didn't let anyone come near me save a couple of kids who lived in the neighborhood. I was the new kid with a funny/cool accent and was bombarded with questions and stares every time I opened my mouth and had to explain I was born in country 1 and so on. This added to my already shy demeanor because I didn't want people to know my  mother was being beat by my father. I never went emo or goth or that one depressed kid sitting at the back of the room. Never hung out with the wrong crowd. Never did alcohol or drugs. Never got into fights. Hell I barely even talked. Answered questions when only needed. Didn't show any emotions unless absolutely necessary, and that changed me. I started doing things and feeling things of which a sociopath would do(Correct me if I'm wrong I'm not a doctor). I would lie to people to get them to do what I want, i.e. snitch on each other, get people to fight, get out of trouble myself, get better grades in some classes. I even did a bit of blackmailing to both students and teachers. I couldn't care less what happened to other people because the majority of the people at that school only saw me as the quiet kid who has a foreign accent when he rarely talks. I eventually stopped blackmailing at least because the stuff I had wasn't really useful since the worst thing that could happen to the victims were probably a suspension and a warning. I also did a bit of shoplifting and pick pocketing which gave me a thrill due to the absence of buildings higher than the third story where I was at. During my 4 or 5 years of being in country 3, my father would beat my mother so many times I started to have anxiety attacks in the middle of the night and I would barely get any sleep from fear. My heart rate would go up and I would be pumped with adrenaline every time someone raises their voice because I got so used to stepping in and fighting my father when he would try to hurt my mother. My fathers beatings on my mother started to decline whenever I was around because I've put him in a couple of headlocks to subdue him(I can't use my fists or whatever because he looks like an obese pregnant lady, fat absorbs punches \[no offense to overweight people\] and I'm not a fan of breaking my knuckles on a face I'd rather break a bat on a skull).

Now onto recent events, my father transferred again to country 4 where we currently reside in. He actually got here about a year ago, whereas me and my mother only got here about a two months ago just before COVID-19 got big. The reason why my mother and I got here a year late because there were "problems with immigration" most likely my father just delaying us coming here because he's a dick. We had to stay with my mothers parents for literally a year which made me miss about 2 years of schooling(I left half way through in Country 3 and different curriculum different term/semester dates messed things up).

I was super depressed and pissed at my father for from my point of view was delaying our travel and immigration to Country 4. I started some online courses to get extra credits just to put on record but got too depressed for that and I am still trying to finish it even though it should have been done before 2020. I started to become a NEET(The japan definition i.e. shut-in). All I would do is watch netflix and youtube, play some games on steam(I'm not a big gamer guy), sleep and eat during the day, and then sneak out at midnight and drink, smoke(cigarettes), hang out with some sketchy guys, ride motorbikes till sunrise, and repeat. I regularly shoplifted and watched a bunch of people get mugged by the group I was with. I didn't do it because I didn't want to get caught with assault but still guilty in most peoples eyes. I cut ties with them after I got back into rooftopping and consequently suicidal again. I know what they and I did were lawfully and morally "wrong" but they did distract me from wanting to kill myself. Either way, I found myself sneaking in and climbing skyscrapers again and contemplating whether or not to jump. One time a social worker/volunteer was "patrolling" the rooftop I was on (apparently it was "popular") and was trying to talk to me out of not jumping and whatnot. What she said actually helped calmed me down somewhat despite what some people think of as "help"; my death would just be another number in a news story, what about your loved ones, what other paths could you take, that sort of thing. After that encounter I stopped climbing rooftops just to see if it would help how I feel, but it didn't really change anything except that it deprived me of a way to kill myself, I don't want to die painfully. Before I could do anything though, my mother and I were finally able to move to country 4.

That brings us here less than 2 months before me writing this post. As usual all I did was do a bit of online courses, watch some netflix and youtube, play steam games until my laptop starts heating like an oven, eat when I feel like it, sleep when I feel like it, cry a ton, contemplate jumping from my bedroom window in our apartment, then deciding not to because I don't want to die in this country. Then rinse and repeat. Since I was home all day, I only had to worry about my father getting all shouty and violent on weekends because the cunt gets too "tired" from work and just sleeps his ass off like the pig he is. Since he knows I can beat his ass easily, he has refrained from getting violent apart from one time where I quickly put him down with some elbows to the head(I had watched some UFC illegal moves compilation). Everything was "fine" up until COVID-19 started to hit hard and became a global pandemic. My father is a manager of sorts, so he is now working from home 24/7 and so my anxiety attacks are coming back and fear for my mothers safety is at an all-time high. Today was one of those days where my mother and father got into an argument where I just couldn't stand it anymore with my father berating my mother about being abusive and manipulative when she is the one with bruises and scars from his beating. I nearly fully snapped but I started putting him in a headchoke and punching him and all that and got so close to wanting to shove a knife in his throat but I had hesitated because I didn't want to leave my mother stranded in a foreign country with a dead sack of shit and a kid trying to flee the country. I know I'm smart(arrogant but somewhat true) so I laid off and am now writing this post.

As you could probably tell, the reason why I haven't killed myself or the wife-beating piece-of-shit yet is because of my mother. I love her to death and wouldn't want her to be devastated by my death and be at the mercy of father, or have to deal with a murdering son who's wanted by the cops. I also know that despite the piece-of-shit being a piece-of-shit, he's willing to pay the $55000 \~ 70000(USD) of schooling for 2 years of IB which I will be attending in August if the economy doesn't die and the world doesn't end by then. I know that if I work hard during those 2 years of IB, I could get into colleges and university's I would have never even thought of attending. The logic and reasoning inside me tells me to just wait it out for two years and then I'll be free to do what I want, but the emotional side of me somehow is winning me over after every struggle and fight and telling me to just end it all and not worry about anything. I'm a selfless person to the heart and will most likely always will be because of the way I have lived my life only caring about the well being of myself and my mother, but its just getting too much for me to handle. I'm so close to achieving my dreams of getting into a good college and being free so my mother can divorce his ass but I'm equally as close to just ending it all.

Like I said, I don't know if I'm here posting my whole life story for some sympathy or encouragement to keep going, or just someone to talk to. I don't know. Just want to say thank you to everyone who has put up with reading this long ass essay post. I just don't know.

EDIT: Thanks to all who read and responded. I just woke up after sleeping and crying a ton. I'm feeling a bit better and clearer now after going through the comments.

To those who might be a bit confused, I've begged to my mother to divorce his ass plenty of times. My mother just brushes me off and says she's in this for me. Despite who he really is, he is making bank, and he feels he has some sort of duty to get me through college/university(He didn't go, military and 70's). The reason why I haven't gone to any sort of authority/help yet is because I don't want to waste my mother's time enduring the past 20 or so years being with him by getting him arrested and then me not being able to become successful. Believe me, I have tried to call the cops so many times but my mother stops me every time because she is worried about my future. She wants me to get a good education, get a well-paying job, have a family, and treat them differently than the way my mother and I have been treated, and ultimately be happy. The way I see it, she has sacrificed her life and I don't want to make that sacrifice go in vain. This is the only reason why I haven't gone to authorities or done something or actually ended it yet. Sometimes I beat myself up with shame because the reason/logic side of me knows that it would be a stupid move to kill myself but sometimes everything just feels too heavy for me.