PSA for fellow males: Check if your country of origin or citizenship practices conscription
[Map here](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Conscription_map_of_the_world.svg)

If you hold a citizenship in any of these countries, you may be legally obligated to perform military service. In some countries, you will have no other option, while some will offer alternate service.

As someone who has looked into this matter extensively, I can offer some tips. These are not universal, and I am not and have never been a conscript. Your experience will differ from country to country.

1st. This is not a light matter. People have died from hazing, stress, and accidents (Korea and Russia being prime examples). You are not going off to summer camp. These programs do not care about you. They are built to create a large fighting reserve, and will use you however they wish.

2nd. You will be severely hampered in your future plans. Most conscripts will not be able to leave their base for extended periods of time, and you will usually be cut off from the rest of the world. 2 years might not sound long, but it is in fact 2.5% of your life gone. And that 2.5% is in your prime.

3rd. The world will not stop when you are gone. Your friends will have made newer friends and had newer experiences. Popular culture will have shifted. New shows, movies, and books will have come out. No one will bend over backwards to accommodate you, beyond allowing you to return to some version of your previous life.

4th. You will be broken down. To me, the shaving of hair is an extremely symbolic act. When I was young and in India, my hair was cut short to impose upon me a sense of uniformity, and strip from me parts of my individuality. Not only will you most likely be shaved, you will be drilled and taught to conform to team dynamics. You will be instilled with a sense of detachment from your personal beliefs.

5th. You will not be paid well. You will also most likely not receive any benefits. This is not the US military. If you have some fanciful idea of service with civilians saluting you as you collect your regular benefits and enjoy a prestigious post in life, get that idea out of your head. Being fair, you will be provided accommodation and food, but don’t expect either to be particularly good.

6th. There is no equality (unless you are in Norway or, to a lesser degree, Israel). Don’t expect to see women serving alongside you. You will be expected to give up these years of your life for the sole virtue of being born male. They do not care for equality. If you complain about it, you will be ridiculed.

Here is my recommendation: 

Humans are not made to be turned into cannon fodder. They should not be herded or forced to potentially kill. They should not be tasked with laying down their lives for the rest of society. They should not be subject to harsh conditions and used as slave labor. Their individuality should be respected. Discipline and sense of belonging are neither guaranteed nor always desirable.

If you have any legal avenue of leaving the country and renouncing your citizenship, do it. Life expectancy is not a guarantee. You do not know if you will be alive for the next sixty years. If you die in three years, do you really want to have spent two in the bone chilling cold, shoveling snow?

Many of these countries will allow you to defer service if you are in higher education. Countries such as Canada and New Zealand are known for giving preference for permanent residence to those who graduated from domestic universities.

If you have religious beliefs, you might even try applying for refugee status. Certain communities, such as Jehovah’s Witnesses, have been known to be targets of such systems despite their refusal to serve in any military capacity. Reach out to religious organizations and they might be able to help. For atheists, you can also try to look for pacifist organizations that might support you due to their opposition to war.

If you are in the US, you have most likely registered for Selective Service. While the draft has not been active in 4 decades, males aged 18-26 have to register. If you are already 18, make sure you register or you may be ineligible for federal benefits and may be fined for $250,000. Prosecution is uncommon, but do not risk it. Furthermore, write to your Congressman to support either the abolishment of Selective Service or extend it to women on equal terms.

I am not a lawyer. I am not a legal expert. I am not advising you to commit any hasty action. I am simply raising awareness of the matter. Your life is yours. Please never forget that.