As app season winds down, I'm realizing we might've made college a much bigger deal than it really should be
I grew up with Asian parents who always daydreamed about me going to a prestigious college; my mom would often tell me how she hoped she'd be able to one day buy merch saying "UC Berkeley Mom," etc. From a young age, I was given this idea that college was my ultimate end goal after 18 years and that my focus should be on maintaining perfect grades and academics in order to get into a good school. And at the start of high school, I legitimately thought I wouldn't even make it to my local community college, because my parents had instilled this idea in me that college was an impossibly lofty goal; I guess it was their (unhealthy) way of "motivating" me.

But as I progressed through HS, I started to realize that there are so, SO many options for after high school; there are so many colleges and universities out there with good programs that lead to promising career prospects and futures. Just because a school isn't top 10 on US News doesn't mean you can't be insanely successful upon graduating from there.

Having a dream school is great, but being rejected isn't even close to the end of the world. I guess as I worked through my apps this year, I started realizing that for some of us, we've placed all this emphasis on being the perfect candidate for admissions - taking a ton of AP and honors classes, joining a bunch of extracurriculars, taking on more than we can handle at times, sacrificing sleep, social life, and sometimes our sanity just to maintain grades, etc. There's a lot of competition and peer pressure too: comparing stats, number of AP classes, amount of extracurricular involvements...but here's a hot take: maybe that wasn't all that necessary. So what if you don't get into a school that's seen as "prestigious" based on some arbitrary ranking? Prestige isn't everything; and honestly, the quality of the programs at different schools isn't all that drastic. Plus, if you really think about it, college is only the next 4 years of your life. Think about how quickly the 4 years of HS flew by; it'll only feel faster in college. My point is, college is really just a fleetingly short part of your future, and afterwards, what really matters is what you make of and do with what you learned from your college experience.

When I was in the midst of it, it seemed totally reasonable to stress myself out over my grades, stats, essays, extracurriculars, and on and on, but stepping back a little bit and looking through a different perspective, you start to see that this all is just a tiny piece of your future. Whether you go to Harvard or your state school or community college, you're making efforts to better yourself through education. And that is a respectable commitment that you should be proud of. Plus, the vast majority of people don't go to these so-called T20 or T50 or even T100 schools and they are doing just fine in life. **I feel as if we've put certain schools and the high stats/impressive resume that comes with those on a pedestal, but that's really not an accurate portrayal of reality at all.** Stop beating yourself up over not having a 1500+ SAT or a 4.0 GPA. In the long run, this all doesn't matter as much as it can seem right now. Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk :)

EDIT: Thank you for the silver! I didn't expect this post to blow up but I'm glad you guys could make something out of my disorganized thought dump haha