Fellow Chinese-Americans... how are you feeling?
Mods, feel free to remove this post if you think it doesn't fit, I just thought I'd post it here since it has something to do with college, although not entirely.

Among the surge of recent social & political events, I'm sure most of you have heard about the "Secure Campus Act" recently proposed by Republicans, which wants to ban Chinese internationals from US colleges due to spying (you can search up more about it). Many people have referred to it as a "modern day Chinese Exclusion Act," whether you agree with that or not.

As a Chinese-American, I may not be directly affected (not international) but I still feel a lot of conflicting emotions because of this. First of all, it's coming literally in the middle of the covid-19 crisis, where Asians overall have been stigmatized, and the Chinese especially. Second, although like I said the bill is not necessarily targeted to Chinese-Americans, I feel like it's only increasing the stigma towards Chinese people/Asians. You only have to look under Instagram posts to see what people think... covid-19 brought nasty as hell comments about us Chinese people (need I rehash that?), and the campus bill thing has a lot of people saying things like "the Chinese deserve it \[i.e. racism\]." Of course, like any other country, China definitely has its share of issues; I'm not going to deny them. But I've noticed a lot of things people say are based off the actions of the Chinese governments or a minority of the Chinese population (like idk *anyone* who's eaten a bat before??) and generalizing it.

I grew up in a very Chinese household, surrounded by family friends who are also Chinese. I've always been proud of my heritage and China's background - it's one of the oldest & most sophisticated culture/country, with so many significant traditions and values. I've never wanted to be any other race/ethnicity because I've always loved being Chinese (culture =/= government btw). But with all these controversies inflaming the racist stigma around the Chinese/Asians, I've been feeling... a lot. People make me feel like I should be ashamed for being Chinese, when I know their facts & assumptions are wrong. I feel more embarrassed in public because I wonder if people are judging me based on those things. I feel *scared* sometimes. But because of that, I feel so angry as well. The same people who preach BLM on their stories (which is good!) are telling me that it's not racist to discriminate against the Chinese. ...I should *not* be ashamed, embarrassed, scared, to belong to an ethnicity that I'm proud of, yet society seems to keep pushing this on me.

Idk... are any other Chinese-Americans (or other ethnicities too :)) feeling similar or have thoughts on this situation? I'd like to know how people my age are feeling about this, outside of my friends/school, esp. since this sub has a decent Asian population I believe. This turned into a mini rant, so again mods you can delete this if you see fit. But thanks for reading.

BTW... I am very aware of the other health, social, & political issues the world is facing rn. This is just about the issues with China specifically :)

EDIT: what the crap I'm shook at the awards... thanks so much guys🥺🥺