Does anyone else constantly feel like the "pity friend" and like everyone you know is closer to each other than to you?
This is one of the core issues of my social anxiety. I see the way everyone interacts and there are so many aspects of it that just do not come naturally to me because of how self-conscious I am and how much I try to stay out of everyone's way. People are way physically touchier with each other than they are with me (because being touchy just isn't something I naturally do in platonic relationships, even though I have no problem being touched), people tease each other a lot more and are way better at ~witty banter~ and being sassy with each other than I am and so people treat me weirdly more politely and delicately than they do other people, etc. which like the touching thing is I'm sure just because of how weirdly polite and overly nice I am and they don't want to overstep.

I just always notice that I am treated differently than most, almost like a child to some degree or at least someone who's pretty delicate and sensitive and naive (which I am to some degree, but I think I give off the impression that I am way more than is accurate). I just often end up feeling that I'm only invited to things out of pity more than anything and I somehow self-sabotage and put up boundaries that make it impossible for me to  be as close to others as they are to each other, or at least in the kinds of ways and dynamics with which people usually bond and connect.

I'm not sure how to put all of this into words really, but basically I'm just constantly overanalyzing everyone's behavior and they do treat me differently. They're very NICE, but that's mostly it and that's not really a basis for closeness and comfort with most people. I don't know how to fix it to be more approachable and make people feel more comfortable acting normal with me. I just always feel like I'm not "in on" things and just kind of there instead of actually an integral part of any groups. And I always feel like people look down on me and think I'm weird, stupid, oblivious, overly sensitive, childish, or a whole slew of other negative traits.