The fear of getting fired
I work a (shitty I guess in terms of pay and overall feel but not shitty because of the people/management) fast food job while juggling school. Work at a mall and hopped from one food place to another (whole different story). This one is infinitely better than the previous one. 

Couple of weeks ago, for the first time since I’ve gotten cashier experience, the cash register came up short 40 dollars. Don’t know how the hell it happened and it petrified me. Don’t know what happened but knew it was my fault 100% because I’m the only other employee there. Just 3 people total work there . They were, as expected, super cool about it. I offered to pay them back and they said no but I was ultimately stubborn and they took it.

This past Sunday was a shit show. It was short again. Don’t recall the amount that was said first because I think the owner said he forgot to put my tips of the day into consideration, but the end result ended up 5 dollars. Still just let them keep my tips (I insisted because they’re genuinely good people and it’s fine if I had fucked up) and like last time, came up with the 5. Doesn’t stop there though. To add a cherry on this shit Sunday, it was discovered that I knew the admin/owner/manager login to the register.

*No*, not for any scandalous reasons, I swear. Not like I can steal money knowing their login or edit transaction amounts. I knew it as to keep track of my credit card tips (I can see from my end when I get a tip and how much but not the total amount of tips I received) and to check the cash flow/how much is supposed to be in the register since in my end, I can’t see it. The first situation scared me shitless and I wanted to myself see where it was at and count it when I could. I also don’t have keys or anything to open the register, owner does. The only time the register is open is when I have a cash transaction. I was in lunch that day and noticed both of the owners (it’s a couple - that’s the “3 of us” part of this post) were outside and looking at the cash register screen. This is unusual because one of them is always outside to be out front and the other is in the kitchen. When it’s me out front, both are inside, doing everything inside the kitchen - prepping, cooking, washing dishes etc. Because of this, a bad feeling immediately washed over me and I feared I was short again, which would be confirmed true as I stated earlier. Once back from my lunch, I was going to see the cash flow and count to make sure it was all in there the next time I had a cash transaction. The login didn’t work anymore. They didn’t wait a day to change it or even confront me about it. They have had to see me login when I wasn’t looking because it was working fine right before my lunch and they were both out there. There’s literally no other reason as to randomly changing the login unless they somehow caught me logging in. Nothing was said to me and all resumed “normal”. 

It’s nothing major but it eats at me because I can only imagine how I must look to them now. Not only is the register short *again* but I knew their login? It eats at me because they’re good people. They’re nice. It’s a small business which is why the employee situation is the way it is and why I 100% wanted to give whatever money was gone, back. I only work two days (already have another job lined up to start in may so either way I’m leaving this place regardless but again, cannot stress how good people they are) so tomorrow is when I’ll finally show face again after all this. Nothing was said about firing or the login thing and the owner even said he’ll see me tomorrow at the same time when I was leaving. I’m just expecting the worst I guess and would hate to be fired when I hardly have anything to my name at the moment and am counting on this job to keep me afloat until at least May. My mind has been going mental gymnastics regarding the whole thing.