If your 30+, did you change career in your young 30s and how did it go?
A little bit about me...

I’m 32 and had a stroke November last year, which took away my speech. I had to relearn how to speak starting with the abc. Today marks five months since my stoke and I have recovered roughly 75%. I still find it difficult to get out some complex words, joining words (like ‘and’ and ‘an’), and my sentences sometimes have slight gaps between words. Sometimes I speak perfectly, but I’m slower than I once was but I’m getting there! They say it’s takes several months to a year to heal the brain after a stoke. I’m have youth on my side. 

Before I had my stroke, I was travelling the world for six months. I got made redundant in March 2019 from my finance role, where I analysed companies (shares) and the economy for a living for six years writing a newsletter for a global publishing company. All up I have roughly 7-8 year experience in the financial industry. But I wasn’t able to break into a big fund or broking firm, so I was severely underpaid (~$80k) by industry standards of $150k+. But I have the interesting and competitive experience for finance, I guess.

My concern is that I have over a years gap on my CV....now with the corona virus and businesses not advertising for jobs. Then again, if this event didn’t happen, I still wouldn’t feel ready because of my speech - it will be hard to sell myself now. I’m thinking of giving myself until the end of the year to hopefully recover, and, by then hopefully the economy will be reopened and companies hiring again. 

To cut a long story short, I’ll probably be out of the work force for nearly 2 years because of my stroke and the economic shutdown before I apply to jobs...if I start applying at the start of next year. 

I have always wanted to give tech sales a crack, but that depends obviously on my speech and how much it recovers - I’ll need to sell myself to land a job and I can only do that if I’m 99% better. I feel hopeful about it though. But I don’t know what I will look like in 3-6 months. If not, I will probably go back into finance becuase I’ll have no choice. That said, I’m just concerned about my possible 2 year gap. 

Do you think I’m screwed and have anyone changed careers in their 30s, or got a professional job with a long gap on their CV?