I’m pretty sure a new employee at my company got me fired. I have no idea how or what he said.
Hi, all. I’m in a tough spot that I’m having a hard time moving on from. 

For a year I have been the marketing director of a medical manufacturing company. I had a killer year with lots of little victories. I felt, for the first time, that I was really part of a team at work. I never received negative feedback, even when explicitly asking for it. I was well-liked around the office and people respected my work. I put in long hours and dedicated a lot to my job. Things were going great. 

COVID came around and I was temporarily furloughed, along with most of the company. No problem. I spoke with my boss (VP) over the phone during this period and she ensured me I’d be back soon. Then communication stopped, abruptly. 

A week later, an HR person who I did not know called to tell me my position was being eliminated. I was gutted. Still no word from either of my bosses, which seemed bizarre to me. Others in the company had no idea I was being terminated and the ones who did were just as confused as me. I asked the HR director repeatedly why I was being laid off, as it simply didn’t sit right with me. He insisted every time that it was COVID related and not due to performance whatsoever. 

Now, weeks later, my position is being posted again. Same responsibilities. Same pay. It is clear that I was lied to about why I was let go. 

I have a gut feeling that a new employee who was taking over the PR department has something to do with it. He was compulsively obsessed with the President of our company and would do literally anything to please him. He was constantly listening in on everyone’s conversations and reporting it back to people. He would talk to me all the time and even called me while I was on furlough to catch-up. I honestly believe he told the President things I said in private, or lied about things I said. 

I know I should let it go, but I am torn up and want closure. Would it be appropriate to ask a friend still at the company why I was actually fired?