Is my boss bullying me?
Update: I handed in my notice today! I feel so liberated! He was super nice to me all of a sudden too


I’ve posted about this before. I was hired as a social media executive (some events involved too) for a small business, reporting into the marketing director. When hired, she told me she would be going on maternity leave, but assured me it wouldn’t be long at all, she would be on call, and the Big boss would be around to pick up certain aspects of her job (which I have no experience in).

Cut to now, she has gone completely awol and we have found out she won’t be etirning until September, so that’s 7 months off! Bear in mind I’m paid a junior salary ($30,000)

I have been piled with a huge amount of work I have no experience in which is very technical, so have admittedly been struggling. As a result, my boss has been shouting at me for my lack of experience and the fact that he has to help with my job.

The other day on the phone, every time I said ‘ok’ to something, he would scream ‘stop saying ok!!!’ at me. 

When he gives me tasks, he also screams at me to ‘stop writing things down!!!’, as apparently I have to soak things in.

Yesterday, we had a meeting and he said he was going to create a presentation as I have a lot to do (and I have no experience of using the spreadsheet that has all the figures- I was actually told to not touch it). He comes into the office 10 mins before the meeting asking what I have prepared, and shouts at me in front of everyone for not preparing something.

He also screamed at me in front of everyone regarding a retainer contract my marketing director signed, but then proceeded to apologise as it was signed before I started.

This on top of him micromanaging everything I do and calling everything myself and my colleagues do shit, is giving me serious anxiety.

The weirdest thing is that he flips from being awful to very nice, so will take us to a really nice lunch after he shouts.

I’m going to hand in my notice mid-May as I seriously cannot take it anymore. I have plenty of savings so don’t really care if I have nothing lined up. I feel guilty about leaving when she’s on maternity leave, but now realise that is not my problem. 

I am also grieving at the moment (lostva family member to cancer) so it’s a struggle.

I’m quite a sensitive person however so don’t know if I’m overreacting? Would be good to hear your thoughts.

TLDR: manager went on maternity leave, I have been piled with work and my boss is screaming at me daily, leaving me with anxiety. But am I being too sensitive?