Am I better than Customer Service?!
I’m gonna be completely honest here. I grew up going to one of the best school districts in the country. I always got A’s and B’s. I took 12 AP classes. My mom is a healthcare attorney and my dad is a software engineer. I am incredibly privileged in numerous ways. I think that in part has led to some entitlement. In May, I graduated from Case Western Reserve University. I dual majored in Mathematics and Psychology, and dual minored in Sociology and Childhood Studies. In college, I had no idea what I wanted to do. I majored in math to please my mom and everything else I did just because I enjoyed it. Looking back I would definitely major in business or actuarial sciences. 

Anyway, I graduated in May with a 3.3 GPA. For the 6 months prior, I applied relentlessly to every job under the sun. Human Resources, Data Analysis, everything! I love stats and data and working with people. But was declined by everyone. I ended up getting a job with a major insurance company as.... a customer service representative. 

I’ve had this job for 5 months now. I have excelled and am already bored. I don’t feel like I can relate to my coworkers. I make $16.50 an hour. I feel humbled but also frustrated. I love everyone here but this isn’t *ME!* I don’t feel challenged here, I don’t see the opportunity to grow. Most of my co-workers are living on minimum wage and I can’t even relate because I saved up $25,000 working throughout high school and college and being supported in many ways by my parents. 

I feel like an idiot writing this. I feel like everyone will hate me and think I sound like an entitled brat. Which I probably am. But has anyone been in a similar situation? How can I get past customer service? How can I get employers to take me seriously? I am taking 2 accounting classes at a community college, I am teaching myself SQL, and I’m studying for my first actuarial exam. 

Everyone around me is telling me I can do better than customer service. But it sure doesn’t feel like it. I’m embarrassed to tell people I work in CS, and I hate that I feel that way. I want a career where I can be challenged and start a family and everything. CS feels so stagnant. I would appreciate any advice.