I guess i too have to be like these guys ha?...
 Just the other day me and my bestfriend since highschool and his wife went out for dinner. My friend who happen to have a high paying job for the past 8 months has made him a bit egotistic. He went on how he accumulate x amount of money per month and bought x item, and tell personal stories on how his boss ( Somehow he's very close with his boss) owns a big house, expensive sports car and recently just bought a yacht that cost millions.

as he were telling all of these stories, it made lose interest in the conversation that we were having during the dinner. The reason why is that i'm not a carrot chaser nor care about what the next guy had. But looking at his enthusiasm as he talks about it just made me pretended to listen as i don't want to make myself look rude or disrespectful to the conversation he's giving out.

Eventually, the conversation was about to come to an end. Naturally, of course i just gave a small remark to conclude the conversation by saying the lines of " Well, i'm glad that you're having a big upgrade in your career and resources, also not to mention having friends and being in an environment of wealthy people. But, i'm leaning more to have a simple life, and even if i'm somewhat rich i would focus my money things that are important such as health. Cuz, there will be a day where i will fall sick and will have to pay the hospital bills that cost fortune. Secondly, i would save it for future emergency expenses such as maintenance, and so on. " 

After i had giving out my small remark to conclude the conversation.Out of the blue, He started to laugh sarcastically telling me that my remarks are a bunch of pussy talk because apparently he's ideology is that if you're rich i somehow need to be like him and his boss, who needs to buy unnecessarily luxury items. He told me if you're rich why aren't you using it to the fullest?.

I was shocked and at the same time irritate because he wasn't like this before. So, in my defense i told him that i'm a realist and money can sometime vanish out of thin air without even knowing it, and it will be happening if you're not cautious about what you're spending on mindlessly. And even if you have money now, one day the things that you owned maybe or maybe not, has a percentage of being sold to regain some resource to stabilize the financial, as an act of desperation, because this has happen to my father due to the economy where he had to sold his house and car, and being unemployed until today, in which he he also lost as a homeowner and rented a small house along with my mother.

Finally, after i had given out facts after facts of realism unto his face in the most calmly, maturely way. He too got annoyed by my facts and basically using the immature tactics of " Oh yeah?, yeah well you're gay ". and he said " Well, that's because you're having an underpaid job. But, if you're having a high paying job you wouldn't saying those kind of things, and you're probably jealous. Jealousy, isn't going to make you successful in any career. " I then my final reply was " Sure ". Because at this point i'm just annoyed and had given up by his lack of common sense and the ability to comprehend such simple fact that i had blowing out unto him, and ended the dinner awkwardly and head back out our separate ways.