I think I have bedbugs and I don't know how the fuck to deal with it. Also family problems.
So, as the title says, I think we might have bedbugs in our house, specifically the basement.

I'm sorry in advance if this seems scattered, and for all the swearing. I'm just in a very stressed out frame of mind.

This is the worst possible time to get those, as I was supposed to be taking all the stuff in the basement into my new apartment. Now I'm terrified that I'll get bedbugs not only in the basement, but also in the apartment and the other apartments too.

Oh God I don't know how to deal with this. This is a nightmare.

I've gotten bites all over my body and I can't tell whether bedbug bites or not. They're even on my fucking FACE. I've researched bedbugs, mites and fleas till I was practically an expert, but I still feel like I don't know anything. 

I bought this powder spray that goes in the crevices and baseboards and bed and whatnot, but I don't know whether I got everything. I sprayed it everywhere I think it may have been. I don't even see the fuckers, how the fuck am I supposed to know where they are? 

There is just so much work that I wasn't prepared for and I don't know how to deal with it. And the exterminator won't be open till Monday. I don't even fucking know if it IS bedbugs. 

And to top it all off, my bag of shit step brother decides that, since I'm the only other person in the house right now (as his mom and my other brother are out of town) that he gets to walk all over me and disregard anything I have to say (as usual) and  invite all his friends over at 2:30 in the morning and have their own little fucking concert upstairs, and then let everyone sleep over without me knowing SHIT about it. It was a real surprise to wake up and see some guy sleeping on the couch not 10 feet from my bedroom. YEAH YOU LITTLE FUCKWAD THANKS FOR LETTING ME KNOW THERE WOULD BE PEOPLE OVER SO I DON'T FREAK OUT WHEN I SEE PEOPLE I DON'T KNOW PASSED OUT ON THE COUCH IN THEIR UNDERWEAR, YOU LITTLE CUNT. FUCK YOU.

I'm moving out in nine days (hopefully without bedbugs) and I cannot wait to not be around him. 

In all honestly, I just need someone to tell me that everything is going to be alright and that somehow I'll figure it out, and I won't get kicked out of my apartment.

**TL;DR: bedbugs suck balls and my step brother is a raging, infected asshole**