35yo with weird life trajectory trying to get a 9-5 job for the first time. Feeling kinda hopeless, got any advice for me?
I started freelance editing/proofreading about 10 years ago and stuck with it until now due to various family/health issues that prevented me from taking up a 9-5 job. I have 2 incomplete degrees that I abandoned years ago because I didn't need them for freelancing (MA about 90% completed, BA about 50%). 

Now I need a way to support myself and I'm trying to finally set up something that will work for me in the long run. My freelancer profile is probably my best asset with a 100% client satisfaction score and some great written feedback. I never knew it would be so useless when trying to find employment. 

The thing is, I want to quit freelancing. For me, it's always been too much effort for an unbalanced work life and little money. I definitely never enjoyed the constant race for new clients either. Some of this is probably my fault.

I also want to step away from editing. I'm a decent editor, but not some great talent, and I no longer enjoy doing it. This is partly because of the nature of freelancing and partly because I find most of my projects unfulfilling and meaningless. I did have some good, long-term clients, but not enough to be able to refuse crappy ones.

My aim is to establish a simple, "normal" adult life with a job that pays the bills and has fixed work hours. At this point, I don't even care if it's boring, I just want to be financially balanced, not having to work (chase new clients) to be able to work, and have a couple of hours to myself after I've finished work.

But I'm not sure it's possible to make this transition without solid work experience and education on my resume. I'm worried that I'm too old, my work experience is not enough, and generally not sure how to go about it. 

Do you have any advice for me? Courses I should take that would make me marketable in a short period of time?

I'm actually not some lowlife, I just need someone to give me a break. I work hard, learn fast, and I'm responsible. I've always worked remotely and would like to keep it that way. I was looking at jobs like content moderation and customer support roles where they don't necessarily ask for relevant experience. But there might be other options, I just really never learned how to do a proper job search. Any advice is appreciated!

Sorry about the long-ass post, and thank you for taking the time to read it :) 

Edited for brevity, somewhat.