I have no one.
I’ve been wanting to talk about this with someone for a while, but I have quite literally no one to talk to. I’m don’t make enough money to go to therapy sessions so this is the next best thing I guess. To start out, I have been rather tall and thin my entire life, it was never a problem, until high school started. As a girl it’s even harder to have the type of body I have. I’m 5’8 and 112 lbs.. Anyways, the summer before my sophomore year of high school my dad moved my family to an extremely rural area on the other side of the county, so naturally I had to start at a new high school where I knew absolutely no one. The school I started was full of racist rednecks and I had never been exposed to those type of people. This is pretty funny (and I can’t wait until the day where I’m not so depressed about it that I can laugh about it) but on my very first day, this girl in my science class told the whole class that “she heard the new girl bleaches her asshole” lmao I know completely random. Well I have a dry sense of humor so when people asked me if I did I would sarcastically say yes, and they told other people that they asked me and I said yes. So for the rest of the year I was called “butthole bleacher” and I haven’t shared this info with anyone bc I’m so embarrassed. This group of boys would always tell me how disgusting my body is and how I was shaped like a boy. I went home everyday crying because I had no idea people I didn’t even know could be so cruel. This one boy in particular would tell me to kill myself every.  single. day. He was not joking at all which made it worse. I had no friends (still don’t), was told how ugly I was everyday, and was now just known as a girl who bleaches her butthole (it’s ok to laugh at it, I know it’s funny for people who aren’t me) I remember one day in particular I was walking by a group of redecks and this guy goes “there’s the flatass who fucks everyone” . I was shocked and went into class crying. I was confused, I have still never even kissed anyone so I couldn’t understand where people were getting this information from. You may be thinking I’m over exaggerating but I’m not kidding when I say that everyday I was made fun of by mainly boys for being so skinny. The day I hit rock bottom was in dance class. I had just recently experienced a ton of problems at home and the constant bullying made my depression way worse. I had made no friends in the dance class and the time came for a group dance. I waited until the last group went in fear of being made fun of, and in front of the whole entire gym, the whole group as I began to approach them said “no, no, no we don’t want you” and the ENTIRE gym laughed. after dance class was last period where the mean boy was. He noticed I was sad and told me I should probably just kill myself. Everyone was taking about me on the bus ride home that day, and I just couldn’t take it anymore. I took a rope, ladder, and my phone and climbed as high as I could up a tree in my yard. I was crying and playing my favorite song “American Pie”. Then I saw my dad pull into the drive way, and I couldn’t do it. Then, things began to turn around. I was excepted into the dual enrollment program at the community college, so for my entire junior and senior  year, I’ve been going to the community college full time and have not stepped foot into that school. I love physics so I decided to major in engineering, But, i got a D in calculus II last semester so I was kicked out of the program and since  I had all my credits for high school, I just began working full time at my job. I still have never had a boyfriend or even my first kiss. I’m so lonely and feel so ugly. Although now I’ve accepted the fact that I’m just not attracted to the opposite sex apparently. Anyways, I found out I actually had enough credit hours to get my AA before even graduating high school, so I got that last week. I’m just so depressed and I literally have no friends. Like I’m not exaggerating at all. None. I feel so lonely and embarrassed. Next week is high school graduation and today I had to go pick of my cap + gown from high school during the senior luncheon. As soon as I walked in all of the horrible memories came back and I got the worst anxiety attack I’ve ever had. I pulled myself together and got in the line to get the cap and gown. And then heard a group of boys saying my name and staring at me so I looked over and  a bunch of girls laughed. Then, the group forced a gap in line right where I was standing and said loudly “excuse me”, while the rest of the group laughed. I felt so humiliated. I have to actually walk with these assholes next Saturday and I’ve never wanted to not do anything more. I just want some friends that I can lean back on when shit like this happens but as aforementioned I have absolutely none. The only thing that keeps me going anymore is my hope that my future will be better. I got into University of Florida so I’ll be starting in the fall. I’m pretty excited for a fresh start even though it’s just an hour a way from where I live. But to be honest, I’m so sad right now and I’m back in a rut. I can’t eat, my mom has  to force me to shower or even brush my teeth. I don’t know what to do anymore. Thanks if you got this far. Advise to keep going?