My general manager is becoming increasingly abusive and I have a phone call scheduled with our district manager to discuss it. Advice on approaching this conversation and actually getting results?
I'll start this off saying that I've missed 4 days of work in the past month. Two of those were because I urgently needed to complete homework for college midterms, 2 were for mental health. During that week I was also scheduled about 47 hours even though I'm a part time employee (usually about 20-25 hours) and have never agreed to that many hours. I asked my manager if I could drop or swap my shifts and he laughed at me and said no. I've been struggling a bit and honestly I was at my breaking point, I don't normally miss work often at all (I've worked at my store for over a year) and I don't take it lightly. 

I also have recently been switched to a state insurance plan which is not free as it was last year, but requires co-pays for each appointment and prescription. Primary care appointments aren't too expensive but ER visits and psychiatrist visits have been costing me about $100. So I haven't brought a note from my psychiatrist to excuse my absences, and frankly I feel extremely uncomfortable even discussing mental health issues with my boss, but I'll get to that shortly.

A lot of employees have had issues with this GM for a long time and several reports to upper management have been made, usually resulting in a slap on the wrist. He almost never completes the weekly schedule on the day he promises to, he makes his assistant managers do almost all of his work for him (including signing important documents, for which they have a stamp with his signature on it), and he is notoriously rude and immature. He talks about how great at his job he is and how he knows how to make employees act how he wants them to, but truthfully almost no one respects him because he's so blatantly lazy and unprofessional.

Over the last couple of months my store has had two imperfect mystery shopper reports and my boss has been furious and constantly borderline yelling at employees, especially supervisors. He's been tightening policies, removing job perks (free items we previously were allowed, which is not a big deal but is obviously more punishment oriented than disciplinary), and threatening to fire people left and right. Every supervisor is scared of being demoted. One girl was just named employee of the month and she was also threatened with demotion for making a mistake this weekend.

All of our employees have been extremely on edge and unhappy, and I've heard most of our best employees mention looking for other jobs. Yesterday I walked by the managers office and overheard him yelling at our head supervisor, cussing and telling him that he better get people in line because "these little shits are starting to piss me off".

I'm a supervisor myself and I've worked hard this past year to get where I am and be great at my job. It's a lower wage hourly job so it's not the American dream or anything, but for a long time it was a great place for me to be while I'm in college.

Because of these unexcused absences, I've received 2 write ups, which resulted in me getting suspended for a week. I missed my shift today. I spoke to an assistant manager about it and was then called back by my general manager. He immediately began yelling at me and told me I must not care about my job and that I needed to prove to him that I do care, and then hung up on me while I was trying to explain to him why I missed my shift.

Let me emphasize that I truly do understand the importance of coming to work and being reliable, and I've always taken pride in my ability to do that. Literally just since early March have I begin slipping for the first time, and I've apologized and taken responsibility each time. I didn't complain when I was written up, and I didn't try to make excuses even given that my mental health has been in bad shape. But he is demanding an explanation and has sent an additional write up for me to our HR department. He told me to come in Monday if I want to make a statement to explain myself, but said that he can't really see how a piece of paper is going to help me.

My workplace has become so toxic and everyone is so unhappy, when he spoke to me so disrespectfully today I truly considered going in tomorrow and turning in my written two week notice. But I don't have other employment yet, and I honestly do care about my coworkers and the fact that they are clearly being used and abused by someone who has no idea how to actually run the place without throwing tantrums. I emailed my district manager and explained the general situation and asked that he call me tomorrow.

How can I approach this conversation in a way that's professional but doesn't gloss over how toxic my manager is? Truthfully, at this point I want this guy to get fired. He's a terrible manager and he's turning our store into a miserable place. I really want to see some kind of actual result come of this, and I'm honestly really nervous about going in on Monday because I know he's going to try to downplay any explanation I have and make me feel worse.


Tl;Dr
My boss is increasingly toxic and abusive, has never been reliable or good at his job, and is now constantly threatening employees with write ups and demotions over minor mistakes, calling it "insubordination". I've been absent several times recently, which I acknowledge is not okay and I take responsibility for, but he's being so openly disrespectful and belligerent about it that I don't feel comfortable coming to him to explain my mental health issues. I have a meeting to speak with my district manager, how can I handle this productively?