Terminated from job after 4 weeks because of “lack of fit”
Hi guys, I was working at a new social work job in NYC starting from sept to end of oct. I haven’t posted about the termination too much because, out of coincidence, I ended up in the hospital the day after (unrelated) and had a fairly invasive surgery.

Anyways, the job, without providing much detail, as in a jail setting with male inmates. I am a early/mid 20s female. The day prior to my termination, I received an email from my supervisor to report to HR day after. No explanation. I get there and they hand me the paper stating I was terminated. I was told to return my ID then and that was my last day.

I asked them for a reason and they said “lack of it,” and they refused to provide further details, stating that they were “unaware” of the specific issues since HR is a “different department.” The paperwork says I was supposed to receive an “exit package,” but I have only received my paycheck, to which the pay ends the day i was terminated. My health insurance was cut off the day after (fair), but they took out money for the pretax subway card which I did not receive.

I have had friends who believe that there were discriminatory concerns, as I am the youngest female in that particular department, and had staff comment on my appearance, moreso than other staff members when wearing the same attire. I personally believe that there is no discrimination, and perhaps they didn’t feel I was mature enough for the job. However, I didn’t get any warnings of my performance with my supervisor, so I did feel a bit blindsided. 

I just want a neutral POV of what might have been the concerns they saw, and how can I avoid them in the future. But also to know if this is a fairly standard type of termination when fit is the issue. Looking back, I’m not too upset about the job loss, as the commute was 3+ hours and extremely unreliable. Thank you!

TL;DR: was terminated for lack of fit, there was no warning, I want to know if this is a normal termination process.