just letting all my problems out
am in my freshmen year of high school, since childhood I was bullied by pretty much everyone and got beat up a few times, this lead me to develop an inferiority complex. plus with many other family members that I deeply cared about died and I was left alone with no one to talk about my problems. I would sometimes arrive home feeling like absolute shit and I would cry in my room and only come out for basic things. I haven't had much luck getting a girlfriend either and this always has bothered me and can bring me to tears just thinking about it cause since childhood all I've ever wanted to feel loved and have someone to love back, to be with me and I feel hopeless and scared of dying alone. in 2016 the bullying finally stopped but I was still a bit of an outcast. in 2017 I finally managed to get a group of friends who, to this day am still with. despite this, I was always the butt of jokes and got pushed around by them but I didn't leave them because I had no one else and they knew this too and took advantage of that. I became depressed and would cry myself to sleep almost every night. after some time I finally had a small light of hope come to me, I developed a crush on a girl and do to my lack of social experience I would do many weird and cringey things to get her to notice me (thankfully I've learned how to interact with people properly). the one normal thing I did for her was a poem I wrote. I took an entire week to write it, to make it perfect. then I gave it to her, it turns out she had a boyfriend, I was heartbroken and also felt ashamed of myself. I felt hopeless like no one would ever love me. my friends made fun of me for that it got so bad that one day I attempted suicide. failed. am not glad I failed, but neither would I want to do that again.my parents are religious and they think mental illness is stupid and that even if I killed myself I would still be a sinner in the eyes of God. my parents are not abusive thankfully, they are just ignorant I suppose, but it still hurt to hear that not even god cared about my problems. and by the way, I am male so my father telling me to "man up" is a bit of a problem.2018 was quite calm, my depression calmed down, my friends started to respect me more, not much but still something. I would often cry about past events though.now in late 2019, my first year of high school began, I made friends with this girl, she was by far the nicest anyone had ever treated me, she suffers from depression and anxiety and so we would relate to many of each other's problems. I have become close to her and also a bit attached. I deeply care about her and do everything to try and comfort her when she's down. it turned out she has a boyfriend but I have recently reached the point of loving her. I am desperate for what to do, I have never felt this close to anyone before. a week ago she revealed to me that she was only nice to me she felt bad for me, she told me that she does care about me but I am not that important to her. I don't know how to feel about this, I feel like I've been lied to and it makes me sad that she also will most likely never feel the way I feel for her. thinking about this has made me fall back into another depression, I feel desperate, I love her and I don't know what to do.

I simply wanted to let all of this off my chest after keeping it in for so long. sorry for any grammar or any errors I've made, English is not my native language. I didn't know how to word some things but I hope everyone can understand what I've written. please don't make fun of any error, am already uncomfortable enough sharing this.