I hate my job and don't know what to do
(Please note this is my first post in reddit ever, so if I put this in the wrong place please tell me! Thank you!)

Alright straight to the point, I HATE my job.  As a college student, I thought I'd lucked out getting a retail job for this company (a world wide and pretty expensive cosmetics company).  The job was nothing special, just your basic helping people find their stuff, cashiering, stocking, and the likes.  Or at least I thought it was.  

So everything was going really well, I even got a "promotion" and was able to take on more responsibility, which I enjoyed.  I was constantly asking what I could do to improve, what I needed to work on, or if my manager needed any help with anything.  Everything was fine until I had to request time off in order to complete my last semester at college before I could move onto a University.  Trying to finish off classes is normally hard enough, but during this time my parents were always fighting and seriously considering getting a divorce.  Add on top of that the fact I can only go to college if I keep my grades up, as I rely only on scholarships.  You could say I was just a *little* stressed out at the time.  Scheduling for this place has always been bad.  The manager would make it one week in advance, your never allowed to switch shifts with someone else, and in order to get time off you have to request it a month in advance.  So anyways, I told my acting manager (he's actually the assistant, but because the stores real manager broke her leg and couldn't work for a long time, we as the staff filled out a survey which got him temporarily promoted) about everything that was going on with school.  It should be noted that while I didn't love the manager (I actually thought he was and still is super child-ish.  He refuses to take any criticism, is rude, and is super 'car sales man' like to the costumers), the two of us had a pretty good relationship.  At this point, we'd only really only had a one on one when I expressed how much I hated the new sales tactic we were using (basically continuously bothering costumers in every section of the store, even if they asked us to go away).  

So I tell him the issues with needing more time for school and he assures me he will do everything he can.  Next schedule comes out and guess what?  I'm scheduled for MORE hours!  I was pissed, we had another meeting where he tried to tell me "I did do everything I could, this is less hours, I don't know what you want me to do.  Besides, you only go to school four days a week, you should have plenty of time to work here."  I had to explain to this man how even though I go to school four days a week, the work load required for my classes was that of a full time job.  So even though it seemed like I had all the time in the world, in reality I was spending hours upon hours a day trying to figure out homework and getting tutored.  Eventually, my manager said he understood and agreed to let me give up one of my shifts.  I was still pissed, but I eventually was able to graduate so my availability became free again.

Fast forward to a couple weeks ago.  So, our real manager finally got cleared to come back to the store, and within about two weeks of being back she pulls me into a meeting with the supervisor I'd been working with thanks to my promotion.  They tell me I'm basically de-promoted because of my availability and because the old manager (now the assistant manager or AM) and my supervisor thought it was taking away my commitment on the sales floor.  She also told me the amount of time I had taken off because I was sick or for family emergencies was unacceptable and if I missed another shift I'd be fired.  I was in shock.  That promotion was everything to me, and to make matters worse my supervisor in that position told me they were still "so thankful for all the work I did and the new organizational systems I had created.  In fact, there so great will still be using them."  I'm sure they meant well by saying this, but all I could here was "thanks for fixing everything, but you're useless now so bye!"  On top of that, I even checked with both my supervisor and AM if my availability would affect my promotion, and they both assured me as soon as my hours became open again I could go right back too it.  I ended up having to be sent home that day because I had a break down.  

At this point I just don't know what to do.  I am so upset about the fact they took away my position (I was able to work behind the scenes more and was insured longer hours).  Honestly, what makes everything so much worse was that I never heard anything but positivity in that position.  They never told me I was doing anything wrong, and never gave me things to improve on.  At this point, I know I worst case scenario I will need this job until the summer ends.  Its only a couple of month but with how much I hate this place it might as well be a century.  Does anyone have any advice?  Should I just try to keep my head down and push through it or should I try to find another job?