Is this the strangest first day ever?
Hi,
I need some perspective on this situation. Thanks in advance!

I started a new job literally yesterday and here's what's up so far-
I accepted a remote job as a project manager after a very quick interview process (one week from call to offer and over Xmas week) interview process all over the phone. Post acceptance, the tell me they need me to start ASAP and push my start a week sooner than I offered (they pushed for even a week sooner but I was oot) so I've just started. 
In my preinterview on-boarding they tell me that they'd like me to come to the corporate headquarters outside of Chicago for a couple of days- all fine so far.

I get this email from the admin assistant like  'you'll fly in take a bus from the airport and stay in our corporate apartment for your trip'- ok weird that they don't use a hotel and not keen on an hour bus ride but still not worried just yet. 
Next email from my new boss telling me what flight to book on their corporate website. We are going to be meeting at the airport and commuting together and also staying in this same corporate apartment together. No car. Same space (thank God we have our own rooms and bathrooms within the space).  Ok- starting to get anxious.

Im still just rolling with it on Sunday. I met her at her gate (for the first time I've ever seen her) at O'Hare and she's like 'we've got 15 mins to catch the bus are you ok with running?' We ran across O'Hare to catch this bus with minutes to spare. She talks to me nearly the whole bus ride -some pleasantries and some asking me about my previous role. We get off the bus catch an Uber to the shared apartment. It's late at this point- there's no food in this 'stocked apartment' besides beer and oatmeal. We order food (she paid). I ate and went to bed exhausted from the day and the non-stop talking. I went up to my room to go to sleep. 
Monday- Woke up and got ready. We left this apartment and got an Uber to Starbucks for breakfast. We went to the office where we had a small conference room where we spent nearly every minute of the day together- we even took bathroom breaks together (how fun!).  
We do a bit of onboarding and starting process review and she gets visibly annoyed when I ask questions about process flow (learning it's her way or no way) and she tells me it's not my job to worry about the controls that I've always worried about in my previous roles. They are doing their own waterfall/agile hybrid process  I don't know anything more than the customer facing info on this product and she's really not inclined to expound- not your job- stay in your lane. I explain that it helps me understand what I'm doing if I understand the process and she shoots me down again. She said I need to take 'big steps back'. Whatever. I can be a talking head- dropped it..

So she leaves for a bit to have a meeting with her boss and comes back and starts pinging and calling her pms (this starts at about 3 Central) that they need to report numbers before EOD for some budget report. They don't respond she starts calling people. I'm trying to read SharePoint stuff because effectively my training is now over and I'm just another person in the room. About 5pm she's still working and says she be working late. She was weird about giving me a key to get into the apartment. Then pinged some other out of town people who were in the office to have me go dine with them- I didn't ask for her to do this. After some talking my way out of their group I was able to leave and get an Uber to a different place where for the first time I was alone in 24 hours. 
She texted me while I was at the restaurant to check in... Literally left the office at 530 and this check in was at 7. I decided to leave the restaurant because apparently I'm being babysat and came back to the apartment around 8-830. She's on the phone with her boss like 'she finally came home'.  She is sitting in our living room space (no TV's in any other space) working and is still literally calling people who will be my peers to send her data. I sit on the couch across from her and she said she got a 'weird vibe' from me and asked what was up.... (...l) 

She said she had concerns about me (in my life have never been an employee to have concerns about)- I explained that because of my experience my default is to monitor and control my teams work... AND this is DAY ONE. She's at this point still calling her employees, my peers to get them to send her different reports and such. She said to someone as I was in the room 'would you bet your job on that report' ?  Tells me she is often on the phone with her boss at midnight and 2 am. I mentioned work life balance and said I I don't really sync or look at work after I'm done for they day and she responded with 'so after 6 I'll just have to call your personal cell, right?'

 She presssed on the vibe thing - I said I had concerns about calling employees (literally one was on her way ooo and she was asking her to stop her commute to get her information) and felt this situation was strange - and from my experience this seems to be a process issue- either her employees aren't reporting properly or the data collection is flawed and then stepped back and said it was my first day and I only have a very limited view or her budget crisis situation and went to bed.

Would this all be not so bad if I wasn't trapped in a random apartment and had a hotel room where I could come and go as I wanted without feeling under a microscope? Is this just a really dumb situation? I reached out to my friends about it and one said I should be running away and the other said to collect my paycheck and do whatever they want. I will be leaving this office Wednesday and will be working remotely after...
It's 5 am, I can't sleep because this awful situation and even worse this stupid uncomfortable bed. Really starting to feel like this is all by design and they are trying to break me.(would that even be a surprise anymore? Lol) 

Sorry for the length. Looking forward to your thoughts. Thank you again!