A number to be proud of.
Hello r/povertyfinance! 

&#x200B;

I have been poor my entire life. I grew up poor and spent most of my adult life struggling to keep my head above water. After high school I worked 12 hour shifts in a factory because I couldn't afford to go to college. I lived in dumpy apartments, drove rusted out beaters and spent weeks eating generic mac&cheese and Ramen noodles just to make it through to the next paycheck. A few years ago I put myself through technical college (my 2-year degree took me 5 years part-time) and got an associate's degree. I got a better paying job, although I work a couple of part time jobs, as full time jobs in my field are rare. Even with a small bump in income I figured I would work paycheck to paycheck my entire life. A couple of years ago though I found Reddit; I found the r/personalfinance sub and read all about how to save money, pay off debt & heal my credit score. I kind of rolled my eyes, but followed some of the advice as best I could. Then I found r/povertyfinance and followed the advice here which was more tailored to my actual financial situation.  Well, after three years of hard work & sacrifice I can say that while I don't have a stock portfolio and a 2nd house in the Hamptons, I have over $1,000 in savings, I haven't paid a bill late in 2 years and my FICO score is now above 750 for the first time in my life (for those who are interested, I was at about 600). I just refinanced my car last month and was offered a prime interest rate. I almost cried. I went from paying 13% interest a few years ago to 2.4% this month. I know it wouldn't mean much to a lot of people, but I feel like I'm finally pulling myself out of the poverty pit. I just wanted to share with some people who would understand how hard of a struggle it was and how proud I am. 

&#x200B;

Thanks for reading! 

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Crawling out of poverty thanks to reddit!

Edit: A couple of people have asked specifically how I was able to do this. The biggest help came from using the debt snowball method, creating a Mint account, which helped me track all of my spending and set up budgets, and sticking to my goals of paying down my debt, raising my credit rating and building savings. I'm still not 100% out of the woods yet, I have a few thousand left to pay on my student loans and car payment, but I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you so much to everyone for the encouraging words & I wish all of you good luck in your personal financial journeys. 

P.S. I removed some personal information from the original since this is getting a little popular.