About to lose a job during quarantine. What should I do next?
I started working at this company for only about 3 months now. Before that, I was collecting unemployment for about 3 months as well. I started working for this company as a new employee , and two days in the office the lock down was announced and I was forced to work from home. 

It was an absolute mess, there was no structure, and I tried the best to my abilities to learn to structure and interface of my company. (I am a data analyst). I then find out that my boss is very micromanaging and called me out in front of everybody in the team for not knowing specific material. Then after that, she called me everyday in the morning to nitpick at my work and pretty much told me how unhappy she is with my progress. She told me that I am learning at a slow pace and that she's "having second thoughts". 

Everybody in the company does not get along with her, and this quarantine is not making it any better. She's very hard to deal with and any small mistake that I make she screams at me on a one on one meeting. I have to meet with her every morning through zoom for about 1-2 hours and every time she leaves with a bad taste in her mouth. 

I try to reach out to help from my peers but a lot of them do not respond to assist me, which I totally understand because it's quarantine season and they need to get their work done. Pretty much nobody is training me, and I am left in the fire with no actual material to work with. I try to do things on my own, but it strays me off the wrong path. One of my co-workers today set up a meeting with me and told me that "she will be teaching me for a week to see if my boss will re-consider". 

It just shows that I am on fire and on extreme watch, and I do not think I have much time left. Worst case scenario, I get fired, will I still be able to collect unemployment? I cannot afford to get fired right now as I have to pay for rent. I really need your help as I am sitting here anxiously trying my best at my job but nothing seems to be working. 

&#x200B;

tl;dr about to be fired from my job how should I try to stop that from happening and will I Be able to get unemployment?