What to do with my life...😁
My mom and I got in a physical altercation earlier this year and life's been messy since then. I was always a good student but I have two uncompleted classes from that semester. I have mourned the death of out relationship (that was never really there or never capable of being there) and I understand my mom more and what she went through, why she is the way she is. I'm living with a long time friend a couple days a week and plan to move in there when I turn 18 while I go to school, get myself together, and decide what I want to do. After two years of community college I'll decide where to finish school wether I wanna move out of state or what I wanna pursue/if I have a serious relationship I want to follow. My friends mom has been a huge resource through this process and her view was that getting Social Services involved could be benificial for my mom getting the help she needs bc it's hard for her to exist in the world. She once told me she's exoirienced every ACE (Adverse Childhood Expirience) and so I know both she and my dad are trying their best but it's not good enough to be suficient parents. (My dad's verbally abusive which I am reading can have lasting affects that outweight or equal physical abuse but he is a stable parent, comes from a more stable family, is resonable in comparison and doesn't have mental health issues other than anxiety which makes him indecisive and submissive to mi mom) Her and her siblings were removed from their home when she was abiut 15 and she moved out on her own with a family she knew... i feel like I might be her but that is ok if I can be a little *less* her. All I want is to be happy. They are always confused on what they want. And take their problems out on me every day it kinda sucks. In deciding what I want to do with my life (and this situation) I talked to multiple caseworkers, gathered information and concluded that it is essentially (at this moment) not usefull to get social servuce involved because it would either a) only complicate things b) if I were removed from my home be put in foster case or c)emacipation is nearly imposible in the state I live in and even if possible a social worker told me that most teens end up worse off aka homeless or struggling with different things. It is hard to live in an unsafe enviroment but that enviroment could be just as unsafe. Right now I am thinking my best bet is to keep learning about personality disorders to understand my mom and hey maybe it'll lead me to a career (maybe not but at least I can share the knowedge with others to help them in the future). They only part that is really hard for me is that I think I can orevent anything from happening to put me in danger but this means that I have to bend to my mom's every mood and that means that I can't really commit to anything, I can't really build anything that is substantial and stable like being in a relationship or anything else that is planned. She refuses to schedule anythign and that means outside of school I can't have anything reliable and that I have to come whenever she calls for fear of anything bad. She does a lot of normal parenting things for the wrong reasons. I know this has/will/might cause a lot of issues for me so I am weighing my options supper carefully but the alternative (going to SS) from my research could possibly be just as problematic/traumatizing. All my options seem ahrd but I feel like there's got to be a third option. I want to get out of this. I want to have a happy prosperous life and I am willing to do anything to get it. 
Any tips or advice? Anyone see a third option? 
Also would you say it would be bad or benificial for me to be in a relationship in this situation? I feel like it could be unfair to the other person thought they know me well so I feel it could either be a really positice thing or go terribly wrong. Lemme know if you have any thoughts!
How do I heal after I get out of this?
Am I throwing away my life? Will I really be able to pull myself together if I wait this out and all I have to show for it is a bunch of journals filled with depressive stuff and ig some life lessons:)
Thanks for anything🙏