As cliche as this sounds, you are absolutely enough and please don't forget that in your dating journeys.
I know this has been probably said to eternity on this sub as well as countless others, but I've been thinking so hard about that phrase recently. I'm 28 and a woman, going through my own single journey and putting myself out there. I've been rejected and hurt over the last 12 years. So much so that I stayed at home during much of my early 20's because I was afraid of rejection. I've gained weight, lost weight, had a gang of cystic acne then it cleared, then I got it again, you get the point. I've also gone through periods of therapy and a few medical issues I needed sorting. 

All in all, it left me deflated. I ended up developing this consistent running anti-mantra in my mind every time I saw an attractive guy in public: *he's married or has a girlfriend, iceskatingjupiter, no way would he be interested in you.* Every time. No matter how illogical or off base it was. I basically developed a really toxic mindset about myself, that I wasn't good enough and there was no point to dating because no one could possibly want to date me. 

It was one of the lowest points in my life. With all of that, I started to work on myself a year ago and get healthy in my mind and body. Nevertheless, I kept wondering whether or not I was *actually ready* to date. I read a lot of advice on here to wait until you have a fulfilled life with hobbies and a good career outside of a relationship before even considering to date, and I internalized that advice. 

It's very sound advice, but I'm wanting to challenge that a bit in 2020. Things are very up in the air for me. I'm between careers, possibly going to grad school, still working on my mental health and everything in between. I agree that waiting to date if you're going through some severe troubles or toxic mindsets would be very helpful. However, I think it would also serve us all to not wait until we have our dream lives to date. You are absolutely enough. You can wait or you can date, it's up to you. As I've realized, my anxiety and depression, while currently moderate, is a lifelong battle. I may never be the weight or size I really want to be. My cystic acne could come back at any change in my diet or medication. These are things that are very hard to control, but I'm sick of waiting. I spent over a decade feeling shitty because of all these things. 

You're enough. You can always dip your toe in, see what's out there. If it's not for you, great. Take some time off, explore a little, stay cozy at home until you're ready again.