I think it's important to figure out why you want to date before you start dating
For the last couple months, I've made a half-assed attempt at dating. I think deep in my heart, I didn't actually want to date and knew that now is not a good time to date. I am already spending 80+ hrs working and studying a week, and there's just no way I can squeeze out time for dating. Recently in a moment of introspection, I realized that all the working plus studying in the last couple years have put me in a pretty bad place, mentally. I'm not depressed or anything, but I am absolutely burnt out. If I were a steak, I'd be well-done with a black crust. I realized that I wanted someone to date because I wanted someone for me to complain to and comfort me, but I also realized that I didn't have the time or the energy to reciprocate if my partner wanted the same from me. Also, since a lot of my friends are in a relationship, I felt pressured to do the same, but then I realized that while they work to live, I live to work. They're all pretty complacent with their careers (which is totally fine) while I'm more interested in gaining as much experience and making as much money as I can. Trying to date with my schedule would have been a disaster, and dating for the sole reason of not being left behind is pretty dumb. Thus, from the very beginning, my motivations to date were tainted.

What I really needed all this time was to find a way to relieve all the stress and do things that I enjoy. Thus, I started practicing yoga recently, and it's been rather incredible. It helped me with my hip pain that's been bothering me for the last year, and I felt very at peace at the end of each class. I'm also planning a trip to the UK, and my plan is to travel to two new countries per year. I've always wanted to travel the world, but I've been so busy in the last couple years that I haven't even left my home state (well except one trip to NYC for work). Essentially, I want to get to a place in life where I can get up every morning well-rested and content rather than scrambled and irritated. Only then do I think I'll be ready to date.

I think a lot of people view dating as a panacea to their problems in life, but this is almost certainly the wrong approach. Until you're in a good place in your own life, you're not really in a good place to date. Dating is give and take, and you cannot expect someone to care for your physical/emotional needs while you're in no place to provide either. If you're feeling stressed, lonely, angry, or anything negative, then that needs to be fixed first. Otherwise, people will see right through you and your problems, and most people don't want to handle that kind of baggage from the get-go. For example, in the past year, whenever I met someone new, I always found myself talking too much about my job to them because I was stressed and kinda turned a conversation into a personal therapy session. I was shocked when I realized that, and if I could see that, then others must have seen right through me. It's no wonder that I didn't make many lasting relationships in the last couple years. A lot of our misery comes from not being able to pinpoint our problems, and life isn't a romantic novel where a mysterious stranger transforms our lives from a shithole to Eden. If you are in a shithole right now, you have to figure out why you're there in the first place and then climb out on your own. Only then do we have a chance at Eden.