Please I need some advice
Hi reddit,

I am a student from Hong Kong. I am 13 and I am in need for $5000 because I really want to buy a new phone, specifically Huawei Mate 20 Pro, which actually costs $5988 at the moment but I'm sure I'll somehow the price will drop by the time I do have the money. First of all, I cannot sell my old phone because my parents said that it technically is their phone, because they bought it for me, and that they have authority over my phone. And I don't like that. I want a phone that really belongs to me. Secondly, I can't use my pocket money because to my parents it is for our-daughter-but-we-will-make-sure-she-doesn't-use-any-of-it purposes. I can't do something illegal because I am a mere piece of trash, and I don't want my future to be any trashier. I tried earning money online but obviously doing surveys for  Swagbucks can't really help and I cannot apply for any online jobs, or do any stock investments. I made a PayPal account only to find out that it can't help either. I am planning to sell my hair but then I am not Rapunzel so I don't think my hair will cost $5000. I can't mow lawns, or walk the neighbour's dog, and babysit someone's kid, put up a lemonade stand, tutor someone, because, well, it's impossible to see kids doing that in Hong Kong. And I don't even know my neighbours that well. I am a student with poor grades so I can't really help another person with their grades. I might do some music covers and post them on Youtube, add some ads, but then, ads are my pet peeves, I won't do that to others in order to earn money, and most of all, I sound like a frog when I sing. In conclusion, I am a talentless, worthless, and broke student who needs $5000 in 4 months. I can't stand using a phone that doesn't really belong to me. Please give me some ideas on how to earn money, like $5000 in 4 months, please. It's okay if you say something like "Duh! Kid, you're impossible." I'm used to it. Please just comment something. Thanks a lot. Have a great day.

From,

Jes