I feel so fucking lonely
Okay before writing this I'd like to tell you that everything I will tell here is totally true except some details I modified to not be doxed. If you don't trust me don't mention it just go away. I excuse myself because I don't speak english very well and because I don't really know reddit, just what people says about it but I've never gone here before. I am sorry if I don't post on the right subreddit, I'll probably flood.

My name is Pierre, I am a french boy. I am 15. I am very good at school with like 17/20 at every test, I have a girlfriend even she's ugly and I don't love her. I like programming, cybersec, philosophy, my PC. Following tests made IRL I do have moren than 149 IQ points, following internet tests and my own opinion I am an INTJ and I could be sadic and with antisocial troubles even if no one thinks it, evryone thinks I am just a kind of Einstein. If you see me IRL you'll just say "This guy is super intelligent and very introverted, maybe strange" 

IRL I do not really have friends, I've tryed before but they communicate as if communicating was the very purpose of their communication.

In fact, I don't really care about them and at best I ignore them, at worst they bother me. I point out that it is exactly the same for all members of my family. I use the internet a lot, especially the discords and 4chan. Even if it makes me laugh sometimes I find there also uninteresting people. Well, that was my little presentation: what I am, how I function socially.

The problem is that for about 4 weeks I have been crying every night at home for about an hour 20 to an hour 40 before sleeping.

I believe I have identified the cause of this shit: I believe that I feel alone. When I cry, I wonder why I am so different, why no one seems to suit me. I tried to sleep with my girlfriend in my arms but I wanted to physically hurt her (I already have sadistic behaviors during sex with her, she accepts it completely). For these few weeks, my sadistic impulses have intensified, I have developed a paranoia that comes periodically, I have become completely obsessed with cleanliness, I feel both empty and angry, I have done 3 episodes sleep paralysis.

I'm absolutely terrified, I tried to smoke weed to calm me down but it didn't do ANYTHING for me, usually in a situation of intense stress I do math and it ends up happening but there during the crisis c is absolutely impossible, I can't think.

This morning I heard a vox screaming in pain in my head, it passed quickly.

I am absolutely terrified, I do not know what is happening to me I am going to go crazy my state is getting worse and worse every day. With COVID 19, I will have to stay at home (I live in France) and I know that I will really become crazy without school to keep my mind occupied.

 I'm absolutely terrified, I don't know what's happening to me, I beg you HELP ME.