Suspended on Friday, probably will be terminated today and I can't even take one step
*Edited to add:* I am in California, just to give some context.


The past three days have been nothing short of a surreal nightmare, so I will try to keep this concise and coherent.  


I have worked for my company for 7 years and in my position as a manager for 3. The company and my location are very large with many employees and my role is part of HR. I am the only person who does my job at my location and I report to a Director (and subsequently, her Director) who have never done my job before and really don't know much about it. Others in the company with my same role get to report to a Senior person in our position who is obviously very clear on the job demands and routine. Because of my unique reporting structure, I have always felt isolated, confused by the priorities and goals established by my boss, and frustrated because of the time I must spend trying to explain to them how my counterparts do things so that I can achieve alignment with them. I conduct a great deal of training in my position so it is important that I am doing this in the same manner as the other trainers in other cities.  


While I am very confident with the training aspect of my job, I have always struggled with the reporting/administrative projects I'm forced to take on as they are far more lengthy than what I have time for in a normal week. I am completely burned out, regularly working 70-80 hour weeks, and having taken no time off except for the occasional 1 day of PTO every few months for the past two years. I also go in to work (90 minute commute) or work from home at least one day every weekend. I have tried to address my workload with my boss MANY times, but was always dismissed and made to feel like I was just inadequate (by her, or by her Director, who isn't a bad person, but is often harsh and condescending) and the result was constantly being late in submitting these projects. I did receive prior warnings about my performance, and was placed on an Improvement Plan (PIP) in January, but around the same time was forced to take on the responsibilities of one of the HR Reps who had recently left as well as completely overhaul one of my main reporting procedures. Not surprisingly, I fell behind again and I was suspended on Friday afternoon and sent home (literally in tears in front of trainees I had worked with all week, which was awful) and told to return late this afternoon for the results of the "investigation."  


The Director has made it quite clear that the investigation will certainly result in my termination. I do not plan to fight this decision because while I believe that my failure was due to burnout and the constraints my leaders placed on me, I cannot deny the actual performance offenses for which I was written up. The Director is very combative, and always finds a way to squash any concern I try to discuss. She passively warned me never to seek out a conversation with her superior (our GM) without her knowledge and to just relay any messages for him through her. While I know a lot of this is not right, there is literally nothing I can contest that she won't find a way to dispel. That being said, I acknowledge time management is a challenge for me (I have had ADHD for as long as I can remember, and while I am treated for it, it was never disclosed at work as this is usually discouraged by ADHD professionals) and in my three years in this position, I endured my mom's terminal cancer and eventual passing away, my husband's unemployment, my husband leaving me, and then having to move all of our stuff 30 miles to a cheaper apartment with no help. My bosses are aware of most of this (no details), and I took VERY little time off for any of these rough times and even managed to stay connected with work if I was off. And while they showed a shred of sympathy once or twice, they sent a clear message that I needed to keep those personal issues out of the workplace.  


I still have the opportunity to submit a statement for this investigation, and while I feel like I owe this to myself (and my future replacement) to finally document everything that led me to fail in a job I was perfectly qualified for, I also want to just make this separation as quick and painless as possible so I can maintain my reputation and move on with my life. On one hand, I am absolutely devastated about losing a job I truly loved and horrified about losing my income (my finances are NOT in order for this by any means) as well as the crushing devastation of having to explain a firing in interviews. But the other hand, I keep feeling this rush of relief because for so long, my life has been marked by misery and exhaustion that I never fully recovered from because of my work demands... so maybe a drastic change is what will finally get things to improve (I keep trying to ignore the latter feelings because I NEED to be more worried about being fired and un-hirable. I cannot afford a "mental break" and its affect on my finances and future career.)  


I know I would forever regret not making a sincere effort to try and save my job at this point by writing this statement, but ultimately, if they want me gone, I just want to accept it with as much dignity as possible. There are some people in the company who believe in me, and I would love the possibility to return someday to work with them. So I don't know which direction to go with the statement, or even where to start.  

**TL:DR - After three years of work overload, exhaustion, and endless stress from my leaders which destroyed both my performance and my self-esteem, I was suspended on Friday and facing likely termination. Despite the challenges, I loved my job and want to separate peacefully and possibly work for the company again someday. Should I finally expose these issues to defend myself or just keep quiet and move on? What should I put on my statement for the "investigation"?**