I was misled about the nature of the job I have now, and I’m trying to make a change. How can I avoid the same situation?
On paper, the job I have now is pretty much exactly what I thought I wanted to. I’m a death investigator for a county in the US, and I get paid well, I have good benefits, and I get to use my degree on a near daily basis. 

I‘ve been at this job for about a year, and the problem is I’m not getting the experience that’s expected for a year in this field. I have past experience as an autopsy assistant, so I’ve been diverted from my actual job position to fill a personnel shortage in autopsy. Pretty much from right after my start date I was told that I’d be working in autopsy for the foreseeable future and getting training in the investigation division when time allows (time very rarely allows). 

Everybody at my office seems to think there’s nothing weird or wrong about being hired for one job, and then having to do the duties of another. I’m getting paid more than an autopsy assistant would, but the reason I was so excited about this job is that it was a way for me to stop doing autopsies! They’re super interesting, but they’re physically and emotionally exhausting and I’m just tired of it. 

I’ve been applying to other positions, but there aren’t a lot of open death investigator positions around. When I have gotten to interview, the lack (I have done some, but I have to take overtime shifts to do them) of actual investigations I’ve done is a real detriment. 

I’m just exhausted with the situation I’m in and I want to leave. I have applications out for other agencies for similar positions but now I’m worried about the same situation happening... is there really any way to ensure i get to perform the functions for the job title I’m hired for when every job description now has the ‘other duties as assigned’ line thrown in? 

Also if anyone has any helpful ideas of different ways I can take my career, I’d be really grateful for your input. It seems sometimes like all the death related stuff on my resume makes people not want to involve me in their not-death related other business.