Underclassmen: STOP LURKING
I totally get it. You’re aiming high, you’re nervous, and you want to be prepared, but for your own sanity you need to stay off A2C until you’re a senior. 

Here are my reasons:

1) A2C will stress you out. It’s full of mostly overachievers who are stressed out about very minor flaws in their application. (No shade, love y’all) You’re going to get the same mindset if you spend too much time on here and start to look at things that are actually positives as negatives. (Ex: instead of being happy you got a 32 on the ACT, you’re sad you didn’t get higher)

2) Burnout. The college admissions process is LONG. I started Apps in August, and will be doing scholarship interviews in March. (Not to mention all the tours I did my Sophomore and Junior year.) It is simply a fact that you are going to get burnout. But ESPECIALLY if you try to start the college process too early. 

3) It’s irrelevant. Like there’s so many underclassmen on this sub, but the vast majority of the information is totally useless to you. A thread about college interviews? You’ll have forgotten it completely by this time next you. Decision date for a school you’re not interested in? So what?? Problem with college portal? They’ll have fixed that glitch by this time next year.

4) Enjoy Highschool. Yes, highschool sucks, but that’s the period of your life that you’re in now. If you spend so much time worrying about and planning for college, you’re not going to take advantage of all the experiences highschool has to offer. Don’t spend so much time dwelling on the future that you forget to live in the present.

So when should you start?

A good rule of thumb is to not start your own college admissions process until the class above you has finished theirs. My advice would be to wait until after AP exams before you devote too much time to it, to avoid burnout.

In the meantime:

- participate in extracurriculars that actually mean something to you
- tour some colleges to get an idea about what you want in a school
- take classes that interest you and challenge you
- try to make the most of your highschool experience (it will be over quicker than you think)

To conclude, it’s awesome that y’all are putting in effort and care about your future, but do not cause yourself stress worrying about things that are a long way off. Make the most of wherever you are right now.

Edit: A2C is obviously a great resource for upperclassmen. (I wouldn’t be on here if it wasn’t)