I almost died a year ago and now I’m about to graduate year early and go to college
March 26 2018 I was diagnosed with MDD aka major depressive disorder aka clinical depression. I was in student government, ap classes, had a awesome group of friends, and just came back from state for DECA. This diagnose came after me starting to skip school and not wanting to get up in the morning. Naturally I started therapy and would go once a week during lunch. April rolled around and my depression was progressively getting worse. It all came to a head when I wasn’t allowed to run for student government next year and that night, April 18th 2018 I overdosed on several different medications that belonged to my 89 year old great grandfather and mixed it with NyQuil. I laid backed and closed my eyes hoping to die in my sleep but then I had a dream where I died and everyone I knew wasn’t the same next thing I know I wake up in a hospital with my great-grandfather wiping his tears away and I knew what the universe was trying to tell me. So eventually I continue therapy and fail second semester of sophomore year because I knew school wasn’t for me. I spend the summer with friends and try and get back into the grove of things. Fast forward to October and for DECA there was a fall conference that I was really excited to go to and I knew would help put me on track. I was denied because my “penmanship showed I didn’t care.” I again felt so defeated and started skipping school. My friends wouldn’t try and be understanding this time and told me to get my shit together and drop me. My grades where dropping and I was just feeling like killing myself again. This time around I knew better so I started to have sex, drink, smoke, party to distract myself from the pain. I got stuck on a island (I live on the west side of WA), would come home @3am a lot, sneak guys who were 18+ and I was 16 at the time and would overall put myself into a lot of danger. During this rebellion I found this app called Yubo and for the next few months I made some amazing friends, got into a lot of drama, and this helped meet my social needs to a certain extent. Also during this time I switched to online school. I eventually was banned off Yubo because of “threatening behavior.” But the app is trash and toxic and only gave me a small group of people that I still talk to to this day. All of my “problems” seemed to go away once I deleted the app and the day after my 17th birthday I got myself a puppy. Now I’m going back to my seasonal job at Nordstrom and I’m only a few credits away from graduating high school a year early. I started off on the top, hit ROCK bottom TWICE, but with the help of therapy, support, Prozac, and honestly going through a rebellious stage I’m in a happy place in my life and it is all thanks to my ex-friends, and the two teachers who hated me for putting me on a path that will lead me to making 6 figures a year by the time in my mid 20’s debt free while they all are dealing with crippling debt<3. Just remember you have to start somewhere. This journey is gonna have some set backs, a lot of bumps in the road, but you will FIGURE THIS OUT AND BE HAPPY! I PROMISE💗