I need to vent about work.
I work 2 jobs, both in healthcare. One is just a one-day a week position where I'm basically just extra help for their crew, and the doctor there is an absolute nightmare. He's rude, hostile, dismissive and cold to the point of being inappropriate with the way he speaks to his crew sometimes, and the other is my full-time position that I love. I always figured that part of the reason boss #1 was so awful was because his crew was constantly quitting on him without notice, just not showing up for work anymore, but it quickly became apparent that he was the *reason* they were doing it. One of his longest-running people, and his most reliable and dedicated, finally quit on him last week and he *didn't even say goodbye to her* as she left. She'd worked for him for years, and had always been his right hand woman.

So the other day my brother, who is epileptic, had a moderate seizure that landed him in the hospital. He is going to be released tomorrow, and if I called out of my Sunday shift at my part time job today, it would be the one day I could really stay home and take care of him. I figured 3 days is a decent notice to call out of a very short shift, especially considering that the full-time crew there literally just doesn't show up for shifts or calls out of them at the last second all the time. 

I was wrong, apparently, because when I texted boss #1 and explained the situation, his attitude was *insane.* He said, in these words, "Well you're just going to have to figure something out then, aren't you? Unless you want to be taken off the schedule entirely, I'd better see you there on Sunday. I am now requiring a 4-week advance notice for anyone who wants to call out, and since you decided to wait until now, I'm not going to be able to allow it. The decision is yours."

I was stunned, and I said, "a full month's notice to call out because of a family emergency? That's a lot, especially as I'm just extra help for your crew. Is this some brand new rule that only applies to me or something?"

He responded with, "I'm not repeating myself. Find a way to get here Sunday or be removed from our schedule. I'm sure your brother will survive for 5 hours without you."

I was so angry and so hurt, since I didn't even HAVE to stay on with his crew after being hired to my new job, I'd only stuck around for the extra $50 a week and to help out, that I said, "Fine, take me off the schedule then. I can't promise I'll always be able to give you a full month's notice if my epileptic brother has an emergency."

He texted me back with a sarcastic thumbs-up emoji and a "Bye."

I have never in my life been spoken to like this by a supervisor, especially since I was always extremely reliable, helpful and accommodating even though he didn't deserve it. I needed to vent, thanks for letting me get this out.