How to communicate to my boss diplomatically that I feel demoralized?
I guess I’ll flair this as discipline, because it’s a masked punishment. Not to mention, it makes me feel like a child; I work my butt off for this company and cry weekly. For instance, I put in 60 hours one week LEADING a convention and have helped to win us two military bids by catching errors in final print which our proposal team missed.  This treatment, and feeling burnt out, is the main reason I’m jumping ship to go teach English abroad, but that’s a different story. 

4.5 months ago (can check post history), there were some major family issues I had to deal with. This, in turn, affected my productivity at the office. While I was not put on a PIP, I was asked to begin documenting my tasks and hours spent on them, and sending them to my boss. She maintains that it is to help me become better at my job with project and time management. I maintain that it is trying to mold my work style to fit something she can control. 

This requires me to be meticulous and track every hour - one day, I sent them a time log with only 7.25 hours recorded and said, “hey, I don’t know where the time actually belongs, I’ve been in the office for 8.5 hours and I’m sure it was used to send emails etc.”

I then received an email that “all 8 hours need to be recorded and I’ve also heard that using your phone at your desk is still a problem” (not saying it’s 100% ok to be on the phone in the office, but I take 5 minute breaks to clear my mind; my coworker spies on me and reports my actions, also if I talk to other coworkers ‘too much’).  Side note, you will be billed for all my hours I am in the office, minus lunch, even if I’m getting a coffee or going to the bathroom. Period.

Well, it’s been 4 months of this. My boss has been on maternity leave for the last two but I have to keep submitting them to my spying coworker. I want to breach the subject of no longer doing these - it’s so demoralizing and I just dread coming into the office. Further, if I work on 3 things at once, sometimes it’s 5 minutes here, 15 there, then back to a different project. It’s wasting more time for me to write down every movement than .... I don’t know.

I feel burnt out. Sad. Can’t get my thoughts together. I just don’t want to do these lists anymore. I’ve thought about just refusing but I can’t until I have a solidified back up plan. And that’s anywhere from 2 weeks to 7 months away. 

Help?