Lots of negative glassdoor reviews, should I be concerned? Has anyone had a positive experience with a company with a lot of bad reviews?
They all cite similar things, sound like different people, and HR has clearly put up one or two positive reviews but it's overall negative. Like, one star reviews negative. It's weird to me because you think HR would put up more fake reviews. However despite this, I already went to the training and recently started this job. 

I'm thinking a few things. I think a lot of what these people are saying is *true* but that doesn't really mean it's a bad company if that makes sense. As in, this is a retail-type position so there's inherently always going to be a lot of negative reviews right? On top of that this company only recently entered the market in my country so there's going to be some growing pains in terms of management and organizational structure. I'm wondering if these reviews might be a mix of lack of voice from the positive employee experiences (because they're newer) and maybe fake reviews from competitors astroturfing mixed in because they're a threat to their market. I know they might mostly be real reviews but I'm hoping it's mainly lot of people who just weren't suited for retail. Like I've worked at McDonald's and some other retail stores and it's not as bad as a lot of my coworkers would complain about it. It seems like some people are just not cut out for retail and retail nets a lot of people who are likely to have a bad experience. Sometimes the work experience can be really dependent on the specific team too. I just looked up one of the companies I've recently worked for and it has a much higher rating than I'd expect judging on how rough the store was (it's probably the only retail experience where I genuinely thought it was bad). I might just be doing a bunch of mental gymnastics though here to justify my choice to work here.

I'm just kind of scared and looking for advice or positive experiences if anyone has any to share. It's my first time working in the role I have and there's more responsibility on me than I've had in previous jobs. It's very attractive in terms of benefits and pay, and I think it'll look good on my resume due to the title although it's not at all related to my degree. I just wanted a stable job like this because I've been unemployed for months. There's so many negative reviews online but the team we have seems to be alright. Yes, there is almost constantly work that needs to be done and the hours are crazy right now but it's not *a bunch of one star reviews* bad imo. Then again I've only been here for less than a week. What do you think? Do you think I'm deluding myself or there's some truth to what I'm saying? Any experiences thriving from demanding retail jobs that looked less than attractive after college?