Have you ever dated a Kronk?
There's a certain type of guy I [29F] have run into multiple times.  Oh, yeah, He has the enthusiasm; he has the strong build; he will take the initiative,  but darn, if he doesn't remind you of Kronk from Emperor's New Groove.

This one guy I met in person (but hadn't spoken much with then) just is not a quick-witted man, and I love quick-wittedness in a guy. I hadn't really texted with him much until yesterday, and my lord, like walking through mud.  I'm more of a goofy person/texter and love the same.  I came up with a plan of something to do that was more light-hearted and would give us a chance to talk. Planless before,  he all of a sudden wanted to go somewhere else to a loud club.

As of now, I'm pretty sure he thinks I'm going with him to this club this weekend although I did not agree and no plans were specified. I'll be at a dance class instead. 

What is up with these dudes though? Lack of social skills? This guy is in a career that requires a high level of intelligence, so he has to have some level of smartness. All I know is that I feel exhausted after just one day of talking to this recent dude, and I'm going to do a catch and release here. 

EDIT: All right, so a summary here. I grew up homeschooled in an abusive home with no access to the outside world (censored). I can see how it looks like I'm ragging on the dude,  but as I often tell my counselor, I feel like I didn't see many different models of human behavior.  When I see something I don't understand, I want to know *why?*

Thank all of you for your responses.  It helped me better understand some things. 


1) I was kind of emotionally exhausted after texting him and couldn't figure out why. Realized it was because he was marching all over my suggested plans (after he did not suggest any plans) and was demanding only his way. At first, I thought he was just awkward but then he got kind of obtuse.


2) He texted me some other things that made me feel like he was nervous and covering for his nerves by being really macho and controlling.


3) A surprising number of you are really fixated on the fact that he probably has sex despite his lack of social skills....which is kind of odd to bring up; is incels leaking?



Anyway, thank you for those who did provide constructive feedback.