Worried about my lonely widowed mother.
My mother was widowed 5 years ago and lives alone in a small town on the other side of the country. My brother lives in the same town - on the same street even - but has little to do with her as he is quite self-centred and only associates with high status people, which my mother is not. I live where I do for medical reasons, there is a treatment here for my condition that is not available elsewhere in the country.

I try to visit her regularly and invite her to my city to visit me, which she sometimes accepts. I took all of August to go home and spend with her, she came to my city for a week in November, which I also took off work, and I took another week off over Christmas to to see her again. She pays for my travel to come see her as it's very far and very expensive, so travel costs are not an issue. 

But I cannot keep taking time off work. Luckily my job is unconventional and therefore more flexible, and my boss is very understanding, but I feel like I'm starting to push it. I'm finally in my 30s getting into a career path that I love, after many years of small jobs (so I could spend the summer back home to be with family). 

She does not seem to understand this - though i have explained it multiple times - and keeps making plans for "us" to go travelling to India, the Bahamas, etc, which I then have to tell her I can't go on. She says i can quit my job. She used to travel a lot with my father and now she has no one, and it's so sad. She also will only travel to resorts and by cruise, which I detest (but that's an aside). 

Very much a First World Problem and I feel stupid even writing it out. But yesterday she just sent me yet another invitation for a week long trip in February - I had to tell her *again* that I cannot just take random weeks off and go. She is disappointed and hurt. I don't know what to say.

She's in her 70s and I'm afraid I will look back on this time with regret for not spending more time with her. But at what point can I make plans for what I want for my life?