I'm VERY conflicted right now.
 I've been on and off about this situation. I would like to say I might be depressed by self diagnosis. I feel numb and nothing seems to really make me feel alive. Everything seems pointless and I've come to an all time low where I think about committing suicide. Not to end the pain or anything like that, I just don't see a point in living. I have no friends accept one, and I think I might love her, thing is it's not as easy as just telling her this. I have no future and I think I'm not smart enough to make it in life. I feel I will always be dependent on people. 

Let me start off by explaining my situation with friends. I have none. At least not the type that share a mutual feeling of companionship. I'm more of a tool, an object. An emotional punching bag so they can get their stress out. What gets me is I'm a pushover, I want to help people with things, I want to listen. I know some people say that its bad to be the nice guy, but I think that as long as someone is being good, then it makes up for others right? 

Onto my problem with my best friend. I know I said I don't have any friends, but let me make this clear, she will be moving soon. She does not go to my school, and she is also dating someone in the states ( We are in Germany ). I love her. Not out of lust or the sick idea of ownership, but it's just simple companionship. She makes me so happy and I feel alive when I'm with her. I know it sounds corny, but its true, for those brief moments the world isn't as bleak as I thought it was.

 Now onto why I'm upset. I know I will never be with her. She has a boyfriend in the states, and I think they are happy together. I on the otherhand am not very attractive. Along with this, I think she may look down upon me, but I don't know that yet. Honestly, I don't want to find out that this friendship is skewed. One of the ways I see it is that she feels like I am inferior to her, hence why she has to put me down sometimes. It's not in an aggressive way, just the way most firned spick on each other, the thing is, I don't pick on her, and I do my best to encourage her. One example is when she helps me cook. I have her prep things, and I know she isn;t used to it, so I try to help her. I don't chastise her and make fun of her for it.

Gah the whole thing is getting me confused because I want to see it from every angle and I'm trying to approach this open mindedly, but fuck. I hate this shit. I hate everything about me and I hate how I will probably be alone for the rest of my life and THEN I hate how when I take a step back and look at myself, I just look like a whiny little teenage shit and that anyone with a right mind would tell me to shut up and get over it.