SA grad student looking for a little input from current professionals
Hey all! So excited I found this subreddit...typed in r/studentaffairs expecting "page not found" to pop up, so presently surprised :)

I'm a 2nd year SA/HE grad student at a small university in WV and am currently taking Governance as one of my classes.  Our main project for this class is (in groups) to create our own university.  This involves everything from naming and mission statement to budget and assessment.   I'm hoping that some people might not mind sharing some information about their schools with me so I can get a good idea of what other institutions do?  Feel free to PM if you don't want it out here.  

I've googled a lot of schools and read a lot of websites, but a lot of times it can be difficult to find what I want.  My part of the project is: resource/budget, administration/staffing, campus culture/environment, and assessment.  We also cover goals/strategic planning, org governance, student affairs division (support offered, services available, etc.).  Basically everything within a university, but with a specific look at student affairs (since that's what our program is based on).  

Our created school is a 4 year, public, D1 institution located in Delaware with about 4,000 undergrad and 1,200 grad students.  I'm looking for information about all types of schools though!  Do you have a cool organization structure in your department?  Do you have a unique fundraising idea that your school implements?  Do you have any unique assessment tools that you use? Basically anything at all you want to share about your institution would be greatly appreciated. 

Obviously I am doing additional research with this and will be further looking into everything you say, so don't think I'm just trying to have someone do the work for me haha.  It's just that there's so many different colleges and universities out there that I figured a good way to narrow it down a bit and see some cool ideas/suggestions would be to ask Reddit :)