The right person will want to spend time with you!
So over the last year I've been single and online dating. I've gone on a ton of dates with different guys and I've broken things off for one reason or another with each one. There have been a few guys I really liked but they would only want to see me like once a week or two and barely text in-between dates. Trying not to come off as a crazy lady, I would always write this off as the guy being busy and try to play it cool and pull back on the texting/match their texting and pretend not to care that we only saw each other once every two weeks even if we lived 5 minutes from each other. If I brought seeing each other more often up they would just say they were too busy and didn't have time but wanted to continue dating and see where it would go. Eventually I'd jump ship because I'm too needy for that and could see it going nowhere!

People, do not fall into this crap!! Don't stay with someone who doesn't know what they want if you know what you want. If they don't text you and show interest and want to see you often, they aren't interested!! Every guy I broke it off with that only wanted to see me every other week wasn't upset in the slightest that I broke it off... Even the busiest people can make time for someone they're seriously interested in.

Anyways, I met someone who lives 2 hours away about a month ago. He has literally driven out to stay with me every weekend since our first date. (Reason being he just graduated from college and is still living with his parents so I can't stay over with him.) He sees me for 2-3 days a week despite the distance even though we aren't officially dating yet. He also talks about making it official and me meeting his family. I've also met his friends!! Even if we don't end up together forever, I know going forward I don't want to waste time with people who don't treat me like this. You shouldn't either!

The things I think about when I drink and watch Netflix at home on a Thursday night LOL