What do I do if my boss offers me a new position with no raise but says that I'd be forced to resign if I refuse?
Backstory:

I've been with this non profit organization for the last 2 years. I started as an Office Assistant but took on more duties that involved help in the administrative team. My duties evolved to the point that they decided to create a new title for me: Operations Specialist. This involves, IT support, systems management, Contact Resource Management, training new-hires, new hire paperwork, creating flyers and promotional materials for events, direct supervision of office assistant, compiling and reporting on data to our funders and contractors etc.

Today:

I was told this morning that they are going to move our current Office Manager to a different position and have me absorb her duties and her title. This means that, in addition to (most of) my current duties, I will be doing payroll, assisting in human resources, accounts payable, direct support for management, overseeing office supply inventory, answering all incoming phone calls, overseeing our incoming and outgoing mail, responding to our info@ emails, and be the contact person for all office staff for sick days and time off requests.

I asked what the new pay was going to be. I was told that I am already in the middle range of the new position so she wouldn't consider a pay raise discussion until 3 months. I asked if she would be flexible on that at all and was told that it's not in the budget at the moment and, because I will have to learn quickbooks, I don't have all of the job skills required yet anyway.

I asked what would happen if I decide the new position is not for me. I was told " If you decided that it wasn't for you then I guess you are resigning.  We don't have any other positions open. "

I have two questions: Can I get unemployment if I don't want the job? Have they done something wrong to me? I can't really figure it out. All I know is that I feel really hurt and don't feel like working here any more but can't seem to work out what specifically is making me feel that way. Any perspective you can provide would be most welcome. Thanks.

&#x200B;

Edit:

Also, is it considered a resignation if I'm being forced to quit because I feel unqualified and unable to absorb another person's 30 hour work week into my 40 hour a week job?