I am a 29 year old male who has autism, never had a job and gets rejected for everyone I apply to and is looking at being homeless so could you please help me?
Up until this week I had lived at the same house my entire life and I had to leave because my grandma sold it. She is letting me sleep on her floor until September 1st when she moves to a new city. I can't get an apartment because i have no proof of employment and I have no savings. My grandma bought me a storage unit but its $108 a month and I can't pay for August. 

We tried getting me on disability but the lawyer wouldn't take my case because they said its hard to win because I am high functioning and did well in college despite the math issues. I couldnt find a job from the ages of 18-23 so I spent the last 6 years taking out loans for an English degree because I wanted to write fiction novels for a living. I now owe 45k in debt and I cant pass that degree because it requires me to pass a math class and I have failed 7 or 8 math classes. 

I have ptsd from a sexual assault at a psych facility so I am really jumpy and squeamish when I am physically touched. And I have a lot of wierd things about me. I really suck at talking with people and communication but I try. I just cant look at people in the eyes and I stumble over words.  I don't have any job skills outside of being a part time handyman assistant and moving karaoke equipment. I have only one good reference.

Im terrified right now. Im absolutely devastated over the loss of my home and its brought back all these memories of my dead relatives. I am getting treatment at a mental health clinic and they did get me in the system for affordable housing but even if I get it it wont be until 2-3 months down the line at best and I would have to pay money for it which I dont have. 

I need help please help me. Im scared of being on the street and losing all my stuff and being homeless forever and never getting to live my dreams.

UPDATE_ August 19th 2019

Hey everyone I couldn't possibly respond to all of your offers from help. I am starting my new job this week and I am thrilled. Im going to start looking for an apartment today. Thank you so much for the help.