My relationship came to an end today.
A few days ago I posted here about how I wasn't sure about my relationship anymore. I was with my girlfriend for 2 years and a few months. The passion wasn't there anymore and there had been a strong disconnect between us recently. I loved her though and she was the biggest part of my life. 

Today she took it upon herself to end things. In all honesty I was prepared for this for like a week just waiting for her to speak up. She had been slowly moving her things out of my house that she kept there for awhile to her place and was essentially erasing all traces of her ever being there little by little.

She started our day by texting me the infamous "We need to talk". I already knew what was about to happen. So I drove up to her place and was ready to settle the matter in her driveway but she insists we drive to a park all the way across town. I'm thinking "Seriously?" 

So we get all the way there and I ask her to just be out with it. I was ready to just rip the band-aid off because I'm not the type to want to sit there and drown in our collective sorrow. She began to cry and told me she couldn't do this anymore. She said she loved me but wasn't *IN* love with me. So I figured that was that. The band-aid had come off and I was ready to bring her home for the last time. That's when she started adding some insult to injury about telling me that I have no drive to be successful and that I was dead weight dragging her behind.  

I thought this break up was going to be a quick and clean mutual agreement for a healthy break. Turned out to be a few stabs at me with salt rubbed in the wounds. It was a highly emotional moment for us both so I wasn't about to pull out my arsenal of ways to crush *her* feelings as well. I decided to stick to ripping the band-aid off. She was still sobbing heavily and I knew it was hard on her so I drove us through the nearest drive-thru at Mcdonalds and bought her a large sweet tea and drove her back home. I made sure she had all her things and told her "See you." as she exited my car. 

Alongside my mild sadness I feel a bit relieved that I'm back to being single. However, I feel more lost than I have ever been. I don't know how to begin this next era in my life or even how to effectively enjoy being alone after being in such a serious relationship the past couple of years.