Ex-employer refusing my w-2 as "punishment" for quiting
As the title says. Worked for a(nother) Subway for most of last year. They constantly would leave me to close the store alone, which was located in a high crime area of [major city]. It was more than a few times that either the place was robbed, or there was someone suspicious hanging around trying to catch me when I left the place after closing. I once had someone try to follow me from the store, presumably because they were too dumb to understand than I'm not a manager and don't have any money for them to to steal. Had to cut through a couple of dark alleys and someone's backyard in order to ditch then before heading down my own street and to my building.

Would normally have to work 12pm-10pm. They'd have someone else work with me 2pm-8pm. Of course, before I took the job, I specifically asked if they world have a minimum of 2 people on until closer, which I was assured they would. LMFAO, right. That was the first thing to not happen. Then, the night time person (younger sister of the manager, who in turn was the wife of the owner of all the local Subways) would leave at 7pm. Then 6pm. Then world not show up until 3om. Then 4pm. I think you're seeing how this is going. So, SO many times I complained that I didn't want to get shot by dinner scumbag so they could rob my empty wallet. Oh, and you'll live this, they demanded that I absolutely not call the cops if/when the place gets robbed. Why? Who knows.

Anyway, I finally got fed up. One day, when it was particularly slammed, with me by myself, customers yelling at me, threatening me, etc, it came to about 5:30pm with no one showing up. A customer starts yelling at me about shit in the floor. Not trash, not food; literal shit. Human feces. Some guy went into the bathroom, threw shit everywhere, smeared it all over the toilet, on the walls, stomped it all over the floor, ask over the door and door handle, and then tracked it all over the floor through the restaurant. I said fuck it, got a chair and sat down behind the counter and tried to serve anyone else. Didn't take 5 minutes before I got a call saying they could see me on the cameras and wtf am I doing, etc. Another 10 minutes, and the manager magically asked up, her sister (who should have been there hours ago) in tow. I said nothing. I stood up, I walked out.

Fast forward to now. First week of February, I'm waiting on my w-2. I normally have my taxes ready to go, ready to be e-filed the day the IRS starts accepting returns. No w2 is showing up. Got 3 others weeks ago, from the other places I worked. I really, REALLY didn't want to have to contact these people, but what choice did I have, I want my damn refund. Call them up, ask when I can expect a w2. The answer? Never. They're not going to send me my w2. Apparently they have no intention of sending it because I "treated then poorly" and "dunt deserve a payment" or some bullshit. IDK, it's not easy understanding wtf this guy is saying with his Indian accent over his shitty quality phone line. But I figure it's pretty clear what the intention is.

So of course I had to use a 4852, which means I have to file by mail. Which in turn means I have to take time away from sleeping (I now work 3rd shift) to walk in the rain to staples in order to print out my returns, and the 4852s, and manner copies of paystubs. Then figure out how the hell that's all supposed to go together, waste more time and energy going back and forth, then to a post office to mail the damn things.  Not to mention the fact that I world have gotten my refunds in a couple of weeks, bit instead it will take who the hell knows how long. Blah blah blah.

And of course, there will no consequences for this guy, because of course not. This is someone who passes health inspections with cash payments. 

Well, that's my rant. My completely useless, unnecessary rant. Maybe when I get out of work tomorrow morning I'll have a new post, with actual descriptions of things that need to actually get done, and a request for actual advice on how to do it. You'll love that one, as it's about how to get a apartment when apartments cost twice your monthly wages and the people renting out the apartments want you to make per month, 4-5 times the rent they are charging.


Edit*  So just added info. As I've mentioned, I've already sent my tax return by mail, so I honestly don't care at this point whether I actually get the w-2 or not. If I get one eventually, and the numbers differ from what I reported on the 4852, I'll file an amended return. I've already been through this whole process a few years ago, for yet another Subway of all places that never provided a w-2. For that one, I went to work one afternoon only to find the store closed and locked. The owner wouldn't answer his phone, and that was just... that. The store never opened again and I never heard from the guy. Never even got my last paystub. I had to use my paystub from the week before, plus the direct deposit amount of my last check (so my net pay), then take that use that info and the payroll calculator on the ADP website to reverse engineer the gross pay and then the tax deduction that would have appeared on my last pay stub. Used that info to file, and yes, reported the missing w-2 to the IRS. I eventually received a w-2 in the mail, in friggin June. Had to file an amended return and ended up getting an extra $20 or so refund.

As for calling this person or that department, and report here there and everywhere: honestly, that's not going to happen. I have pretty severe social anxiety, among other things, and will go to great lengths to NOT make phone calls, or be put into situations where I have to deal with people. Just posting in public forums like reddit is honestly terrifying an fairly stressful(though yes, I do it anyway, as a mild form of attempted self-treatment, as and when I can manage. Better than many of the alternatives). On top of that, c'mon. My post was about working for Subway. It should be pretty obvious I'm dirt poor and have much more immediate things to worry about than how to get old employers in trouble. It's been 5 or 6 months since I've worked there. I've had a number a much worse things happen in the last 6 months that I've had to deal with, I just can't be bothered dedicating any more mental energy to Subway, beyond writing up a quick post just to rant about all the BS. 

So yeah, this was just a rant. A way to vent. And by the look of the comments, I'm certainly not the only one. Hopefully other people in the same situation, maybe someone with more energy and less beaten down than I am, can use some of the advice in the comments.