I really dislike positivism as a way to try to help me with my depression.
I meant to say positive thinking because positivism is a philosophical concept. My bad.

I may be a cynic and that's why but I do feel like, instead of helping, positive thinking makes me feel like an incompetent person, like I'm being talked down by the superior other that is going to come down to tell me the universal answers. It sounds like the one doing the positive talk is patronizing me. Is not that I'm the one who has "low self esteem", it definitely sounds like you are the one with "superior complex" and or humble brag. *"It's so easy to to be happy, just do what I do, it worked wonders for me, how can you not be happy with what you have? I care about you, you are so strong (smiley face thumbs up  heart kitty)"*. Ugh... It's like baby talk. It's condescending.

I would prefer to talk without pink filters. Trying to think that *"everything will be ok"*, *"don't worry, you have people that loves you"*. No, it won't be ok, it will suck ass and i will have to confront it one way or another anyways and trying to color it doesn't help me prepare for it. I prefer to grab that sadness and anger and use it in a productive way instead of trying to cover my eyes and go to my happy place ignoring and avoiding everything that I cannot change thinking that tomorrow will be a happier day, watching the beauty of the world around me. That only works so much and doesn't solve anything. 

Sometimes saying "you know what, yeah, it fucking sucks and there might not be a solution to it" it's much better because I can stop focusing on it and start trying other things. Sometimes a smack on the face on someone that is being a dick to you is what is needed to stop certain situations. Let me lash out at the world and let others know that something might be wrong with it and it won't get better unless it changes too.

I would prefer not avoid not to hurt the other with my words or my supposed toxic behavior because I can't see the bright side, censoring myself and what I actually think every five minutes to try to keep things going and make the other not feel offended.

All I'm saying is I hate positive thinking. It's useless for me.