Everyone tense about admissions, read this
I suck at school.

When I was younger, I used to play video games a lot and I used to half-ass my homework just so I could jump on with my friends. I was never a hardcore or late night gamer, but it was better than math homework.

Middle school, I stopped playing, but for some reason, I still half-assed my homework because I felt like I was going to go play video games. For the next few years, I did the same. I always thought I had something better to do. I didn’t particularly like school, but I didn’t hate it either. Around the B or C student.

In high school, I still didn’t do anything interesting, but I was still in that mindset that I had something  better to do than homework. I was never busy, I just wanted to get done with it. This messed me up sophomore year, where I failed my math class, chemistry, and European history class, and passing two other classes with a B.

That summer, I retook chemistry. Made zero sense, but got satisfactory grades and burned all those papers. Last school year, I retook math. I was going to be the only junior in a freshman/sophomore class. The first day, I sat in the corner of the room and didn’t talk to anyone. Eventually, the three girls around me found out, and they were cool with it. They knew I was good at other stuff, but just not at math. Got out with an A- both semesters.

PSAT was 970. First attempt at SAT was 1060, second attempt was 1140. ACT was 22.

That following summer, I retook history, A in both semesters. Well, what does any of this have to do with anything?

Although it sounds bad, I’m happy I failed those classes. Sure, my parents were pissed, but I’m happy where I currently am, and you will be too soon. Knowing my GPA, I didn’t even bother applying to any UC’s (I live in Southern California), but instead bulked up on calstates. I thought I’m never going to get in. I thought my grades aren’t the A’s colleges expect, my 3.8GPA sibling had a hard enough time getting into UC’s, and here I was with a 2.4.

Today, I got my first acceptance. Sacramento State. My friends were getting early admissions, I was in this super tense moment. It’s like I was telling myself I’ll get in somewhere, yet knowing I wasn’t going to get anywhere cause I don’t have the hottest academic record. I thought it’s the end of the world. I’m going to end up going to a nearby community college, never have time to hang out with friends cause I’d be commuting, and then have my parents on my butt all year.

Your acceptance letter is coming. Your future is coming soon, and you’re going to love it when it comes. It may not be your number #1, it may even be a school you didn’t look TOO much into. Just know that whatever comes, whether it is your #1 or your #22, you have a plan. You are going somewhere. It may not be where you want to be, like me in my math class. But you will start a new life, with new people. When you’re out and about in the world in a decade’s time, NO ONE will ask you what you got on your SAT, or your AP Chemistry test, or that tough unit test in spanish.

Remember, water boils the same whichever college you go to. Whether you go to UC Berkeley or a nearby community college, you will be successful. Sure, Berkeley may be a big leap and community college may be a small leap, but you’re getting to where you want to be — just at a slower rate. The path to success isn’t a straight line. There’s lots of bumps, lots of turbulence, and lots of tough waves.

Hold tight. Your acceptance letter is on it’s way. If not today, then tomorrow. Tell yourself that every single day. One day, you’ll come home and open up your email. That email will say:

“It is my pleasure to offer you admission to ________________ for the Fall 2020 semester.”