I'm not getting enough done.
I'm not in this sub to wave my e-dick around, but this is all relevant to where I'm at, and what's bothering me: I'm 21 years old, have an engaging, and reasonably well-paying (Almost 40K/year) job. My co-workers are absolute fucking geniuses, and I learn new things every day relevant to a field I could see myself pursuing a career in. There's probably good growth for me here if I want to stick around.

I go to the gym 4 times a week, and have recently started seeing "real" results. This fills me with pride that is hard to compare to anything I've felt before in my life. Like every other redditor in the world, I think I'm a pretty sharp dude, but have a bit of trouble applying myself. I feel like I've gotten to where I am by doing nothing but making the obvious choices, and "showing up". I don't feel like any of it is a real accomplishment, because it all sort of just fell into my lap. I'm somewhat good with words, and presenting myself in a positive light, so I usually ace interviews, but other than that I just arrive on time, and do my job well. I'll go the extra mile if a manager will notice, but I'm not the guy who is working overtime for the sake of making a deadline a week early.

I have passions, and hobbies. I get paid to play music at a local venue on the weekends. I've been doing swing dancing for a few years, and I'm pretty cool with the guys down at the local bar.

I have a small, but rock solid group of friends who have my back on nearly anything, no questions asked.

In comparison to a good amount of people my age, I'm doing great. I have friends who are still pumping minimum wage at McDonalds, so they can afford their drug habits. I have friends who just graduated college, and are now deep in debt, and unable to find a job. On paper, I'm doing "better" than they are. I am setting the groundwork to lead a prosperous, successful life.

I always come back to the same question, though: Is it enough? It's hard to find any answer other than ominous, sigh-accompanied "No.". I feel like I'm a big fish in a small pond. Is my success only valid because the bar is so low? Why am I not doing more? Tonight isn't gym night. I'll probably go home, cook dinner read for a little, play videogames for an hour or so, then hit the hay, so I can wake up well-rested for my challenging job. Why? Why am I not using that time to take those college classes I've been putting off forever? Ah... Because then I would have no social life, and I can't waste my twenties ONLY doing productive things, because then I might look back at these years with regret.

College comes to mind as well. I've never been. Steve Jobs never went though, right? Neither did Bill Gates (Or at least I read that on the internet, and decided not to research it because it makes me feel less insecure about the whole thing). I genuinely think that with my job experience (Been working since I turned 14. 3 years at my first job, little bit of management experience. SOLID Resume for someone my age, other than my lack of college), I could probably find a nice comfy spot making a good wage, and live the standard happy life. Hell, maybe I could even be an entrepreneur! I'm a pretty smart dude. With all that said, I still worry about it almost every day. What if I need that diploma to get where I want to go, and I'm "wasting" a small portion of my free time for the sake of base pleasure. Alternatively, what if I don't need it, and I waste years of valuable time, and money, to get it?

Anyway, I'm not here looking for answers, because I guess it all comes back to opinion, and figuring out what's important to you. I'm here because I'm sure I'm not the only one who has been where I am right now, and It'd be killer to hear some feedback, or just another viewpoint on the whole thing. Thanks.