[26M] Was told "let's stay friends", replied with politely explaining why this cannot work & stopped talking. After a few days, even though she [23F] understood, she contacted me, requesting 2nd date. Wat do?
Hey reddit!

I've gotten quite confused regarding this girl \[23F\] I've dated recently. I'm partially looking to vent, and partially looking for the opinion of internet strangers, as I deem I cannot see clearly as of now.

For some background, we're living 3 hours apart, but we both frequent each others' city and we both were even before we started dating. We've started talking \~a month ago, talked a lot through phone & texting, and had a date a week ago.

I felt the date was a success, we connected really well, both of us were chill, no signs of that typical "first date stress" at all. We also had sex both in the evening and in the morning, which leads me to think that she is attracted as well.

That's where it gets confusing, as I got the "let's stay friends" card from her in a few days. Unfortunately, I'm used to this, I might be too much of a NiceGuy ™, but this is a separate topic. However, this shocked me this time, as I genuinely thought we had a great time, and even before the date, both of us were very clear about that we are looking for something serious.

I've told her in a very polite, yet direct way that I'm not interested in being friends and that we should stop talking to avoid being hurt. Mainly my way of crawling back to my cave, when things go south.

At this point, obviously, I still could not fully understand what went wrong, but thinking that we've discussed this all, I've closed this with simply telling myself "Not at the right time/right place"

Not even 2 days go by, I get a text from her saying she is confused, missing me and cannot understand her feelings and wants to meet to talk about this, to "find some other solution".

How would you decipher this? Is she being pushy on staying friends? Am I misleading myself for believing that this is her way of stating she "changed her mind?"

I've agreed to meet up and to continue talking (possibly only until the date), but we could not find a closer date than \~2 weeks from now to meet up, which really sucks, as I'm honestly afraid of getting hurt once again in a situation like this... on the other hand, I'm also afraid of wasting an opportunity due to being afraid of getting hurt...

Any ideas/advices?