I got arrested buying drugs off the darknet that I intended to kill myself with via overdose and now I am facing a felony and 5-8 years in prison. Whats the point in continuing on?
I have been depressed for a third of my life (the last 10 years).  I have attempted suicide by overdose (opiates, benzos and alcohol) 3 times in the last 4 years.  The first time I woke up the next day and continued on like nothing happened.  The second time my parents found me and EMT s were able to narcan and resuscitate me.  The third time I overdid it on a benzo analogue with not enough alcohol or opiates to stop my breathing and ended up coming to 7 days later.  I don't know if I was unconscious for those 7 days or what but I was incredibly week, dehydrated and disoriented.  That was almost a year and a half ago.  Every time I survive I try to give life another shot and every year I find myself worse and worse off.  I know I am incredibly lucky but I wish I succeeded the first time and someone more deserving survived their suicide.  I feel like I am in the movie office space, everyday feels like the worst day of my life.

I don't want to go into the exact details of what led up to me ordering off the darknet this time.  My life had continued to deteriorate and I had gotten to a point where I could barely take care of myself.  I stopped going to school after a number of small failures caused me to get discouraged.  I lived in my apartment, only going out to get groceries, go hiking and snowboarding.  I asked my parents to take care of my dog because I loved him too much and he deserved better care than what I could offer at the time. 

Its not that my life is necessarily terrible, well at this point it pretty much is, I had a wonderful childhood and was blessed to have my own place to go to college and be able to hike and snowboard.  Its that I have so much self hate and zero confidence and feel like I don't deserve what I have been given.  I am terrified of failing so I take very few chances and unfortunately even when I feel confident enough to take a chance I end up failing which brings me down further.  I feel like my life peaked after high school, not that it was amazing or anything but to this day it is my greatest achievement, I graduated with full IB, honers and a 4.11.  Unfortunately when I first went to college I had a series of events/failures that destroyed my self confidence.

Anyways back to earlier this year.  This was going to be my 3rd attempt at finishing my degree and I had failed again.  I have been lonely and single for 3 years, my last girlfriend cheated on me, and this Christmas my work at the last moment made me stay home so I spent my very first Christmas completely alone while my family all spent the holidays out of state.  Things were going downhill and again I was getting more and more depressed.  I started getting out to go hiking and snowboarding less and less as it became difficult to even get out of bed and make sure I had food to eat.  At this point had lost my job, my friends were sick of hanging out with me because I was too negative.  I felt like I was only living for my parents but even they were sick of my bullshit and lack of progress in life.  I made the decision to order drugs off the darknet, as I had done a few times before and do it right this time.

My package was intercepted and federal marshals did a controlled delivery.  I was arrested and sat in jail for 2 months.  I'm always surprised when I think that life can't get any more unbearable and jail was just that.  After that I was forced into drug treatment for 6 months and am now living in a sober house under close supervision.  My court date is a month away and I am facing a felony and up to 8 years in prison.

I have tried everything to get better I have a therapist and a psychiatrist.  I have tried nearly every anti depressant and am currently on wellbutrin, which doesn't do shit.  I have tried DBT and TMS.  I don't understand why I should keep going.  I have completely fucked my life up.  Even in the best scenario I will probably get the felony and multiple years of probation.  I'll be barred from a ton of jobs that I was interested in.  I can't even get a job at 711 right now because apparently this is already showing up on my background check.  I probably will struggle to get housing in the future.  I can't even imagine having to go to prison much less for 8 fucking years.  I just feel like this is torture, every day that goes by is another day closer to my judgment day.  My friends and family have abandoned me.  I was evicted when I was in jail and lost most of my stuff, I'm broke.  It just doesn't make sense to keep trying.  I feel like I have gave it multiple tries and its just been one failure after another.  I am so fucking lonely but as much as I would love to have a girl in my life a part of me thinks it would be too selfish of me to make someone have to deal with my bullshit and never ending stream of failures.  What is the point?  Even if my life weren't a complete shit show I would still feel this way.  I just feel like I am pointlessly torturing myself at this point.  This whole year has been like a nightmare that I can't wake up from.  Sometimes I wonder if I actually succeeded in killing myself and this is just my punishment.  I forgot what it means like to be happy, to be close to someone, for someone to actually be proud of me.  I feel like I am just a disappointment and I might as well just end the pain instead of waiting for my court date.  I have already pretty much decided that if I get prison time then I will do it but I fear I wouldn't get the chance if that happened.  I felt so helpless in jail, they specifically make the cells so that it is pretty much impossible to kill yourself and that was the situation I feared the most in life.  Losing my freedom, my humanity and locked away in a room with no stimulus with no way out and no way to kill myself.  Why should I continue to wait around for that to happen?

I