My boyfriend comes from 3 generations of suicide. He took his life in November 2017. I am really fucking depressed. We have a 7 year old daughter. I feel ill every moment of every day.
He was my best friend. I have constant nightmares. We struggled so much after his death - I got my daughter involved with a grief center for children in our town. I battled with her school because she got called to the principle’s office and was reprimanded to saying out loud to another student that she was sad at Christmas because she missed her Daddy. That student told their parents and those parents called the school and complained about my daughter upsetting their daughter...She has lots of friends with westerly families and gossipy moms. The rumor went around that her Dad died from a drug overdose (he hung himself) and no one wanted to have play dates anymore or associate with us. 

I worked so hard and advocated for my daughter the best I could. I found every resource possible for her. But I didn’t take any time for myself I guess. My family was very difficult to deal with regarding his death - my mom was extremely against my daughter even being at her Dad’s funeral - it took her counselor from school to tell my mom how important closure would be for my daughter. My mom does not know how to regulate her thoughts or feelings. She also doesn’t want my daughter to have any connection or relationship with her Dad’s side of her family. She got upset and scared that my daughter would choose her Dad’s family over her, which is ridiculous. After her Dad’s death, I brought my daughter to her Dad’s family, across country. My mom flipped out and called child protective services on me. She can’t handle not having control over my daughter.

So I’ve been battling with Child Protective. My mom filed for custody of my daughter. There have been a bunch of recent child deaths in my state and the attention is on DHS and they aren’t fucking around with anything. So even though I’m an amazing mother, have done everything possible to help my daughter with her grief - I’ve now had my role as a parent ripped from me. If you thought those upity moms judged us then, you should see how they judge us now.

I’m done with it all. My daughter is now a stranger to me. It’s been 7 months without her and I really have no purpose in life anymore. I mean, I know my worth but being involved with the State and system rips your entire soul up. 

I have no fucking purpose to live. I understand why her Dad left. I want to leave also.