I have been a professional sign language interpreter for ten years, can I get an entry level administrative assistant position in the small community where I live?
I moved last year to buy a more affordable place and now I live pretty far from where I work. It’s a ferry ride and total of an hour’s drive between home and work, so I spend three days a week in town and four days a week at home. I am hoping to get away from this long-distance lifestyle. I have been working as a practice professional for the last ten years as a sign language interpreter. I am efficient, a quick learner, and very tech savvy. As well, I am a strong communicator, driven, and get along well with others. Even though I don’t have the specific credentials outlined in this job posting that just came up near me, do you think it would be worth applying? Thank you in advance for any advice you can give. The post is below:


Key Responsibilities
 
Applicants must have completed Grade 12 (or equivalent); an Administrative Assistant Certificate program at a business school or college (or equivalent training); a minimum of 2 years’ experience providing clerical support in an Administrative Assistant capacity, or be able to demonstrate an acceptable combination of knowledge, skills and progressively responsible experience; and have aspirations to pursue a career in corporate services.
 
Applicants must be highly proficient with MS Word, Excel, Outlook, Acrobat Pro; be skilled in minute-taking and have a typing speed of 50wpm. Other requirements include the ability to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines; demonstrate excellent written and verbal communication skills while exhibiting tact and diplomacy; be detail-oriented and maintain productivity while working in a sometimes distracting environment; offer excellent internal/external customer service; and work effectively in a team-oriented environment. Applicants must be adept at multi-tasking and balancing a varying workload with competing priorities; and be knowledgeable in general office procedures and practices.
 
Applicants must be able to attend off-site meetings and record accurate and comprehensive minutes of these and other meetings. Applicants must have the ability to lift and carry light to moderate weight objects; move chairs, tables and other meeting equipment into place; and test, set-up and operate audio-visual and recording equipment required for public meetings.
 
Preferred Competencies
 
Knowledge of municipal government operations and application of policies and procedures is desirable. Formal training in minute taking and familiarity with a formal records management system would be an asset.