(serious) Went to my doctor for help about suicide
For depression and ->ANXIETY<-He called the police despite that i stayed calm all the time.


 Police rushed me and pushed me on the floor, i was so stressed out i couldnt move, and was like a stick (unvoluntary). They said i was resisiting and choked me until i managed to give them one of my arm. They finally handcuffed me and dragged me bottom naked outside the clinic, 2 cops were laughing at me because of that and many people have gathered aroung at this point, and i was still half naked...


 It took 10min for the ambulance to come and to  someone to hide my genital... Nobody took care of my pants and i still didnt get them back... (hospital was just accross the street of the clinic)

They brought me to the hospital for 72hrs and drugged me like i never been drugged before, because at this point (from now own all the rest is my fault) i couldnt keep my calm anymore.

 I was stuck in a super small room where nobody came to see me except to ask me trivial question like my name, adresse, weight etc. Nothing about why i was brought here. So i freaked out often and they shoot me. After this all went smooth. I like the effect of the sedatif so i freaked out from time to time just to get more. (no joke, anyway there was litterally nothing else to do)

They tell me they will transfer me to another hospital (probably because the 72hrs was close to end) I took the ambulance and once i was there... I dont remember ANYTHING AT ALL, nothing, niet, nada.

I have vague memories of me walking toward the main street to get back home, but i was 40min in cars from home... And i woke up yesterday without any idea how i got home... and today i wonder how to deal with all this situation.

P.s. I dont drink alcohol, smoke daily before night, so i dont think my own abuse made me loose the map. Im 35 years old man, never lost counscious ever in all my life before that. And also i have zero violences back ground.


With all this story my question is: "now where do i go to find help?" Everything on the Internet say to go see your doctor, but now i can barely get out of my house. It was already very hard but now its unbearable.

 I have constant suicide thought for over 20years now but also have full custody of my 12years old daughter which i love more than anything else in the world. (she's in no danger whatsoever i took care of telling her mom what was happening to me so she take care of her)

P.s.2. Im sorry if its hard to follow or understand, im french from Québec and there isnt much french forum to get help.