I’m not sure if I have depression, please reply, I made posts to other subreddits and no one answered and it’s making me feel even worse
I’m 16F btw. For many many years I’ve been extremely upset with my weight and my looks. I hate everything about me, I could give you all the things I hate about my appearance in a heartbeat. Sometimes when I look in the mirror I think “oh I don’t look too bad” and sometimes I think “oh god I can’t go out I’m so ugly”. My weight has become a really bad obsession. I think that because of problems relating to how I see myself I might have gotten and eating disorder? I’m not sure because I can’t self diagnose. But, I have lost noticeable amount of weight by eating 1-2 times a day and limiting my calories. And I’m not sure if that’s extreme dieting or an actual eating disorder. I’m scared to go to the extreme and go underweight (I’m close to being it) because I have a deadly disease and could die if I’m not eating properly. And I’m not too educated on ED’s so I’m not sure if I’m being too dramatic. Back to my “depression”, I moved during 5th grade and had no friends until high school, people openly avoided me because I kept asking people if I could play with them. This one group of friends made it extremely obvious that they don’t want to be near me, which hurt a lot. Lots of boys said behind my back and in my face that I’m ugly, horrifying, repulsive, a ugly octopus, sewer rat, etc. That really hurt me back then, still now. And I do believe I’m all those things they’ve said. Then a miracle happened. I made a friend. She was a cool kid and the time I spent with her was the best I’ve ever had with someone besides my family. Then after few months out of no where she acts like I don’t exist. She never spoke to me and treated me like a stranger, and it hurt so much it still bothers me. I thought that I did something wrong, that I wasn’t good enough, or I was too ugly that she didn’t want to be seen with me. Then in high school I finally made friends. During 10th grade my friend told me that my crush of 6 years called me super ugly and said who would want to date her? That shattered everything. And now I believe that I’m so repulsive that I will never find love and I will be lonely forever. Fortunately, I made friends, and one cool thing I do with a group I’m really close with is that we have “therapy” sessions and we talk about our problems and try to cheer each other up. I’ve yet to have my “session” yet, but I accidentally gave away that I hate my body and they think I have body dysmorphia, I think I have it too but I can’t say cause I haven’t been diagnosed. Honestly it made me feel so good that there were people who were concerned about me but that never happened again. They never speak about it like they speak about other friends problems... That’s probably because I haven’t told them all this, and I would’ve but I’m afraid. What if all of this is me being too dramatic. And that what I’m feeling isn’t serious and they think bad of me. And I’m scared to go to a therapist because of that same reason. So I rather keep all these emotions inside, and almost every night I cry because of these problems. Most of the times at night, I feel empty, lifeless. If I close my eyes I imagine I’m floating through space lifeless. My thoughts are very dangerous because I keep thinking more negative, and to avoid that I go on my phone and distract myself by doing something. Because of my disease I have to take pills daily, and I’ve always thought that I have an easy chance to kill myself by taking a lot of them, but I don’t think I would because it’s a sin in my religion, but maybe one day I’m too down that I might do something... Can someone please tell me if this is depression or not, because I really want to overcome it. Please reply to this, I’ve made many posts on other subreddits regarding this and no one has answered, which makes me feel like no one truly cares. Thank you.