How to find my path after 19 years at age 43?
This is going to be a long read, and I apologize for it.  I've written this over 4 days and have tried to explain my situation as best as I can.  (It still seems to be a book, and I'm sorry about that.)

I graduated from college (BS, Economics) from a well-known mid-atlantic university in 1999. I was young, and I didn’t have a lot of direction. I wound up taking a job in Healthcare as an entry-level pharmacy technician, which was completely unrelated to my major. Initially, I had planned to stay there a year, two tops. By that time, I would figure out what I wanted to do and I’d start my destiny. But that’s not really how life works. I got very comfortable. I knew there was little to no upward mobility, but that was OK. The job was close to my home, my boss was friendly, the work was easy, and the hours were great. The pay wasn’t as high as I’d like, but for a recent college grad, living back at home, the money was just fine to both help my parents with bills and save some cash.

A few years after my hire date, I decided to continue working there while doing something I always wanted to do. I wanted to run my own company. I had/have solid IT skills. I was “that guy” that everyone went to in order to fix computer problems. Family, friends, and even at work I became the unofficial IT guy.  (With that added responsibility did come increased pay.)  I decided to monetize that, and I used my experience and knowledge to start an IT company. I went from 4 clients to over 1,100 (about 82&#37; of those repeats) and wound up running a very successful IT company for over a decade. I was young, I was able to work my 9-5, see clients till 9 or 10PM, work till 4AM in my basement repairing machines, and then get 3 hours of sleep to go back to my day job. I did this for about a decade, working most weekends from ages 24-35. Finally burning out, along with the industry changing, I closed the company when the disparity between income and expenses was getting too close. My wife and I also started our family, and raising kids and working 20 hours a day was not feasible for my own health or for being a parent.

I developed a good source of income from my computer company on-top of the “ok” income from the 9-5. I was able to start two 529’s. My children’s college will essentially be funded even if I never earn another dollar. I was also able to create a decent high five-figure nest egg which I have invested and don’t intent to touch.

19 years later, while I have moved up a little to Senior Lead Pharmacy Technician, the company has gone through several changes in ownership, and is now owned by a big company that you would definitely know.  I'm overpaid in the industry due to the length of time I've been there.  I’ve declined recent promotions because the local leadership is very poor, and the income increase for those positions is widely out of touch with the increase in responsibilities. Those positions would very likely kill me.  Very recently, many of my coworkers have resigned which has in some cases tripled the work the remaining people have to do which has presented not only unsafe situations for patients, but has induced a health-scare for me as a result of being overworked. My blood pressure skyrocketed the other day to unsafe levels, and it was completely work-induced. I don’t want to die at a desk in a job that I have come to hate.  I've come to the awakening that my departure is overdue.

I’m now 43 years old. I’m more or less in the same job I started in when I was 25. The roles have changed, the pay has increased, the responsibilities have increased. I need to find a new job, but I’m completely lost. I haven’t been on an interview in 19 years. I know how to write a resume, and I updated mine about 2 years ago in preparation for a move. I’m very well respected at my job, but they are suspicious as to why I don’t want the promotions. I am their lead performer in terms of branch metrics, as laid out by the company’s expectations. I simply no longer want to work under this atmosphere of the current leadership because it’s impacting my health. I’m at the point where I’m mentally OK with resigning before finding something else, but I know that is not a smart move. It is time for me to put my big guy pants on, and get out into the world and do something better to support my wife and kids.

**Here is my problem**: I don’t know what I can offer someone.  Not to get caught up in the buzzwords, but I’m reliable, dependable, honest, both public and private. I show up to work during snow storms of any amount, and I work really well with coworkers - I'm well respected by my peers, and I have become an "unofficial leader" among them.  I am a team player, and I’m not there to see only myself excel. I am good with computers, and I have 20 years of really solid customer service skills that I use to make even the most unhappy customer a happy one. A lot of that comes from working in healthcare; these people are sick and have little to no guidance other than me. More of that skill comes from when I ran my company. It was only me; I did sales, cold calls, marketing, advertising, on-site repairs, workshop repairs, customer service, billing, all of the financials, and when something went wrong, I had to be there to take the hit, accept responsibility and make the situation right for the customer.  I wore all of the hats.

Even with all of the above, I feel like I still don’t know what I can offer someone, and I have no idea what industry would be mutually beneficial based upon my skill set(s).

Can someone point me in the right direction? I know that this is a very general question, but even resources where I could go to find out where I might fit in would be helpful.   For my own health, I have to step out of acute healthcare. My IT skills have waned a little bit, and I’m definitely not up on the newest and greatest. I have no certifications, not even A+ back in the day. I just knew how to talk to people, I could fix things, and keep people happy. I could work the magic, and it worked out for everyone.

I just feel really lost, and it is my own fault. I’m just looking for help.  I'm not opposed to any industry, just not acute healthcare.  My heart (and body) are no longer in it.

Thanks for your time if you read this far, I really appreciate it.