[META] Please assume good faith and moderate your tone when commenting
We've received a handful of messages from OPs who have left the sub as a result of the kinds of comments that they receive on their posts. As such, we'd like to take some time to look at good and bad ways to respond to posts. Even if you assume good faith already, I invite you to read this post so that you can help encourage it in the future.

In /r/NeutralPolitics, we believe that assuming good faith is **vital** to having good discussion. When someone posts something we disagree with, we find that the best way to deal with it is with a reasoned, fact based reaction, as opposed to an angry (even if fact based) reaction. Here are a few good guidelines for responding:

* Assume that OP misunderstands the issue before assuming willful ignorance or malice. Many people post here because they are unaware of the arguments against them, and want to find out what those are.
* Woo the OP to "your side", don't chastise them for holding an opinion you disagree with. You'll catch more flies with honey than with flame wars.
* Avoid *ad hominem* attacks. If your post contains a lot of "I" and "You", you're probably talking about the OP, not the issue. This is often a sign of a weak argument, since if you have a good argument, talking about the issue should be enough to persuade someone.
* Please do not use sarcasm or rhetorical questions. Rhetorical questions can only have negative consequences, they never contribute towards good dialogue. Sarcasm can only inflame, it can't inform.

Let's look at an example. Say I made a post about a controversial issue, like this:

>I think that the US should stop funding public education. Teachers get paid way too much and we need to reduce the debt. [sources about teacher salaries and the national debt]

Now, depending on your views, you may feel very angered by this admittedly poorly worded and simplistic post. Many top level comments would probably look like this:

>"I think that the US should stop funding public education." Yeah, sure. And maybe we should stop paving roads while we're at it, since that would reduce the deficit too.

>"Teachers get paid way too much and we need to reduce the debt." Teachers are paid a pittance [source]. If you think being a teacher is so easy, why don't you try being one?

When you have 20 replies like this in your inbox, it can be stressful to try and read through them and respond. Here's a much more constructive way to argue against the OP.

>Education is actually a pretty small part of the national budget [source]. Not to mention that American teachers are paid way less than teachers in other developed countries [source]. Studies [source] have shown that public education leads to a more skilled population that can better compete in a global marketplace. If Americans are earning more money, we can pay back the debt faster.

>Do you still feel that education is a waste of federal budget? If so, why?

Something to note here: After attempting to persuade the reader with their argument, this commenter invites honest feedback on whether they've been convincing, and allows the OP (or any reader) to change their view without shaming them for the views they may have held before. This is key.

There's already a lot of good faith discussion here, and it warms my cold, reasoned, fact-based blood-pump. Let's see more of it!