24 with no work experience and completely lost in life. What should I do?
 Hello all, I know this probably gets asked a lot but I felt like I really needed to get some advice. Lately I have been experiencing anxiety and panic attacks at night while I think about the future. I graduated from university exactly 2 years ago, and I have been unemployed and lost ever since. In college I was initially a business major with plans to specialize in sports business (sports are by far my biggest passion). After taking and struggling with the required classes such as Accounting, I did not meet the requirements to make it into the business school. With my business degree chances evaporated I changed majors and graduated with a more generic economics/business/sociology type degree with a minor in media studies.

As graduation approached I still had no answer to the classic question of “so what are you going to do next?”. I still love sports business but that field seems incredibly cutthroat and unstable. As an introverted guy I would really not fit in with that style of super social and outgoing personality to have success in that field. At this point in my life I feel just completely overwhelmed. The thought of a 9-5 job that I don’t enjoy makes me sick to my stomach just imagining it. My resume is barren and the more time that goes by the worse it will be. I have been studying for an IT certification but have made little progress. It makes me incredibly disappointed in myself that I can’t even get myself to study anymore. After 2 years of doing nothing I feel like I have snuffed out any flame of ambition I once had. I dread holidays and get anxious thinking about how I’m going to answer when family and strangers ask me “what do you do?”.

I know this is more of a rant but I felt like I needed to get some of this off my chest and see if anyone here has battled through a similar period in their life.

My main passions are sports, film, animals/environmental justice, poker (I love game theory and statistics).

Thank you!


Edit: Thank you all so much for your advice and wisdom. I kinda just expected to get a couple comments. I will read through all of your comments and I am trying to respond to all of you. If I don’t reply, don’t take it that I don’t appreciate your comment. You all rock!