Lack of Training is Making Me Feel Inadequate
I’ve been at my job for a year and a half now, and I work very closely with my supervisor.  She’s amazing, _however_, she tends to hoard work instead of delegating the tasks that I’m supposed to be doing in the first place, and she’s put off training me on over half of the things she said she would since I started working there.

I know that poor training is practically the norm nowadays, and while I know that it’s not my fault that I’m not being trained or taught to do a lot of things, I can’t help but feel completely inadequate and embarrassed when our coworkers ask me questions or expect me to do things that I have no knowledge in because _I was never taught_.

It’s been a bit more difficult during this COVID situation, because my supervisor is at home with her kids and I’m expected to run the office all by myself.  I don’t do a terrible job at all;  I’m definitely capable of running the office alone and I actually enjoy it, but it’s difficult when I’m expected to take care of things that I received no training for.

There’s a lot of things that I’ve taught myself how to do, and a lot of technical issues that I’ve fixed by myself because our IT people are usually too busy to assist me (which is also frustrating), so I know I’m not completely helpless.  And I would LOVE more responsibilities, but I can’t take them on because she would rather do things herself than teach me, so I feel like my hands are tied.  What is the saying:  between a rock and a hard place?

It really eats away at my motivation.  I honestly wonder most of the time why they even have me there, because I have periods where I have nothing to do while my supervisor is drowning in work.  I have to remind her to delegate tasks to me, but because there’s so much I haven’t been trained to do, she can only give me so much work before I’m left with nothing to do again.

How can I get over feeling inadequate, or like a waste of space and money because I’m not being used to my full potential, so to speak?