From dating to being friends, I feel conflicted about her new relationship.
Hey guys. I don't know how to format on Reddit well, so I apologize.  
   
   I'll call this girl Aria.
  
  I met this girl at the beginning of the year. We just started College. Wt met on the last day of the first week in class where we sat next to each other because there weren't many seats left. After getting to know Aria in class, I asked for her number with the idea that if we were going to be classmates for the next two years, I might as well be able to contact her.  
  
 As the weeks go on we got close. Relatively close, in-between breaks we would share information about ourselves, from basic information to even things we wouldn't normally share. I began to have feelings for her. As a pair, we would always be mistaken as dating because we were so physically close; cuddling on couches, walking to class, always spending time together on campus when we were there, I would even walk Aria to her car after classes to keep her company and she would drive me to a friends house each day after classes (The house is about five minutes driving from campus).
  
 As time went on my feelings got stronger.   
  One day, I told myself "I want to ask this girl to date me." We attend class as always and I walked her to her car. I had asked her "What would you think of us dating?" and Aria replied with "I don't know. I never thought of it." Needless to say, I felt rather hurt because of how close we were. Our relationship seemed to be more than friends and yet she never put a thought into it. I went home that day emotionally crushed. After I got home, Aria had sent me a text asking me to go to a show with her that was on campus. Thinking it would be weird of me to ignore her or simply say no since we were still friends, I said I would go with her.   
  
 After I went to the show with her and her friends I came across one of my friends who was at the show. This was a friend that would tell me "Hey, you and her would be a really cute couple together". When I saw him I moved away from sitting next to her and went to talk to him. I began to tell him about how Aria said she never thought of us dating and that I was feeling pretty down about it. He bought me a beer and we talked through the show about how it was an unfortunate situation. He decides to buy me a beer; she notices this and takes my keys saying "You're not getting this back until you sober up!". It was a kind gesture. I thought she was just being a good friend and ignored it. As we're talking and I'm not paying attention to the girl, he tells me that she was looking over at me a lot. When the show was over he asked Aria to take care of me saying he didn't want to be accountable for an accident if I got into one.
  
  At this point the show was over. Everyone left, both her friends and mine. It's been hours since I drank that single beer talking to my friend. I ask for my keys back after thanking Aria for inviting me and saying I'd be going home. She doesn't budge; doesn't want to give me my keys.   
  
  We walk to her car and we have small-talk about how she had fun and was glad I came. I just wanted to leave though. This was a girl who had just told me that after all of our interactions she would never have thought of dating me. It hurt, really.  
  
  When we're at her car, we stand outside her door for a while like we normally would after our classes. She hugs me and asks if I'm okay to drive. She gets really sad suddenly instead of having her bubbly, upbeat attitude. I figured this was because she didn't want a friend dying in a car accident (I've been hit by a car before as a pedestrian so it worried her). She drives me to my car across campus and stops me from driving. We talked for a long time about how I would be okay since it had been a while. More talking through the night and she says "Don't push your luck! I need you alive." I already thought my chances at dating her were non-existent. I said "Screw it. I'll push my luck. Hey Aria, will you go out with me?"  
   
  She said yes to dating me. I was ecstatic, I felt lucky. A week later, we break up. Aria told me she wasn't able to be in a relationship because of her problems and that she didn't want a boyfriend. That feeling of being crushed resurfaced. It left me empty. We were still friends after this.   
  
  One month passed. During one of our lectures she had looked upset. Curious, I asked Aria the for the reason. Aria said "I have a date later tonight. I'm nervous." I felt like time had stopped. It was shocking to hear that. Having been told that she didn't want to date for personal reasons and that she didn't want to date, she had agreed to date this new person. She had told me that if I was upset with her choice she wouldn't date him and instead wouldn't have a boyfriend. I'd feel guilty being the reason that she can't be in a happy relationship, yet at the same time I don't want to lose her I suppose.  
  
  I feel empty. I don't resent this girl but I'm not happy with her choice either. I'm unsure of what to do. To be honest, I don't even want to be around.  
  
  TL;DR: I met a girl and dated her in college. Dumped me because she didn't want to be in a relationship or have a boyfriend. One month later she dates a new guy.