Does anyone else have intense fear that they’ll never be independent and have to rely on family members or have fears of being alone? Im scared to grow up.
im 19 years old. I live with my family (my mum, my grandmother and my little brother). I dont have a job and i havent gone to college yet (put on hold since the pandemic). I have an intense fear of losing my family members and being left to look after my brother and myself on my own. I hate even writing this out because im scared ill “jinx” it and make it come true. I have dreams of my family members dying, i always push them to go to the doctors if they feel unwell, i try to encourage them to eat well and exercise. I understand its not my life its theirs, but this is all just coming from good intentions of keeping them well because i have such a fear of losing them. I even have nightmares of becoming homeless after they pass.

Its just hit me recently that im really growing up and going to start becoming independent. Get a job, go to college, move out, do my own shopping, pay my own bills, drive my own car, start a family. I cant even walk around my neighborhood on my own.. thats how bad this is. I cant pay in shops, i need to get my mum to because im too anxious. I dont even know if i know enough to keep me going on my own. I dont know how to pay bills, how to drive. I always rely on my family if i dont know anything or unsure how to do something. Im aware that i dont learn, i just get them to show me and i move on. I think a part of this is because if i learn all these things thats the first step towards becoming my own parent and that scares the living daylight out of me. I dont want it. I want to be a kid forever and have people surrounded by me and not feel alone. I want to be my own person yes, but i dont want to be *alone*. I dont know enough to be independent, i know i dont. Im soo anxious to get a job, to drive. Its the little things.. like i have to mind the house keys and the car keys, i have to pay the bills, i have to walk up and pay for my own shopping, i have to go to the bank. Being 27 and living with your parents still is known to be “bad” or “unhealthy”. Apparently it means you arent your own person. I dont believe this because my Mum has lived with her mum all her life and she’s independent, to an extent. I want to be my own person, but i cant be independent im so scared of going into the world on my own.

Does anyone have any advice on how to handle my anxiety and outlook on this?

*(edit: i did not expect this to get so many attention i dont have time to reply to everybody but just know ive read all the replies and i appreciate them so much! its so comforting to know that im not the only one who feels this way <3 )*