Fabrication shops
I've been lurking on povertyfinance for a while, and I'd like to mention something that has worked for me, and worked for my brother in law... and could work for many of you. I see posts where people work in various retail, food service, or even office jobs, and there's nothing wrong with that at all. But I don't see anyone talking about machine shops and fabrication shops. I'm in the US, and there are absolutely still manufacturing jobs in the US, despite what you may hear in the media or other places.

I'll tell my story, where I left a 12 hour per day, seven day per week (and sometimes all night) job, and entered an interesting field of work with no references, no experience, and no idea that *such a job was even something that was scientifically possible.* 

I had an interview with a shop in Tulsa that did work for various companies - oil and gas, aerospace, defense, etc. They had brakes (Large machines that bend metal sheets/plates) rolls (Machines which roll plates into cylinders) welders, and...

...Lasers. Lasers which cut metals, up to 1 1/4" (32mm) thick. I didn't know that was a thing until that day. I was decent at math, could read calipers and a tape measure, and could read prints. They hired me. I was put on a CNC plate laser (Which cuts flat material) and a young guy was tasked with training me... Young guy wasn't a good trainer, but he was good at being useless, rude, and often high. So I figured the machine out myself, after a bit of trial and error. I worked there for about a year, then when I noticed that I wouldn't ever be paid more than what I was making, I went off in search for another job. With Laser experience, it wasn't hard. Ended up at a complete shithole for about two months running a burntable, (Oxyfuel torches, cnc controlled, cutting plate up to 3" thick) and got another laser job for a little more money. Worked there for a while, but was working six days a week. I fixed a few issues they were having with their laser and it's programming. I found another job willing to pay me $2 more per hour to start, and I put in my notice - they begged for two weeks for me to stay, but wouldn't budge on the "We work until we're done" 16+ hour per day, six days per week nonsense. So I went on to a great shop, running a well-maintained Amada plate laser. Around this time, my brother in law was working retail, and was being told by his mom and the she-beast that was his wife that he could never, ever get a better job. I got him a job as a shop helper. He learned to run a brake, and the plasma table. More importantly, he realized that he *could* operate these machines, no matter what a bunch of unemployed people in his life were telling him. 

After two years in that shop, they started to have trouble paying people, so I left before I ended up working for free. Went to a shop that made air components (valves, controls, etc) for machinery, and learned to run a punch press. Not a bad place, and wish I'd stayed there sometimes, but the boss critter was a real problem. Ended up in ANOTHER place that had a few flat lasers, and as I had started to figure out - if you can run a laser in Tulsa, unemployment is something that happens to other people. The same can be said for a plasma operator, brake, roll, mill, or lathe operator. My brother in law has no trouble finding jobs now, and makes more money than he could have in retail. 

I work in a place now running a tube laser (cuts steel structural sections like I-beam, angle, square tube, rectangle tube, and pipe) and while not every day is sunshine and bunny farts, I have job security, I don't have to deal with customers, and in the past several years (This saga started in 2012) I have learned several different CNC controllers, several different lasers, laser maintenance and repair, drafting, 3d modeling in Solidworks, Inventor, and Fusion 360, G-code, and an embarrassing amount of CNC programming. 

So don't be afraid to go talk to someone at a steel shop, even if you don't know what you're doing. If you can show up every day, sober, and are willing to learn, you will learn to do something amazing, and you will start to see things that *you have made* popping up around you. 

EDIT: This blew up more than I thought it would. I'm sorry I've not been able to answer everyone's comments - worked a 12 today. I hope that I helped open everyone's mind to the idea that working with your hands and your mind is something most people can get into, that is rewarding in more ways than just financially. Thanks for the silver, kind redditor!