I'm not sure I can handle being single (confidence issues)
I broke up with my boyfriend of 4+ years about 2 months ago. It was for the best, but I'm having a hard time staying positive now that I'm single. I'm a college student (undergrad). I've always been overweight, but over the past 2 years I've lost over 100lbs. I've been hitting the gym more often since the breakup just for something to do. I'm still overweight, but I'm working on it. I try very hard to dress up every day and make myself look my absolute best for classes, the dining hall, etc, because I'm seriously so anxious that I will ruin my chance to find someone new if I ever for even one second look too frumpy. I've made it a personal policy to try new things and talk to as many people as I can. I've even gone out to a couple of bars on the weekends with some friends to try and meet somebody.

All I really want right now is companionship. I really want to go out and date somebody, even just make new friends to talk to. Hell, I'd just like someone to text me now and again and make me feel like I'm loved by someone, instead of me always having to initiate conversations and feeling like a burden as a result. I'm frustrated because it isn't happening. I do understand that the world doesn't just make friends/boyfriends appear, but I'm just scared that I threw away the only person who was willing to put up with me, my personality and my weight, and now I'll be alone forever. 

On top of this, I have a lot of anxiety related to school stuff (applying for internships, scholarships, finals coming up etc) that is really eating away at me. I've been so emotional lately that it's getting in the way of me getting things done.  What can I do to stay focused on what's really important (school), without feeling depressed? Also, with winter break approaching, I'll be moving back home for 6 weeks, and the prospect of being completely isolated for that long makes me extremely unhappy. My school friends live too far away to see them regularly, and I don't feel comfortable asking them to skype me all the time because I'll feel so needy and gross when they're trying to enjoy their home-friends. I just don't know how to be happy by myself anymore. Any advice is welcome.

*edited - formatting new to this sorry*