Rice Beans and Cottage Cheese - Proud to Grow Up in Poverty
I have been in an okay situation for the last 2 or so years - not great, I have an okay paying job (for now) and still have student loans and a car loan, but I have emergency savings that will last me a few months. 

I come from a very poor upbringing - a single mother with 3 kids on low income everything. It's a rare moment to be proud of where you come from when you grow up poor. But today I went and picked up groceries for the next 3-4 weeks for my partner and I and spent less than 80$ - but I knew exactly how to do it. It was like being on autopilot. I grew up on rice, beans, and cottage cheese. If we were lucky and my mom got extra tips from waitressing or a new client (personal trainer during the day) we would have chicken or beef, then she would make a stock out of the remains and would make the best tortilla soup. She made everything last, stretched every dollar, and worked her a$$ off. 

Today I realized she taught me survival skills. Growing up poor is really hard in many ways. But it teaches you so many lessons on happiness, and survival, and how to prioritize your dollars when it matters most. For everyone that is going through hard times financially, you definitely are not alone. But if you can learn to live when you're in poverty, you can certainly learn to thrive when you are financially stable - and you WILL see the other side of this! 

Knowing how to cut out all unnecessary items out of your life is a skill that you only learn when you are forced to do it. Right now, I'm okay, but even the looming threat of job loss or furlough is enough to subconsciously enter survival mode. I am perfectly content with my rice, beans, and cottage cheese. It tastes like my childhood, and only costs $0.44 including spices per meal.

Update: Wow! Sorry everyone! I turned off notifications on my phone during the pandemic so I’m not on it all the time. I’ll be replying to all of you shortly.

Edit: Someone asked what I bought and thought it would be good to share - I eat MOSTLY vegetarian, and my partner is vegetarian so it makes it super easy to scrap meat, which is expensive. Here is what I bought:

Eggs, 60 ct - $9.17 ($1.83/dozen)

Stir Fry Frozen Veggie Mix , 5.5lbs - $9.79 ($1.78/lb)

Onions, 3lbs. - $0.69

Flour tortillas, 2pkgs. - $2.56

Black beans, 10lbs. - $10.41 (1.04$/lb)

Salsa, 2 jars. $3.38

Shredded cheese, 1lb. - $2.88

Rice, 10lbs. - $4.23

Tofu, 4 lbs - $5.39 ($1.34/lb)

Apples, 3lbs. - $3.00

Bananas, - $2.00

Butter, 1lb. - $2.39

Oatmeal, 1 carton, - $2.39

2 pkg rice flakes (drunken noodle noodles) - $4.24

Fish sauce (large size) - $3.89

Brown Sugar, 2lb. - $1.32

Limes, 2lbs - $3.88

Oyster Sauce (lg) - $6.79

Cottage cheese, 2 24 oz - $3.38

Came out to 77.75$ - had a few coupons that applied at checkout that basically waived the tax! to be frank I have a lot of other ingredients at home (for example, soy sauce, salt, spices, pasta, cooking oils, polenta, pasta sauce bought on sale, frozen fruit and meat for me) but this will last us a very long time! I'm sure your Walmart will have a this stuff and priced around the same. I cook a LOT of Asian and Mexican dishes.

To assemble the bowl of wonder in the title, cook rice as you see fit, and simmer beans with some bouillon (cheaper than store bought stock - I use Better than Bouillon No chicken Base, vegetarian gf limits my bone broth roots), an onion (diced), green bell peppers (diced), any spices you desire eor can geet your hands on, and jalapeno. Combine rice beans and cottage cheese in a bowl, put some hot sauce or whatever else you desire, enjoy!

Be safe out there!