My friend and I are not dating.
I felt a bit overwhelmed about things this morning - not in a bad way, just in a...brimming over way. Some of it spilled out on to paper and I felt the need to have someone, anyone, read it.

It is ever so strange to feel happy about something that isn't the way you want it to be.

Have you ever been consumed by somebody?

Have you ever had someone fill your every waking thought, even your dreams, and it burns you up from within - but not with a bright, hot passion. It burns you like hot, smoldering coals. It burns you in a way that you can't imagine coming to an end. It's not a desperate feeling.
It's...secure. Almost comfortable. It keeps you on your toes, keeps you restless, keeps you dancing...and yet you're happy here and you don't ever want it to stop. This dance has become home to you.

There are still days where you wish that they would get out of your head, leave you alone for five minutes, and yet you know that if they did you would find yourself lonely, wanting them back right away.

Most days you are like a warm blanket I love to throw over my shoulders and curl up with, but some days you reveal me. Some days your perfectly normal actions threaten to show me for who I really am and how I really feel. Yesterday when you woke up and came out in to the living room, I instinctively looked at you - but that fraction of a glance had me looking away immediately, despite what I wanted. I hope I didn't send the wrong message. What I really wanted was to look in to your eyes, levelly, as I always do, and tell you good morning - but I could not. That briefest of glances, revealing your state of hardly undressed, sent my self defense in to high gear.

I have seen plenty of men in their boxers. They are simply thinner shorts.

Yours, however, are burned in to the forefront of my memory despite how quickly I didn't quite look at you. Immediately I found it difficult to breathe. I could feel my body responding in obvious ways and I had to hide it from you. I didn't want you to see me struggle to maintain composure, so I looked away.

What I really wanted was to drink you in.

I wanted to look at you for long enough to burn the entire image in to my memory, every part of you, soft from sleep and slow from waking up. I wanted you to see the slow flush building up from my chest to my cheeks, I wanted you to see me breathing a little harder, I wanted you to notice the myriad of changes my body went through just at the simple vision of you just waking up.

Instead I prayed that your mother couldn't see how hard my nipples were. I looked away. I pretended to be working hard. I pretended that I wasn't thrilled with how comfortable it was to you to wake up and find me in your home, making myself at home, offering you your own coffee. That noting your good mood in the mornings wasn't the most amazing thing. That your mother hadn't offered me a key.

I acted nonchalant about the fact that you turned on Jeopardy, knowing we would both love to watch it.

Every day, I have to pretend not to notice the million little things you do for me. I pretend that I don't do a million little things for you. We pretend that we are not special to each other when we go out with others, and yet we do not sacrifice our special ways.

They notice.
They always notice.
They wonder.

And we love it. We love being on a team together. We love the harmless "us against them" mentality, the "who cares what they think" that brings us together. Neither of us generally admit it, but we do enjoy the attention. We enjoy having people notice us. We enjoy people noticing us in the same ways. Our music, our speech, our intelligence. We like for people to notice about us what we notice about others.

What we notice about each other.

I think we both enjoy having a story. We enjoy knowing that people are talking about us, perhaps even a little bit jealously, trying to figure out our mystery.

I wonder if you notice me the way I notice you. I wonder if you think about me the way I think about you. I wonder if you think about me the way I think about you, and wonder if I think about you the way you think about me. It would suit us to have that type of silent dynamic. It would make sense.

I wonder, if we ever spoke the words aloud, if it would set us both on fire.