Is a Masters degree really worth it?
Hello!

First time poster, but I thought I’d ask around a couple subreddits to get the a wider perspective of a major life decision I’ve been heming and hawing about for half a decade: Is a Masters degree going to help me find a job? 

 So here’s  my perspective. I graduated in 2013 with a BS in Biology and since then I’ve been working as a lab tech and worked my way up to a team lead position (basically pays the same and have the same work, but I also cover some of the more basic coordinating stuff and sometimes attend as a department rep when my boss is out). A couple years ago I wanted a new job and I COULD NOT GET INTERVIEWS. I applied, and applied, and applied but I just wasn’t getting calls. I’m not sure if my resume was awful or just didn’t meet the job experience expectations.  So, I figure if I can’t update my resume if I can’t get a new job maybe I should get more education. I got a couple of certifications through work (six sigma and excel certifications) and I worked for about a year studying for the GRE, taking it, and applying for a Non-thesis Biology graduate program. I can take classes for a couple years and then I’ll have a Masters in Biology. Great plan right?

Well, now I’m not so sure. What if I go through all this time and money, and I still can’t find a better job? Or now I’m a grossly overqualified lab tech who’s applying for jobs that pay $15 an hour but I’m expecting more since I have a Masters, but I lack industry experience for the typical jobs someone with a Masters applies for? My SO asked what job I’d want after school, and I said I wanted the same job just more money (but I don’t think they’ll pay a lab tech more to press buttons a machine just because I went to school for s couple more years) Is a Masters even necessary once you get to a certain point of job experience (Does someone with a MS and 1-2 of experience trump someone with 10+ years with a BS) My graduate school advisor was unhelpful bless her heart. She said that typically students who are non thesis MS either become teachers or go on to medical school, so she couldn’t tell me placement stats for my situation post-school.  My HR department couldn’t advise me either (“It’s a case by case basis. If someone doesn’t have a degree but has more applicable laboratory experience than another candidate, we have made exceptions since this is a hands on field”). 

I don’t want to go into debt if I can’t be guaranteed a better job position than what I currently have. Is a MS worth it? Has it been worth if for you? What sounds like the best decision?