I was "duped" twice in one month by guys who wanted to experience dating a foreigner.
I've (24F) never felt so naive and unconfident with my own judgement. There are times when I feel okay hanging out with friends and other people, but when I'm alone I can't sleep, I have no appetite, and I feel sick to my stomach. I just want to stop caring, but thoughts of it rise to the surface and just take over my body.

For background: I'm living in Japan, speak Japanese pretty well (better than the English of both these guys), am blonde and have a "small face" which is apparently attractive here. Both of these men are Japanese.

The first guy (32) is barely even worth mentioning because the whole situation was so ridiculous. Basically we dated for a week and he acted as though he really liked me. He was leaving in a week for a 4 month trip, so we both knew it was a fling. Two days before he left, he stood me up for a date (which was originally his idea) and then invited me to a barbecue where he proceeded to get all touchy feely with another girl right in front of me, knowing that I could see. I left, sent him a text saying telling him that he was an asshole and got no reply. That was the end of it and all of my Japanese roommates couldn't believe that this happened, and assured me that he was just an asshole and not typical.

Through some sort of "when it rains it pours" streak of luck, I met the second guy (27) on a meetup trip to a local mountain. We hit it off and it was obvious that we were both attracted to each other, and we arranged to do something together the next weekend. In the interim he was messaging me every second day, which to me is a little bit too much too soon. But out of consideration for cultural differences I didn't say anything.

 On the first date, he asked me to be his girlfriend. I said that it was a little bit fast and that we should get to know each other better first. I said this in English, and I guess it didn't make it through the language barrier, because later he thanked me for agreeing to be his girlfriend. Again I let it be due to cultural differences, knowing that dating moves a little faster in Japan than my home country. Then he started messaging me every day, at which point I was freaking out about the velocity of things. I didn't want to rush into a situation where I could hurt someone who really likes me, so I considered ending it. But I did have fun the other times I saw him, so I decided to go on one more date to see how I felt. On the next date, bam, I was completely infatuated with him. I asked him outright if he was dating me just because I was a foreign girl, and he said "a little bit, but I do like you." I was okay with this answer because honestly I wanted to experience dating a Japanese guy too "a little bit."

One week and a couple of sleepovers later I got the sense that something wasn't right. Then he cancelled a date saying he had to work and his messages became much more delayed that before. I asked him if something was up and after pressing a bit he confessed that he thought we had become too close too quickly and wanted to just be friends. I pointed out that this didn't make sense as he has been the one pursuing closeness from the beginning. In the end I got out of him that a) he didn't want to be friends or see me anymore and b) he had wanted to experience dating a foreign girl, but in the end realized that that wasn't a good sole reason to date someone, and when I had asked him about this before he gave me the answer I wanted to hear because he wanted to continue dating me. He apologized profusely, but the truth of the situation stands in stark contrast to the way I thought he actually felt.

In both cases I slept with them on the second or third date. I like sex, and I don't want to believe that I should be withholding it in order to keep someone's interest.

What's getting to me was that with the second guy, I was so sure he was a nice guy. I'm pretty sure that I'm done with dating for a while, but I don't know if I'll be able to trust someone next time, knowing that I was so wrong twice in a row.

TL;DR I've been completely thrown through a loop by two guys who dated me, all the while acting like they were 110% into me, and then did complete 180s.