I jumped off a (small) bridge
Surprise! I lived. The water was quite a bit deeper than I thought, and luckily there were no rocks or tree branches just below the surface. I went headfirst, so any debri would have likely killed me outright, or knocked me out and caused me to drawn. 

I still got a concussion just from the water (FYI, concussions suck. Do not recommend). And after I somehow managed to not drown anyway, I swam to shore. Holy crap was it a long, cold walk home. 

Believe it or not, I didn’t think it was that big a deal. It didn’t really feel like a true suicide attempt. More like it blurred the lines between ‘self harm’ and ‘suicide’. Before the jump I had figured a ~90% chance I’d live if the water was deep (I was gambling a lot on that “if”). 

When I got home I told my family, thinking they would just let me go to sleep with some asprin, maybe take the next day off. Nope. Not a chance. We went *straight* to the ER. Then I was volunteered to go to the inpatient psychiatric unit. 

The psych ward. I was pretty terrified. I didn’t think I was worthy of such care. My issues were mild, weren’t they? It was just (extreme) self harm. 

I spent five days in the hospital. And frankly they were some of the most incredible days I’ve ever experienced in my life. I dealt with both extreme pain and euphoria. At several points, I *was* the hysterical, crying, inconsolable woman who you’d expect to find in a padded room wearing a straight jacket. 

But they didn’t do that to me. They talked to me, and they helped me. They gave me the mental and emotional tools to help myself. Somehow, they got me to admit that I *wanted* to live, even though I desperately believed I didn’t deserve to. I’m trying to remember, every minute of every day, that I *do* deserve to live. 

Anyway... that’s kinda my little story. 

TL;DR: Jumped off a bridge, landed in a psych ward, got legit help.

Edit: wow thanks for the support everyone! I’ll try to answer your questions in more detail when I get a chance.

Edit 2: this got a bit more attention than I thought, but I’m glad. If this enourages even one person to consider asking for help, or joining an inpatient phsyciatric program, I’ll be overjoyed.