I got roasted in my stanford interview yesterday.
TL;DR at bottom. 


[UPDATE](https://www.reddit.com/r/ApplyingToCollege/comments/a46gxi/that_stanford_interview/?st=JPESTVPD&sh=96d699ce) 

Yesterday, I had my stanford interview. 

I arrived ahead of time and was just taking notes in my notebook, seems a small detail but it’ll be used later on. 

When he came, I shook hands and he insisted we sat outside. It was freezing cold, but I obliged nonetheless. He asked quite naturally to just introduce myself and I did... but he just interrupted me and went “sorry, I didn’t catch you. I just saw a beautiful girl. Could you repeat?”. I kinda got an odd feeling from the off with this. 

He asked me about what I do in IB, and I did so and explained my extended essay to him. He then proceeded to critically question it with various complex issues with the experiment I did for it (it was in physics, and he has a PhD in electrical engineering). He asked for the equation I derived, and obviously I can’t remember so I told him it was a long formula but I can’t quite remember. He responded by essentially telling me my experiment is quite simplistic, and it can’t be that long and complex. Then flexed his thesis that derived an 11th order formula. 
For reference, my extended essay was predicted an A. 

He asked about my econ coursework for the IB as well, and we had a short debate about monetary policy of the Fed. However, when explaining my opinions to him using simple economic concepts, he simply told me I don’t make sense. 

This was about 10mins in. 

He then proceeded to tell me “you spend your whole life studying. You won’t succeed at Stanford, you will struggle massively.”

He hadn’t asked once about what I do outside of school or ANYTHING. Nor had he seen my resume or common app beforehand. Zilch. I am convinced in hindsight he made such a comment simply because I was so into our academic discussions as an Asian. I’m convinced it was racial stereotyping. 

I refuted that claim, naturally. 
I explained all the things I do and he decimated each and every one. 

I run a funny podcast with friends for enjoyment. He ripped into it as “it does not have a purpose” despite me explaining we do it for the enjoyment and entertainment of content creation. 

I explained the two international honours I’ve received. One of them was a 3rd place. He asked me why I didn’t win, and when I gave my answer, he asked what the first place team’s project was. He told me “that’s actually innovative, all you’ve done is manipulate a few numbers. “. 
I explained my next one, and he said “I’m not interested in things you’ve done for competitions”.  

He asked me why stanford. I give a whole host of reasons ranging from the culture and how I clicked with students when I visited, all the way to specific societies and research groups that sound interesting to me. He told me “that’s not quite good enough. You can find that entrepreneurial culture in any university.”  He asked where I’m applying other than Stanford, then told me “you don’t make sense. these universities don’t have any entrepreneurial culture at all”. 

The colleges I named? Harvard, Princeton, Cornell, USC, NYU (am applying to more but didn’t want to rattle off a list of 10). He also insulted USC and NYU saying they’re simply “party schools with average academics”. 

Then he asked me what my “thing” is. I asked him to clarify what he meant, and he said “everyone has something they’re amazing or world class at such as sport, drama or music. What about you?”  

Now I’m sorry I’m not an Olympic athlete, a talented actor or a world class musician. I can’t help that. I do what I do and have excelled at what I enjoy- and I enjoy a few areas. He called me “uninteresting” and told me “you will blend in with the 50,000 applicants, you’re not differentiated. “

He asked me about what I want to do when I’m older. I told him I want to start a company.  He responded “there’s no evidence you can do this. You have no evidence. You’re 17,18, why haven’t you built a successful company already?” 

I have family responsibilities and don’t even know which area I love most to start a company in. What does he expect from me?
He then told me “real passion and evidence” is like this example of a girl who did debating since she was 9. 

He then asked about what drives me. I open up about what drives me... and he completely shut me down and told me it’s “not really a motivation”.

He questioned me on if I drink alcohol. Obviously I say no even though I do.... then he criticises me and says it’s “ridiculous that You follow your parents wishes even when they’re  not around”. Eventually I break my guard and say I have the odd beer with friends. 

Then, he wrapped up the interview by telling me “I know what I’m saying is probably making your mind race at 100mph behind that superficial smile of yours but you have to drop that. “ in a serious tone. 
He told me I “don’t have a story, narrative or drive in life” and to go and “find them and email it” to him. 

He said he would email me what he’s going to report to stanford and “not to be disheartened by it”. 

Then, as he’s leaving he tells me “take your little notebook, reflect and sit there and take some notes on what I’ve said. “

As I said, in hindsight his comment about me spending my life studying was imo racially driven. In hindsight, I should’ve respectfully terminated the interview there and then. 
He had no right to make such a comment. 

I should’ve been self aware of the situation, instead I was taken aback by his comment and too involved.

Advice: if an interview is going badly, be self aware. Don’t take shit, even if you think your future is in their hands - because it really isn’t. 

Honestly I’d rather have taken the L there and then from Stanford (most likely happening anyway) than sit through and defend myself against a constant unfair, unwarranted bombardment of criticism. The tone he took with me was condescending at best. I was nothing but polite and sincere. Luckily, I’m not too upset by this. Just pissed off. If it were someone sensitive, with the way he spoke, they could well have been in tears. 

TL;DR: Interviewer was a huge asshole and constantly criticised me. I believe he stereotyped the fact I’m Asian  when he told me I “spend my life studying” and thus will “struggle at Stanford” without knowing anything about me. Advice: don’t take shit from interviewers. I should’ve walked out there and then. 

EDIT: This lasted 2 hours. 

EDIT: Thank you to everyone. I appreciate the support and amazing advice - even those that have been downvoted.

EDIT: I am Male. 

EDIT: There will be an update post after decisions are released by December 15. 

[UPDATE](https://www.reddit.com/r/ApplyingToCollege/comments/a46gxi/that_stanford_interview/?st=JPESTVPD&sh=96d699ce)