i’m so tired of my friend, what do i do?
i’ve known this friend for like 5ish years, and she’s seriously starting to annoy me. i don’t know exactly what she did but i’m literally around her 24/7, from being in the same friend group as her to being on the same team as her, there’s literally 1 day out of the week i don’t see her, and i’m so annoyed. i sit with her at lunch with our 2 other friends, i have a class with her almost everyday with one of our other friends, and like i mentioned i’m on the same team as her, and at most i’m with said team 4/7 days of the week. 

like i said i’ve known her for so long but we’re not even that close. i tell her some things, like minor problems in my life but i just feel so uncomfortable telling her anymore than that, and she doesn’t bring them up either. but, since i’m always around her (because i’m not THAT close with my other friends in our friend group/on our team) it’s normal for my other friends to leave me alone with her if that makes sense. i just feel like people associate us with each other in a way, since she’s always around me, and i don’t like that for some reason.

i like my other friends better, i feel so much more comfortable around my other friends than i do around her. yesterday we were at another school for a competition with my team. she accidentally got split from us and i was alone with the other 2 girls and it was so relieving to not be around her and as soon as she came back it was like.....stuffy. 

i guess it’s because i’m around her all the time that i feel this way but i just genuinely don’t want to be around her at all anymore. unfortunately for me, i have another 4 day week with my team, 3 days of school with her, and she basically invited herself over to spend the night at my house this weekend because her family’s gonna be out of town. i would tell my mom or one of my other friends i feel this way but i feel like they’d be so surprised because it’s out of the blue, since i normally act like everything’s ok. however, i sometimes am just a dick to her, not on purpose really it just happens. 

i don’t even know why i’m friends with her? we have the same sense of humor but that’s literally it. we don’t watch any of the same shows, like any of the same music, all we have in common is our friends, our sense of humor (a bit), and being on the same team. that’s it. i have so much more in common with my other friends, but this friend in particular has talked shit about the music/shows my other friends watch/listen to, to me, and i don’t really talk about music or shows i like with her a lot cause it’s just not what we talk about so it kinda made me feel bad in a way. 

i genuinely don’t know what to do, because like i said i like my other friends more but i can’t just randomly cut ties with this friend because everyone around me would think it’s weird. i just hate being around her all the time. i don’t really like being around people in general, i get too overwhelmed. i prefer to be alone most of the time so this is a really unfortunate situation for me to be in. i don’t know what to do at all, and i feel like i can’t talk to anybody about it, what should i do?

also, i would sit with the other girls from our team however, one of them is homeschooled and only comes to the school for practices and such, and one has her own friend group (i’m referring to the two girls i mentioned earlier) and i’m just not close with the other people on my team like that. just those 2. and even then, this friend is also friends with them too since we were all hanging out yesterday at our competition so she’d most likely follow me to sit with them. 

EDIT: also i said earlier it wasn’t anything she did but yeah nvm it is, she always asks me to buy her food and tells me to buy new clothes when for example my shoes are dirty and i guess you could say my family kinda struggles financially? and she comes from a rich family so she obviously doesn’t understand but i feel like by now she should. i tell her no because she’ll stand there saying “buy me _____” like 500 times when i’m standing in the lunch line and she won’t shut up and yeah whatever it is isn’t expensive but she always forces me into buying it for her when it’s her fault she never brings food to school/doesn’t buy lunch for herself. and she makes me feel bad about my clothing and always tells me my food looks gross? idk it’s not that big of a deal but it’s genuinely so annoying. and currently she’s spamming my phone because i won’t answer her texts so.....