Thank you for reading.
Hey,

I don't know if anyone is going to read this or not, but if you do, thank you.

I haven't been on a date in two years, been intimate with someone in 3, I know that doesn't matter and it doesn't matter to me that much. But it feels nice to be attracted to in some way. Every single girl in the past two years has ghosted me. Every. Single. One. I tried paying for tinder, paying for match, paying for bumble, and clover. Tinder is kind of a joke but I'm just saying I tried them all. I went out and tried to meet people in bars, games, events. I've had a woman look me up and down and say "ew" and walk away after I tried to talk to her. I don't know, the biggest thing I want in life is a loving wife and beautiful children. And I may only be 22 but I want that long relationship where there is nothing but love, started at a young age. I don't want to be 50 finding my soulmate. But nowadays people see one thing they don't like about you and they just assume the relationship will never work.

I've lost several friends this year because of how things have changed. My friends also ended up trying to make plans without me and hide the fact they were hanging out, most of the time it was because they wanted to smoke, and I dont. And my work has me travel, often, and for at least a few weeks at a time several states away and I can't go out and spend time with friends or family, because I don't know anyone and there aren't any co-workers nearby because they usually send me to areas where they have no one. And it just amplifies the depression and started to develop insomnia because of my depression and having a hard time trying to fall asleep in a hotel room.

I also play softball, I'm halfway decent but I'm not good and it gets to a point where there are really good players on the team and I still end up sitting the bench, I even paid to be on the team and they didn't, I ended up paying to play this year but kind of have my heart set on quitting, it's gotten to be toxic to me because I expect more out of myself than what happens, and just like the world everyone focuses on what you did wrong, not the many good things you have done.

This quarantine has not helped me mentally and the constant ghosting, friends making plans without me, and softball. Thank you for listening.