PSA for online dating always have a nice photo of yourself
If you are going to use online dating then you must have a good clear photo of yourself on your profile.  If you refuse to do this then you will not get people who will respond to your messages.  Most sites have filters where you can make it so only people with photos can message you.  You have people who will upload a photo of a lake and try to get around the photo filter.  a photo without you in it is still considered not having a photo.  If you have no desire to upload a photo of yourself on your profile then online dating is not for you and you should just delete your profile.  No one joins online dating to not see who they are talking to.  95% of people who refuse to put a photo of themselves on their profile are almost always in a relationship and cheating or are married and cheating.

&#x200B;

\*edit\*

I am not here to crap on people or put people down.  I am here to give good advice to people to help them be able to find their life partner.  I want people to feel happy and be happy.  I know how hard it is to feel hopeless and alone, as I myself have felt like that.  Once I decided to change the way I think about online dating I was able to find someone great and it worked out.  Any one of you in here can truly find someone great as long as you are not negative about yourself and you put photos up of what you actually look like.  I know it is hard to here but it works.  Some of you are just so hell bent on the fact that it is not gonna work and you are being so negative, which is probably why you are not having luck finding someone for yourself.  If you just be a little more confident in yourself you will find someone.  If you are not at all happy with yourself and how you look then you should take a step back from online dating and work on yourself until you are at least a good portion of the way happy with yourself.  If you are going to continue to go down a negative path and shoot down anyone trying to give you helpful advice then you are going to have a hard time trying to find someone.  I take it the people in this post with such negativity in their comments have deep rooted issues with themselves and their family members.  You also seem to possibly have deep rooted issues with someone in your past that has hurt you.  I suggest you help yourself if you feel down and out.