My job is NOT what I signed up for, do I continue to voice my concern to my boss or do I take a different approach and start looking for other work?
Some quick background information - I recently graduated from my second undergraduate degree in Finance. For approximately 7 months, I  have been working in a Business Analyst (BA) role for a utilities company and have previous held the same role position for a financial institute (as work experience for my degree).  I have a general idea of the career as I'm currently educating myself in the evenings so I can start my CPA designation as I see myself in an analysis/accounting role. The job market where I currently live is not the greatest so I applied for basically every entry level analyst job I could find and took the first one I could get (for financial reasons, I needed money and I needed it fast).

Here's the thing - I'm an entry level employee and I'm interested in finding a job where I can learn both  from hands on experience and mentoring, but I understand I have to keep my head down and do the mundane "chore" tasks that get assigned to me. Anyways, when I interviewed for the role, I made sure to ask questions about mentorship, where my duties would be focused, areas for growth and potential opportunities to learn, etc. The job was laid out to be an analysis role focused on process improvement and documenting, data gathering, interpretation and modelling. Unfortunately, outside the process modelling, I don't do much of the work mentioned above. 

To make matters worse:

1. There is a huge internal company project going on that limits the amount of money that is spent on projects outside of this initiative - basically new work is not exactly going to happen for the next 2-3 years because of this. 

2. My department is split into two teams: the BAs and the Operational Support team (OS). There is a massive growth plan for the support team because the need for the technology support is growing much faster than the team right now - which makes my role feel even more insignificant.

3. My manager has spoken to me about how my role will be shifting to accommodate the support team and I will likely be acting as a tool for them to use when they need to create/model processes or documentation. 

4. My current projects involve developing internal contests (which we are now not going to run), maintaining a website, documenting communication strategies, creating bi-weekly presentations for a stand-up meeting, other small one-off mundane tasks and supporting a technology upgrade (this one actually makes sense and fits scope).

I have voiced my concern, and my manager essentially responded with training will likely be through hands-on only, and your role will be shifting to more of a support role. I don't want to seem ungrateful because I'm lucky to have a job but I have slim to no mentorship, little support from my manager, and it is turning into a completely different job than I interviewed for. 

As you may have guessed, the culture is not the greatest either but that's beside the point. I feel like I'm stuck in a job where I'm learning near nothing, I feel underappreciated and I'm truly worried for my long-term career. I'm young and looking for opportunities to grow, learn and build a career so I'm a little scared I'm heading into the wrong direction and something needs to be done (I just don't know what).

Anyways, I don't mean to sound like I'm complaining, I just feel stuck. I'm just hoping to get anyone's advice on this or personal experience with something similar. Do I continue to voice my concerns or is there something better for me to do? Maybe it's at that point where I aggressively apply to new jobs and quit the one I'm in once I find a new one?

I really appreciate it, thank you to any responses in advance!