[Serious] Do I have to love my difficult, self-centered and narcissistic father?
Hey guys! Ever since I could remember my father and I have had a pretty strained relationship. Growing up my father had a very hard time expressing his emotions. For most of my childhood he was always at work and was always thinking about money. I vividly remember being really young, maybe six years old, and him showing me his bills and how much he had to pay. He would explain how much he is doing for me and that I should be thankful for his sacrifices. My whole childhood was spent discussing money, bills and my father's stress about making money and paying the bills. **I felt like his therapist instead of his daughter.** He only seemed to talk to me when he WANTED to rather than being there for me because he was my father. He never really took the time to get to know me, however, he didn't have any problems trying to exercise his control over me. He knew how to push my buttons with guilt, always trying to make me feel like his behavior was MY fault. He was very verbally abusive and didn't hesitate to curse or put me down. I spent a lot of my childhood trying to earn his love through awards, a nearly perfect GPA and a full four-year merit scholarship to college. Little did I know chasing after those things would never make him change. My dad is 62 years old now, and he still hasn't changed. Sure he doesn't yell as much anymore, but he's still the same guy. The only reason he's changed is for HIS own health because HE doesn't want to take in stress although he didn't mind making me and my mother stressed for the past 18 years. I'm at a stage in my life where I no longer felt empathy towards him. I don't know if I should love him. **How can I love my father if I don't like his personality? I really need help because these experiences still cut deep and hurt.** 

Just to sum up some of my traumatic experiences/memories associated with my father:

1. My dad talking non-stop about his stress and piling his emotional pain onto me . His favorite sentence is "I'm sick" (even though he isn't sick) and "My head hurts". He doesn't know how to have a conversation that doesn't involve HIM. It is always about him, his life and his problems. 
2. He only talked about money and bills. He always painted money in a negative light, and constantly reminded me of how sad and stressed he was about paying our bills. As a result, he made me feel like a burden on him. 
3. He likes drinking and socializing more than being a father. The only time I've seen my father really happy is when he drinking or with friends. He may stress about money but does not hesitate to buy a big bottle of alcohol for him and his friends. He drinks almost every night and self medicates his pain with alcohol. 
4. He use to be aggressive when I was a child. He would swerve the car if he got mad and his yell was very very very loud. He would basically scream in our faces and threaten to hit us if we challenged him or his authority. 
5. I saw him treat my mother like shit. He never once respected my mother or the work that she does to provide for me and my family. I watched him yell at her and curse at her. The first traumatic memory I have had of my father is him yelling and screaming and cursing at my mother to the point she left our apartment and ran out the door. I was five. 

&#x200B;

thank you for taking the time to read about my emotions, it means a lot!