I hate office culture, I hate my job, am burnt out and my mental health is suffering. After COVID dies down, I just want to work on building a life where I'll be happy. How can I make a realistic plan?
Firstly, I'll just preface this post by saying that I KNOW I'm lucky to have kept my job during COVID. I'm aware that many people have lost their jobs because of the pandemic and been forced into difficult situations (and my heart goes out to them). However, I hope it can be taken into account that many of us are struggling in many different ways right now.

Without getting into too much detail, I've been extremely unhappy with my job for some time now and was planning on leaving until COVID happened. I'm a copywriter at a marketing company. I honestly hate sales and marketing writing. I also now feel stuck and like I can't plan a proper exit strategy. I'm currently experiencing total employee burnout and my performance is really starting to slip. I haven't slept at all in the past night and this happens regularly. I'm also not eating properly and am just dealing with anxiety, depression and fatigue. I can hardly think or focus on anything.

However, my general feelings about this really aren't a result of what's happened with COVID. I've honestly been feeling this way for quite a long time now. My company's current work from home setup has not improved any of this, but even pre-COVID my company was very poorly managed, with a lot of inexperienced people running the show and an extreme lack of organization. There's a lot of trite, stupid stuff the company forces everyone to do to try to "make sure we work as a team". There are constant, excessive amounts of hour-long, sometimes two hour-long meetings (with an increased frequency during our current WFH setup), where nobody contributes anything valuable to a conversation and where I get the sense that they're only arranged so that managers feel relevant. There's a whooole lot of office politics and people getting their own way by kissing up to the right people. It's all so repulsive, fake and so many of these processes just take away from my productivity.

As someone who is by nature quite introverted and who greatly dislikes having to navigate through annoying people problems, constantly having to tread around the politics, put on a face and play a game every week has become so mentally draining. And that's not even on top of all the work I have. It's a regular occurrence that I work MANY extra hours on top of my regular ones, all of which I'm not paid for. Before we started WFH, I'd regularly stay at the office until 8, sometimes 9pm trying to get work done. Now, I just keep working and don't turn my computer off until late hours in the day.

I've had several people tell me I should find a better job and that my current company isn't run well, but I honestly fear that every office job is like this. That every office job will involve having to say things that you wouldn't normally say to people for 8 hours a day, having to participate in pretentious, vapid and unproductive meetings for the sake of making the more ego-driven staff feel important, having to listen to coworkers talk more about other people than the work itself, being constantly distracted, having to tread on eggshells, etc. I know many have probably said something of the like before me, but it just seems like there should be so much more to life than this. I see other people at my company who seem so excited about the culture, who seem so personable and like they fit into it so well, and I can't help but wonder... is it just me who sees through all of this, or are they just better actors than I am?

I'm a writer and an artist and as much as I am preparing to hear answers such as "this is life", "most people have to deal with this to get by financially" and "you won't make any money and will struggle taking an alternative route", I really can't fathom the idea of spending another 10 years of my life dealing with office culture and putting my time and energy into a climate I despise so much. I really want to value myself, my talents and my life more than this. I really don't want to live anymore if this is all there is to life.

Does anyone have a story they can share about how they transitioned out of this lifestyle and took on a job that allowed them more time to work on their creative pursuits? Such as working at a coffee shop, restaurant or something where you can clock in/clock out a little more easily? I know taking a pay cut is inevitable, but I want to explore the possibility of actually living a lifestyle that will make me happier. Feedback is welcome, and I apologize if this is lengthy and if any of this doesn't sound realistic.