Sending everyone hugs tonight.
You know who you are. You’re me, obsessively refreshing the worldnews and politics thread because you can’t sleep and you can’t stop thinking about it.  
  
And then you’re thinking about Australia and the fires, or the flu going around, or how your stomach has been in knots today and you didn’t eat dinner and now taking a shower seems impossible because there’s so much happening and you need to know what’s going to happen next.  
  
I want you to know you’re not alone, no matter what happens. I may not know you, but I am right there with you, and we can share this together. No matter what happens.  
  
Sending you all so many hugs.  
  
---  
  
Dear everyone,  
  
I am writing to let you know I am reading each and every single one of your comments. I made this post because I saw many posts talking about how scared folks are. Truth be told, I am scared too. I'm scared everyday. That's life with anxiety. Sometimes it is really small and it feels like I can just "ignore" it and put it in my back pocket, and sometimes it is really huge and like a gigantic elephant stomping around in my brain.  
  
I recognize the tendency in myself to get caught up in negative feedback loops (including obsessively reading about horrible things and obsessing over current events) and decided I would post something somewhat different for us because sometimes, just being honest, coming to /r/anxiety can leave me feeling a bit more anxious, lol.  
  
Whatever the case, I want to thank you all once again for taking the time to share your thoughts and feelings. It is good to know we're not alone. There are so many of us out there who want to see good things come out in the world. I want to share a passage that is comforting to me when things become difficult, and hope maybe it will be of some small comfort to y'all as well.  
  
>"The life of Man is a long march through the night, surrounded by invisible foes, tortured by weariness and pain, towards a goal that few can hope to reach, and where none may tarry long. One by one, as they march, our comrades vanish from our sight, seized by the silent orders of omnipotent Death. Very brief is the time in which we can help them, in which their happiness or misery is decided. Be it ours to shed sunshine on their path, to lighten their sorrows by the balm of sympathy, to give them the pure joy of a never-tiring affection, to strengthen failing courage, to instil faith in hours of despair. Let us not weigh in grudging scales their merits and demerits, but let us think only of their need--of the sorrows, the difficulties, perhaps the blindnesses, that make the misery of their lives; let us remember that they are fellow-sufferers in the same darkness, actors in the same tragedy as ourselves. And so, when their day is over, when their good and their evil have become eternal by the immortality of the past, be it ours to feel that, where they suffered, where they failed, no deed of ours was the cause; but wherever a spark of the divine fire kindled in their hearts, we were ready with encouragement, with sympathy, with brave words in which high courage glowed."  
- Bertrand Russell, A Free Man's Worship