Regarding the Santa Cruz Grading Strike
Please to not be fooled by them.  California is expensive but we all "suffer" the same, including the undergrads that these graduate students were supposed to serve.  Being a graduate teaching assistant is basically a training job, and when we elect to attend graduate school it is generally accepted that you will need to live very frugally, and possibly take out loans.  It's a period of optional economic disadvantage in the hopes that when it's done we will be at an advantage with our PhDs and all.  The people complaining about "90% rent burden" are sometimes unfortunate cases where it's all they could find, but more frequently it is people who choose to live alone.  I've lived 3 different places in Santa cruz, and the first one put me at "70% rent burden" so you know what I did?  I took out a 20k loan.  My peers should be ashamed of themselves. I am ashamed of being a UCSC grad myself right now. Their tactics are unfair, they got a win, considered it a loss, and then willingly and knowingly chose to be fired so they could look like martyrs. Now they are asking to be reinstated. Ri-freaking-diculous.  Also, so everyone knows, they chose to block the metro buses onto campus today, like every day in the last 4 weeks, but that meant that they prevented a ton of people from voting, which is likely considering that the apathy threshold the public has toward voting at all is fairly low.  But here are the facts:

To the general public:

1). We take home $2,100 cash after taxes for a maximum of 20 hr work weeks (and the chancellor just offered 5 yrs guaranteed funding and 2.5k/yr housing supplement)

2) They are asking for an additional $1,400 gross income

3) We receive tuition remission

4) We receive excellent health care

5) We have access to emergency funds via slug support

6) We have access to free food pantries once a week which I myself have used (boohoo?)

7) We are all eligible as grads for $20k/yr in loans, which you would presumably take out if, I don't know, your circumstances were dire, or like, you had a kid

These are amazing benefits for a ***graduate student***. I am grateful AF to my school because I feel like they've taken pretty damn good care of me considering how much I've been through since starting grad school.  Don't buy their propaganda, please.  It upsets me to see this small minority of enraged, mob mentality, high horse BS when the school has done so much to try and help its grads.  Don't get me wrong, they are part of the problem, but they were made aware during week 1, and immediately offered the 2.5k and 5 yrs funding.  It's being addressed, and that was made clear before those people CHOSE to get fired.