Does anyone else feel straight addicted to their phone, even though you feel as though it just intensifies anxiety?
I know people who literally leave their phones just off for hours or never check them and I’m over here like obsessively checking shit every five seconds. Partly because I totaled my car and can’t really go anywhere currently/not much to do in my town that’s walkable and partly because I use social media a lot to find things I need.  Like currently:

Moving states in two weeks and have about a month to find a roommate once I move. Facebook is great for this.

Also need a new (to me) car in the next month. Also need to use social media/the internet for this.

I like concerts so I follow a lot of artists and that’s how I get a lot of free tickets or pre sale codes.. and this requires scrolling through IG to find usually. IG is either mind numbing entertainment or just toxic to me. Seems to be no in between.

I don’t want to be a slave to my phone and anxiety and it’s not like I have no hobbies I can explore. I kind of just feel crippled by anxiety and it’s ironic my go to place is my phone. And if I DON’T indulge my brain and check whatever it is=anxiety. Catch fucking 22z

Most of the time, no one even gives a shit what I post anyways so I don’t know why I’m posting this in the first place. One of the only true positive places on my phone is the random acts of amazon subreddit. Everything else is just comparison, boredom, wondering why people don’t talk to me (which I know I partially do to myself), wishing I was not in physical pain all the time and posting about it and then immediately deleting cause I feel stupid afterwards... you get the gist.

I’m just in a super weird head space right now and I don’t feel very supported living at my narcissistic mothers house til I move. Or really much at all lately. Idk. I can’t even tell if it’s all just in my head at this point. I wake up anxious and sad and go to bed anxious and sad and I just want to be happy dude.

God sometimes I just wish cell phones didn’t even exist still. Simpler times. I don’t know what I need but all I know is I feel like I’m annoying the only people I have in my life who I feel I can truly confide in, because you can only listen to someone complain about something for so long....and it’s all just stupid anxiety.

I’m so over it. So much. 

Tips?