My friend saved my life yesterday and she doesn't know it.
This is my first post to reddit, first time using it really. I just wanted to put this out there because I can't bring myself to tell anyone I actually know. And I'm not looking for sympathy or attention either.. I knew what I was doing. Yesterday had been one of my low points. One of the lowest in my life. I suffer from depression and lately it's been really hard. My fiance doesn't understand how someone can be depressed. She thinks that I should just choose to not be and so talking to her is impossible. I have friends, really great friends might I add, that would listen and be there for me but they all have things going on in their lives and I wouldn't want to burden them with my problems. My family loves me too but I hardly reach out to them so I definitely don't want the one time I finally do to be about my issues. I know I know, it's the depression talking right? But anyways, I was home alone yesterday and I just couldn't climb out of the hole I'd been in. Me and my fiance were fighting really bad and I didn't know what else to do. I sat on the bed and pulled out the gun in her nightstand and looked at it for awhile. I kept putting it up to my head and back down again. I was terrified and angry at myself for feeling scared. I finally put it up to my head and sat there for a minute longer. As my finger finally went to the trigger I got a text from my friend Brooke. It literally said this, "Hey friend, thinking about you, and I love you so much. Thanks for dealing with my nonsense :) you're an amazing human." Now granted we hadn't been texting that day and I can't make this up. I literally got it the moment I decided to end it, like something out of a movie. I broke down crying and immediately put the gun up and just grabbed my dog and sat on the ground. Now I can't say I won't feel my depression eat at me anymore but she made me realize in that moment that I wouldn't just be ending my pain by doing that, but I'd be passing it to the people I love. And that scares me the most. I still haven't told her, I don't think I ever will, but she saved my life yesterday and she has no idea. It might've not had been a big deal to her sending that to me but it changed my world. Literally. If there's anyone reading this that is feeling suicidal, please try and remember that. There will always be someone out there that loves you, even if that person is a random internet stranger. Thanks for reading.