I messed up with a girl, everyone tells me to move on even though it's my fault...
So started hanging out with this girl.

We clicked at an extrinsic level at the very least. All the same interests and similar personalities. 

Hooked up after a ball I invited her to. Got her sick. She's incredibly busy but she agreed to clear her entire day one day so we could hang out all day. But she got mad at me for getting her sick/was resting so that was scrapped. 

I was somewhat annoyed and went out to a party and ended up hooking up with a random girl. She gave me a hickey.

Next day I see my girl and she sees the hickey. She texts me later asking about it and I just fudge around with her about it because she said it is no big deal.

So I keep inviting her to hang out and she keeps on flaking or saying she can't. 

Finally after telling her I like her for her personality etc. etc. (like after a month of flakes) she FINALLY gives me the time of day and we hang out for an hour or so. 

At this point it is finals time and we try but fail to hang out. 

Over the summer we text some and we both like adventure so we agree on me driving all the way to her house, 2 hours away, sneaking into her house on a Thursday. (Her family was going to be gone the next morning, for the weekend)

So we do that, smoke weed the next morning, and end up hooking up some. I get her out of her shirt/bra and start fingering her but she starts giving all these reasons why we shouldn't go further. So after some persistence, I give up and the day goes on rather normally. We hangout with her friends and they all did crazy ass drugs while I drove 'em around. 

Then around 9 PM she goes across her yard and starts talking with a couple of her girl friends...next thing I know she tells me she doesn't feel comfortable staying with me the weekend and is going to sleep at her friend's house...she says I didn't cross any boundaries with the hooking up and she just realized that she didn't feel comfortable spending the entire weekend with someone she doesn't know really, really well...

I act calm and collected and actually stick around for a bit before she brings up that she is surprised I stuck around and a switch flipped in me and I basically said "you know what, I should leave." and leave. She is saying sorry and all this crap whilst this is going on and I just say "actions speak louder than words" and she leaves me in my car in the garage all upset. 

She texts me apologizing again. I don't answer her for a week or so before deciding that maybe I was also in the wrong. We had only hung out 10 times and considering the sluttiness I already exuded she probably felt like I was just another conquest to her and she herself felt like a slut. 

So in comes the next semester. She flakes or can't hang out with me again and again and again. I finally tell her I like her and all but if she isn't going to make the time for me to hang out or if she doesn't even like me then don't even bother texting me. 

So she says she'll make time. We hang out. Everything seems pretty good in our little world.

Eventually things go to shit as they always do. She was telling me how she was on tinder just for when she was bored to talk to guys so I felt no problem going on tinder too. She texts me saying her friend saw me on tinder and she was happy to be in one of my pictures...so I just say how I don't want to be on tinder and that's because I like you but I never see you. She goes on to say she doesn't wanna lead me on and she isn't sure whether she likes me and thinks she would by now and all this bullshit. I couldn't believe it. So I get all sappy and smooth and try to get her to give me one more chance and that I know she liked me in the past and needs to look past the whole hickey issue and all because we clicked in the past. She ignores all of my emotional opening up just to say "hahaha ___" ___ being some random anecdote I mentioned in my text. 

I don't text shit after that. 

Then I bought pot brownies from a guy she knows about a week later and for whatever reason she decides she needs to text me to let me know to only take half a brownie because they are really strong. I ignore of course.

And she has been snapchatting me ever since. Everyday. 

So I feel like shit and can't get her off my mind. I feel like I fucked up by making her feel like a slut and she also probably associates me with bad feelings because she decided to kick me out of her house (she said that was the worst thing she has ever done to anyone...). 

But things are more complicated than that as it doesn't even make sense that she was mad at me for the hickey crap...she was actively hooking up with a dude whom she apparently "really liked"...though I do imagine she means moreso the way I treated the situation by fudging around/beating around the bush. 

So I don't know. I want her bad. I find her adorable...we click at an extrinsic level...I feel like we'd have a good thing going if she ever gave me a real chance. But maybe she is a bitch like all my friends, guys and girls, say and I should just move on...but my heart doesn't want me to. 

Thank you for reading and even more so if you let me know wat do. 

My birthday is coming up in a couple of weeks so what I THINK I should do is just see what she does...I am hoping she texts me and I can then say "we should talk in person" and mention that I am frustrated that she's overlooking the great times we had before the hickey incident and that I am upset at myself for being such a jerkoff and I acknowledge that my actions made her feel like a slut and a dirtbag. But if she gave me that day she promised me way back when, I'd charm the hell out of her, with pizza.