I’m reluctant to talk with my parents about personal matters
Female in high school from asian family. I have complicated feelings towards my parents. The way they parent and speak to me I find really harsh. But I’m always so unsure of myself and I can’t distinguish wether it’s actually them or I’m actually stupid and they’re right. But that’s not the main problem I’m coming to reddit for.. I’ll give some background info first...

They would always say things along the lines of: “Are you even going to graduate?” “Why would you take an AP class it’s too hard for you” or stuff where I’m trying to have a normal conversation and they always turn it into how I need to just focus on school. I wish they’d trust me and realize that their choice of words is not encouraging, I find it rather insulting. This is something that I’ve brought up many times before but it’s like they hear me, but don’t listen to how hurt I feel. My mom in particular gets somewhat offended when I get sad or depressed. When I’m sad or depressed she gives me this disdainful look like “Really?“ And she tells me just to be happy and it’s all in my head. And somehow manages to make it about herself like “it’s always my fault” and “no matter what we do you’ll always be unhappy so what’s the point in trying anymore”

There was a particular moment in middle school in which my grades weren’t particularly good but they definitely weren’t close to failing. My mom came into my room at night while I was sleeping and was screaming at me and scolding me for having such bad grades. I was sobbing and kept telling her to get out and she wouldn’t for what was probably like 20 minutes but it felt like forever. Ever since then I’ve always locked my door and I refuse to let anyone into my room. That moment is always something that really messed with my head, until this day.

I was trying to express to my dad how depressed I was feeling and my mom came downstairs. I was crying and shaking and when I get like that I want to throw up. I didn’t want to talk to her because of the way she speaks to me. I brought up the time she came into my room just to express how stupid I’m being and she claims she doesn’t remember. I tell her it’s not something I would ever make up and she just interrupted me saying that she would never do something like that. That memory is so vividly engraved in my head and it’s honestly so frustrating.

Asking for advice on how to deal with this? I’m really struggling to figure out what to do about it.