Hardest 3 Years of my Life
I have been wanting to post for a while and didn't feel comfortable doing do in other subs. But here... I think you would understand. And I just want to finally tell someone, anyone, what I've secretly been going through.

3 years ago, I lost my career path. No warning. Savings cushioned the blow, but only for so long. I grew up poor poor, so I switched to hardcore frugal mode. Local market was flooded with applicants after the oil bubble popped in our region, so finding jobs was difficult. As savings dried up, I took what I could get. I got a minimum wage job, but full time and benefits. Better than some. Better than part time. It was something, and I held on for dear life.

Literally my income was half of what it had been. I sold off stuff and minimized everything. I penny pinched. I still managed to make payments, negotiating dates when I had to. A few tight months messed me up with my CC, but I had no choice.

I studied online courses and decided to upgrade as much as I could. I applied for different jobs in my company, and accepted a lateral move with zero pay upgrade in order to get more experience. It was more work, harder and my boss was insufferable. But, I needed the experience.

Then, I got sick. For months I put it off and kept going to work. I couldn't lose my job. Until one day I couldn't walk. I was vomitting from pain. I was hospitalized. I nearly died. I had an autoimmune disease, and it presented as organ damage. It had gone on so long that I had a systematic infection.

I've never been in such pain before. This pain was off the charts. Kidney stones were a walk in the park compared to that. Words can even describe it. 

I was medicated and treated, but I refused to take disability. I think that was one reason I pulled through. I had to. 

I went back to work. I kept my job. I kept doing my courses. I battled pain every day from the damage. I lost 25lbs (I'm normally 5'6", 135lbs female).

I kept going, because I didn't want to lose everything. I got a better doctor and support group. I started to recover. Then I got a small raise! I got moved to a department that taught me new things.

After 2.5 years, I starting applying for higher wage positions. Internal and external. I suffered a relapse and was hospital admitted again.

Then, I got a phone call from the job I wanted most.

"Interview? Tomorrow?"

I accepted, and signed myself out of the hospital. I went to the interview the next day.

I nailed it, and got the job. While hiding toe-curling pain.

I used my banked vacation hours to finish my stay at the hospital and use that time to recover as best I could. I started my first day at my new job still in a state of organ distress, but I was slowly improving. Not enough to need a hospital.

This past year has been the hardest one of my life. I literally thought I wasn't going to make it.

And I pushed through it all. 

This new job nets me an extra $750/month takehome more than I was used to making before. (Which might not be huge for some regions, but it's huge for me)

I cried over my first deposit. I literally didn't know what to do with the money for the first month. I just left it in my account for the first two weeks, because I wasn't used to seeing three digits after bills. I bought real cheese for the first time in a year. I remember that. Smoked gouda. 

Even making minimum wage for 3 years, I paid down $1k on my CC ($669 left), $2.6k on my LOC ($7.7k left), kept my car, kept my housing and kept my cat. 

Nobody around me can understand this battle. I survived. I'm not out of the woods yet, but I survived. And I guess I just wanted to tell someone. That I'm proud of myself. That I have never fought harder. And, for once in my life, it paid off. 


Tl:dr; Lost my job, burned through savings, went hardcore frugal mode, upgraded, got sick and still managed to get back on my feet after nearly dying





Edit: I should explain a bit of background. I'm being asked why I didn't ask for help....

Well, because that was my entire life growing up. I was poor poor. Mom was a single parent. No child support. No family nearby. I remember the food bank. I remember my mom on the phone with so many people. I remember her crying when we would get declined or if it wasn't processed properly. I remember the day we got escourted out of our apartment and moved to a different one due to qualification issues. I remember the day I got Fruit Loops in a food bank box and I would eat only 4 pieces by hand to make it last, because I never knew if I would ever get it again. I recieved hand-me-down clothes my entire life and never bought new ones until my first job at 16. Even after I got a job, it went to the house. I had to help dig my mom out. And I did. I paid for the down payment on her house by 20. I helped get us out, because I had to.

And I swore I would fight tooth and nail to never have to experience that again. It destroyed my mother, and if I could avoid reaching that point, I would. 

It was my back-burner option. If my efforts failed. If I lost work again. If my housing was threatened. But, I couldn't do it first. It sounds like pride, but it's better to explain it as a fear. I was afraid of putting my faith in others. I couldn't go down that route until I had exhausted all opinions. And it never came to that, although it was close a few times.

Fear is a hell of a motivator.


2nd EDIT:

No, I'm not advocating people kill themselves to try and push through illmess or refuse assistance when they get sick. WTF. Everyone needs to deal with their own situations their own way. 

Don't agree how I handled this? Great! Do better than I did! Learn and do better than me! I want you to. I hope you do!