I tried to kill myself but survived and no one knows
January  8th 2020 I was driving home listening to Amy Winehouse and decided that this was my time. It was on a windy, empty country road, late at night, in torrential rain- accidents happened there all the time. I had just finished having dinner with my housemate at University and was on my way to my hometown to see my family. No one would suspect a thing. I closed my eyes, let go of the steering wheel and put my foot down. 

When I opened my eyes my vision was blurred, but I could see that my windshield had caved in. I proceeded to crawl out across the passenger seat, opening the door with my elbow as hands were covered in shards of glass. There was no shock, no confusion. I felt a small sense of relief that I wasn’t paralysed, and a bigger sense of relief that I hadn‘t hit anyone else. But other than that, I still felt just as dead inside as I had prior to the crash.

I went through the motions. Strangers came to my aid, followed shortly by the paramedics and later my parents. I laughed and smiled through it, cracking jokes about ordering my preferred cocktail of pain relief and apologising for keeping everyone up so late. I had just survived a near fatal car crash and already the guilt and shame of everyone worrying about me was kicking in.

I had aquaplaned across the road, accelerating into a hedge, before flipping my 2004 corsa four times, knocking down a row of silver birches in the process and spinning 20m down the country lane. I had landed upright but the roof of the car had moulded around my headrest. I’m only 5’2”, if I was a couple of inches taller my head would have been caved in. I should have been dead. 

Instead, I spent a week in hospital lying on my back, completely immobilised, awaiting my C7 spinal surgery. Post-surgery, my doctor told me he’d seen MRI scans like mine where the patient had already been paralysed, so I guess the fact that I walked out of hospital after 9 days with Just a neck brace was a silver lining. 

Since then I‘ve carried on keeping up appearances. Things have changed, some for the better, some for the worse. For a while, my frustration that I had survived was outweighed by my relief that I wasn’t paralysed, and in truth that is still the case. But my fear of putting my family through something like that again is starting to wear off. It‘s a constant fight between my happiness and their grief. What’s more important? Should I continue to suffer silently in a world where I feel completely lost and alone, just to postpone their mourning for what will eventually happen anyway?