I am a deeply stupid person and I feel completely hopeless
For most of my life I've just been blissfully unaware. Classic stupid person attitude that I was special and unique, with no evidence to back it up. Recently, my life circumstances have forcibly shoved me into doing some reflecting, and I can come to no other conclusion than that of being a gigantic fucking idiot. Just all around dumb. It makes me want to kill myself when I consider that this is fundamentally who I am at my core. Here are some examples of how I know I am a deeply stupid person:

1. I smoked weed throughout high school and did the bare minimum to pass my classes and get into college. I never gave a shit about my major, but just sort of blindly accepted that I was going to college now. I graduated, after having spent most of my energy partying, with a degree that left me $75,000 in debt. I got a job in my major, but was laid off after three years. During my time at my job, I don't feel like I advanced at all, because I was incurious, lazy, and overall unengaged. I showed up half an hour late almost every day. I was a graphic designer, but didn't save any work for a portfolio, so I have nothing to show for it. I've been unemployed for almost a year. I can trace this unfortunate circumstance all the way back to high school, when I didn't have a care in the world. This is also a reflection of my non-existent critical thinking skills. If I had any foresight or insight into problem solving, I would have planned SOMETHING for myself throughout the years. Instead, I coasted through life as if I had no future, with no plan, no thought, and no fucking brains.
2. I can never remember anything. I can't remember names or events, in movies or in real life. Because of this I don't really have any opinions. I forget everything nearly as quickly as it happens. A friend of mine recently watched The Fellowship of the Ring. He was trying to have a conversation with me about some of his favorite parts of the movie, but it was all lost on me. I've seen the movie at least a half dozen times, and I would consider it one of my favorite movies to watch, but I literally couldn't remember anything from it. It's like this with everything. I have a cursory understanding of several hobbies and interests, but I am unable to focus long or hard enough to learn any sort of deeper information in any meaningful way. I'm a bore in conversation because I have nothing to say, because I've never really learned anything. This causes me to have very low self-esteem. I'm too stupid to remember anything, learn anything, or participate in the world in any way that is remotely interesting.
3. I am fundamentally lazy. For as long as I can remember, I always have taken the easy way out. I chose my college because I knew I would get in, and then I tried as little as possible. I spend most of my days on my phone, endlessly scrolling through Twitter and Instagram. I don't take the time to develop hobbies or interests, because I'd rather vegetate my life away in a stew of mediocrity and boredom. I lack that fundamental trait of the intelligence: curiosity. I tend not to dig deeper into subjects that may potentially interest me. I'm so fucking dull I put myself to sleep. I can't keep things clear in my head. It's always a jumbled mess. There's no order to anything I do. I always have an empty fucking look on my face that says "VACANT." Even if I tried to learn something, I'd just forget it anyway. I'm going to lose all my friends because I'm so self-conscious about my idiocy that I get jealous of them for the smallest things, such as reading a new book or baking themselves cookies.
4. I can't keep up in conversation or follow directions. Usually I just sit there quietly. I live with three very intelligent and creative people, and when we're all in the same room together, I'm overwhelmed with feelings of inferiority as I listen to their conversations, which are clever, insightful, funny, and informed. I sit there quietly and feel like an idiot. I literally don't say anything. I have nothing to say. It's like this with everyone. I can't keep up. I'm slow and stupid. My friends are going to get bored of me. Who would want that around? Nobody will ever hire me because I'm stupid and empty.
5. I lack emotional intelligence. I don't know how to make people feel better when they feel sad. I don't know how to tell people what they need to hear when they're feeling down or when life has thrown them a curveball. I'm an emotional black hole who takes far more than I could ever hope to give. There's something fundamentally lacking in the way I treat people. When a friend's family member died recently, I didn't know what to say to comfort them. I said "I'm so sorry. I'm sending you love." It's not enough. There's something missing. I'm so wrapped up in my own problems that I can hardly see outside of myself. I find my own emotions and the emotions of others to be a total mystery. I wish I could help people. I wish I could help my friends feel better when they're upset. I never know what to say or how to say it. I come off as robotic and strange. I'm going to lose all my friends because I don't know how to be a real friend when it comes down to it.

These are just a few small examples. My idiocy extends into every area of my life. It covers my entire reality. Not a moment goes by that isn't informed by the fact that my brain is just not a very good one. I have official diagnoses of depression and ADHD. Over the past couple of months, I've diagnosed myself with narcissistic personality disorder, borderline personality disorder, and autism spectrum, but I've finally reached the conclusion that my primary affliction is mild intellectual disability. I'm simply slow and stupid. My intelligence is low. It makes me feel suicidal to know that I will never be able to have an insightful conversation. I'll never be a scientist or an artist or a political theorist. I'll never be able to be in a meaningful relationship or raise a child. My brain function is low. There aren't too many connections being made up there. I don't know what the point of going on is. I know I write kind of snappy, and it may deceive you into thinking that I'm smarter than I think I am, but please trust me that everything I've said is true. I just simply can't keep up with anything. I can't keep anything straight. I can't communicate or engage in a meaningful relationship. I don't know what the fuck I'm going to do. I hate the person that I am and the person that I've always been. I'm so fucking stupid. I'm so ashamed.