Should I ask to be reconsidered for a position I declined a few months ago?
I am in a troubled situation...... and kinda want to beat myself for it.  I received two job offers in June and long story short, now I want the one I declined.  One job was a contract position with a non-profit and the other was with a large finance company as a full time employee.  I had been in the corporate world for such a long time that I wanted to try working at a non-profit and had been looking for that type of opportunity.  At the same time I started interviewing for that, I was put in contact with a friend of a friend at the finance company and we ended up meeting for lunch and then I was asked to interview in person with multiple people and after a background check I was made an offer.  Within hours I was also offered the nonprofit contract to hire job.

I thought about it over a weekend and felt that I should try the non-profit because I believed in the mission, etc. and at the end of the day I had the flexibility to move on fairly easily if I found I hated it immediately because it was contract to hire.  Fast forward 3 months and I was told they were immediately ending my contract due to finances and I left that morning.  Needless to say, I am now without a job with no warning after I was just getting back on my feet.  When I declined the other job I sent the hiring manager a nice email and explained that I really appreciated her time and I just wanted to try something different and it had absolutely nothing to do with the offer or the company.  Had the timing been different, even by a few days, I would have accepted that position.

I don't know if her specific position is still open but they do have the role open on their website.  I really made a mistake.  I guess if I want to look at the silver lining it would be that I at least tried something and learned it was not for me, but now I have no job.  The contract company will look for something too but they weren't expecting it either so there isn't anything lined up.

I want to reach back out to the finance company and ask to be reconsidered.  I just have no idea how to approach it.  I didn't decline on bad terms and did explain that it was an apples to oranges situation so I do think that is positive.  How do I approach this situation?  Should I reach back out to the recruiter or directly to the hiring manager?  Is it a bad idea in general?  I thought calling would be the most professional thing to do but I feel weird doing that knowing that everyone uses their cell phone and it is a bit of an awkward potential conversation.  I want to be able to explain myself which I know would come through much clearer in writing.  How do you even title an email like that?  What would I put in the subject line?  I am inclined to go back through the recruiter given I would still have to go through official channels regardless.  And I know there are similar roles open even if it isn't hers that maybe I could still be considered for which a recruiter would know more about.  I also know how busy email gets and if I reach directly out to her I feel like there is a chance she would miss it or not have time to respond immediately and I don't want to put her in that position given she is a friend of a friend.  I feel like if she is going to say no or that the position has been filled it would be much easier for her to not have to do it directly to me.  

But I could be overthinking it.  Does anyone have advice?  I am a bit panicked right now which doesn't help with the thinking clearly. 

Thanks in advance!!