Re do
Ok so i just posted it but i reread it and it was really confusing so I am going to retype it. 

Me ( F 19) and my friend M ( M 17) have been friends for about 9 years. I had a crush on him for a good amount of time and he recently got in a relationship with V , a mutually friend. At the beginning of their relationship i acted out of jealousy and i was very cold to her. After a little i realized my mistake and i talked to her about this. I never told her that i had feelings for him but i apologized for my rude behavior. I thought she accepted my apology but for about 2 months of trying to talk to her and hang out with her she would just ignore me so i gave up. During christmas i decided to throw a small get together and i decided to invite M but not V. Before i sent out invites i asked him if this was okay and he understood and said that it was okay. After about a week M and V were being kinda rude to me and i asked him what was up and he said she was really hurt that you didnt invite her. I was confused because she had actively ignored me for over 2 months. I apologized to her and invited her to my party. That same week our mutual friends N (F 18) and S (18) told me that she decided to throw her own party on the same day and invite all the people i invited to mine plus more. I just decided to cancel my get together to try to get away from the situation. After this situation i tried again to become friends with V and her friend K (f 18), K and me were really close but she has been pooling away lately. Everything i tried got denied and i was sick of it. I didnt tell M, N, or S this was happening because i didnt want to ruin their relationship with K and V. A month ago N and S came to me and told me that V and K were talking crap about all of us ( me, N and S ) I wasnt that hurt because i expected this but it really hurt N and S because they were closer to them. we tried to get over it and make things better between us but it didnt work. 
2 weeks ago we all went on a trip to disney with our band and of course we were all put together in a room. Me , V, K, S, N, and my new friend E (f 16). We all tried to include V and K into things we did but they ignored us. During the trip we really wanted to hang out with M but V is a super jealous girlfriend so we thought it was better to not talk to anyone in her group. M thought we were mad at him but i explained why after the trip. V and K told M that we were the ones ignoring them. This got me frustrated because they were ignoring us the whole time and they were whispering about us in our room. Me, S, and N are so frustrated with what is happening and we decided to talk to M. He was curious why all his friends were leaving him and we felt like it would be better to tell him what is happening. He suggest all of us (including V and K) talk together and my group agreed. M was talking to V about this and she got pissed at him and yelled at him for talking to us. 
Lately me N, and S have stepped away from the group just to get rid of all the drama. But to day things happened. S's birthday is coming up so she sent invites and since her and V and K are not in good standing she didnt invite them (also should be known that they didnt invite her to their party), but she did invite M. V found this out today and is no longer talking to anyone and she is putting M in a hard situation. It is like she wants him to pick his friends or her. Seeing all my friends so upset and sad really gets to me and i need fix this. I am moving far away in 3 months and i would really love to leave knowing that there is no bad blood. Please help if you can. Thank you 

also sorry for the long feed