Big changes in my life have left me feeling so utterly lost.
*I don't really know what I'm writing this for. I think it's mainly to get it off my chest and try and get my brain to order all this craziness and start working through it all, but I don't even know. I can't approach anyone friend or family with any of this because, well mainly I don't really have any friends that I can approach with this sort of thing and me and my family are no where near close enough for it.

So, when I was a teen, about 14/15 (15 years ago now) I thought I was gay. It wasnt just a passing "phase" or whatever, I genuinely thought I was. Women did nothing for me, I'd tried, like most teens my age. But it just did not work out. Then I met a guy, he was a few years older than me, maybe 18/19 when we first met. I absolutely adored him, he was everything I wanted to be and more. He was openly gay, so caring, open, gorgeous and he wanted me to talk to him.

It took til I was about 16 to finally open up to himand say I thought I was gay. I remember that day like it was yesterday as he looked me straight in the eye and said, kiss me then if you want to. It took me by surprise but by god the way just that simple statement made me feel, was unreal. I knew then that I wanted him, and I was definitely gay.

Now we were together maybe 3 years, then he utterly broke my heart. Not deliberately, or intentionally, but he did. He'd asked me to move him with him, and look at starting a life properly together. I'd gone over to speak to him about it and try and work out where we were going to go wit this, and his best mate was there. I overheard their entire conversation, and she slated me so badly, like I was shit on the bottom of her shoe, she told him he was making a mistake etc etc. He never once defended me, or tried to convince her I wasn't a bad guy or a mistake.

I went home after that, utterly heart broke, not understanding what had happened. He called me and I straight up asked him about it, asked him if he thought the same as he'd not defended me, and he said he wasn't sure. He didn't know if we had a future etc.

Now, years later I completely understand the hesitancy, at the time I didn't realise how big a commitment it was and took it the wrong way. Anyway, we moved past that and I was part living with him and part living at home. Then I found out a year later he'd been sleeping with another man for 4 months. I was absolutely heart broken, I'd been making plans for our future, I'd finally been able to tell my friends and family that I was gay, and that I was on love with a man.

Then boom, everything shattered. I tried to get over it, but I just couldn't. I swore after that that I didn't want anyone else ever again.

Then a year or so later I met my now Ex wife. When we first met it was purely friendship, but then I fell in love with her. I wasn't physically attracted to her, I didn't want her in that way, but I loved that woman so much. We ended up getting into a relationship, ended up getting married, we even had 2 kids.

I've spent the last few years struggling really badly with my identity, I've suffered serious depression and anxiety episodes. I've lost weight, then gained more than I lost. I've gone back to smoking, I then quit. I ended up addicted to codeine as I couldn't talk to anyone about what was going on in my head and I needed an escape.

2 months ago my now ex wife finally decided she didn't want to be with me anymore, and she took our kids and left. The first few weeks after she left, I was on a massive downward spiral. I was suicidal, I was abusing codeine tablets by an insane amount. I took up smoking again, and that's got to the point where I'm on 40 a day again.

A couple weeks ago I decided that maybe this is time for a fresh start for me, and maybe I should stop pretending I'm not gay, that I'm not who I know I am. When I made that decision it honestly felt like a massive weight had been lifted off my shoulders. I spoke to my elder sister and she was happy for me and is trying to support me as best she can, but I'm in a massive hole now because I darent admit to anyone else that I'm gay.

I feel like I'm a dissapointment already and I don't want the few people I have left in my life to think any less of me or leave me because of this. But at the same time I feel the need to shout it from the roof tops and no longer hide it.

I don't know what to do, I want to be happy, I want to be me, I want to be able to live life again instead of watching it pass me by, but I just don't know how to overcome all the pain and negativity that's in my own head and heart never mind from anywhere else.

Sorry I just needed to get this out.*

***TL;DR***

***I'm gay, but hid that fact from my now ex wife, and spent a decade denying who I was. She's now left and I do not know how to be myself, the open, caring gay man that I know I am as I've had it locked away for so long and I feel like I'm doing something wrong by wanting to come out.***