My boss is asking me to do things outside of my job description. I'm afraid it's getting out of hand. How can I turn this around?
I recently started my first full time job out of undergrad. I'm a creative writer. That's what I'm qualified to do. That's what I know. The job is at a small law firm, and I was hired to run the blog, help draft damages letters, and so on. 

A few weeks ago, things were going well. I was writing regular blog content and spicing up things that needed to be sent to defendants or shown in court. It took a bit of a learning curve, but I was completely on top of it. 

Then my boss decided our website needed a redesign. I thought he'd outsource the design and have me write the site text. I showed him some other sites I thought were well designed and pointed out how design language could be used to engage potential clients. Suddenly I was in charge of the design. 

Right away, I told him that despite having some limited knowledge of good UX principles, I was not qualified to do an entire website. He told me that I'm "smarter than I think." 

Now I've been working on the site for a few weeks. I got him to let me use a pretty dumbed down website building tool so that it would look nice despite the fact that this isn't something I've done before. He keeps asking me to add in animations and build pages that a) this building tool doesn't allow for and b) that I wouldn't know how to create even if it did. 

Every time I present something to him, he wants something even more technically impressive. I keep coming just close enough to what he previously wanted for him to up the ante again. 

He also asked me to design an entire digital marketing strategy spanning multiple domains we own, and including ads etc.

I'll say it again. I am a writer. I write a lot, and I write well, but I am not a visual creative, nor a programmer, nor a web expert. At this point I'm barely doing any of the things I was initially hired to do. 

My boss isn't malicious. He is getting carried away, and doesn't listen to outside opinion. I've communicated my lack of knowledge every time he asks for something. I don't know what to do. How do I stop this train from derailing?

Edit: a lot of good feedback here and different ways of approaching the situation. I appreciate it.