Can we stop normalizing ghosting as a part of modern dating and recognize that it’s a completely unacceptable thing to do to someone?
You see so many posts/articles  talking about how it’s common in modern dating, focusing on the victims and talking about how much it hurt... but where are the folks who are ANGRY?? You know, the way we are when someone cheats? We get PISSED!! 

It’s not that different from cheating. It leaves you wondering why you weren’t good enough for that person. You feel used, disrespected, insulted and indignant. And IT’S NOT OKAY. 

JUST GROW THE FUCK UP AND SAY HOW YOU FEEL, PEOPLE. IT’S NOT THAT HARD!!!!

And if you’ve been ghosted.. don’t let them get away with it and don’t feel like it’s your fault in some way... GET PISSED!!

EDIT: 

Taking this from one of my comments to clear this up: It’s upsetting that people are misunderstanding what I was trying to say but this is it. Im not trying to control other people like some commenters are saying because here’s the thing: if this guy were to message me and tell me that this wasn’t working for him anymore for one reason or another, I would understand! And I would say so! And sure not everyone would react to that rejection maturely, but like (one commenter) said you can’t control that. You can only do your best to be honest, mature, and respectful yourself. Not everyone is going to do the same, and if they don’t... good riddance. You did your part and you don’t have to have them in your life anymore. But the reality is that most people are going to understand. Most people have experienced rejection before and can handle it, but honesty and communication makes that a lot easier to process.

The person who ghosted me invited me to his cousin’s wedding and said he wanted a relationship in the future. We slept together multiple times, spent multiple full days together and had a ton of fun, and we talked about how surprised we were by how much we ended up liking each other. Then he disappeared. So no, I’m not talking about some Tinder date you never met that stopped messaging you. 

And yes, cheating is a different level of betrayal. I have been cheated on and I know how traumatizing it can be. I’m sorry if that comparison offended some people but what I meant was that being ghosted is degrading in a similar way.

EDIT 2: Also weird that everyone assumes I’m talking about online dating tbh. I was ghosted by someone I was in a relationship with for 6 months, someone who I knew from junior high in my hometown aka real life. Currently being ghosted by a guy I met in college.

EDIT 3: Also I’m a woman. Not an incel or whatever as people seem to assume. Sooooo there’s that.