A little story for ya...
So I really feel in an empty space right now, let me tell you the reason why: So I met this girl in school and we just met on social media and texted and stuff. Then we actually started meeting in passing periods, whatever time we had, we used, we had so many jokes and fun with eachother. We passed so many notes and made weird eye contact that also made us laugh. The thing is that we were never able to talk to eachother much because the closer we became, the more shy I got. By a year or so, I was barely able to even sit by her at a table without holding my breath because of how shy i was. As you already figured, ive caught feelings. I was better off like this, having friends and crushes, as i would not be ready to have a date and take on that responsibility at that time. And as dumb as i was, another girl came up and i instantly got attached to her, our friendship eventually disappeared, we just texted for homework help which we do partly now, but after i started dating this other girl i knew i couldnt be responsible. I broke up with her so she could find better people then me. So these days at school, we still make eye contact somehow where ever i look, its never the same because we just look. Every corner i look at i always make eye contact with her. I miss those times, where we would just be buddies til the end. I want to build that bond back, but my shy self wont let me. All i can do is look and see her everywhere. I feel that ive receded in life back to when i met her, but shes no longer the person i see in passing peiod talking to me and waving. We always high fived, and i wish we could go back in time. But it always leads back to her. No, im not planning to date her, i just want to start over and become best friends with her again. someday ill gain the guts to actually be the person to high five her, as shes the person who usually does it. Though it may seem little, it goes a long way for this guy. I really want this friendship back, without it, im sitting in sand, trying to get her off my mind, finding hobbies so i could do it, but it all leads back to her. I tell you this story so i dont die of holding this thought in every second of the day. to her even though she wont see it: im sorry that i was so why not being able to talk to you when i had the chance, i wish i could fix that from the start i met you. thanks. im sorry if i hopped to random topics that you couldnt understand.