Is this an unreasonable request by my boss/his bosses?
Hey reddit. I've posted here a few times before and have typically gotten some good advice, so I'd thought I'd post here again.

I started this position about 5 months ago and it's been fine so far, nothing special but it's the highest paid job I've had so far (I'm 25).

Anyways, my working hours are 8:00 - 4:30 (I am supposed to take a 30 minute lunch, but I usually just end up working while I eat). Even before and after I get home from work, I am still responding to some work emails on my phone (which I'll count on my time sheet even though I am **salaried**).

When I got into work today, my boss told me that 'things are all about perception' and has asked me to stay until at least 5, if not longer. He then went on to say that a new (as in started 3 weeks ago) business development 'higher-up' noticed that me leaving at 4:30 just means that I am apparently not busy enough... Even though I have great time management skills and am able to do all my work in the allotted 8 hours while at work.

I was then asked if I could start working 9 - 11 hours every day, and then asked me to start taking on more responsibilities (I just checked out my job description (I can find it on our ATS, and the job description is only about 50% of what I actually do).

So not only do they want me to work 3 extra hours every day, just for "perception", they also want me to start doing way more than what I was originally told I'd be doing. So I'm not very happy.

I know that I've only been here for 5 months, but it would be outlandish for me to ask for some kind of raise, right? I just am not happy that I'm gonna be asked to stay for a couple hours longer (when I'll just be BSing, since I won't have any work to do). Am I also being unreasonable for thinking this is just absurd? Don't you just LOVE American Corporate Culture!!

&#x200B;

**Update: I asked my boss about compensation for my extra duties that were not apart of the JD, as well as for the extra time expected and he basically said, "I wish it worked that way. I didn't get a raise when I got promoted to 'Director of Recruiting' even with the added responsibilities and tasks" so it looks like I probably won't ever get any kind of raise; Gonna start looking/putting out feelers tonight after I update my resume.**