Stuff that's been bothering me for a while now
(This is my first and only post i will make on Reddit, since my vpn subscription ends in 8 days and reddit is blocked in Indonesia. So i taught id finally let go of the bottled up emptiness here, because i have no where else to say all this.) 

So ive been really bothered by some stuff for quite a long time now, but ive never found anyone to talk to it about. So today for some reason ive decided that i need a place to vent all this stuff without serious consequence. Now to the actual problems im facing. 

I cant exactly say when it started, and I know its going to sound cliche, but lately i feel like I have a big empty hole in my chest. Its not exactly sadness im feeling nor depression, its more like feeling nothing. Its like I always feel empty even though im laughing and being around others. And I do have friends, lots of them actually. Id consider myself a pretty popular guy at school who's liked by a majority of the students. But then id come home and realize that they're not really friends with me, the way I act at school and at home is very different. At school im usually the upbeat guy who makes a few quips here and there to make people laugh, and id say academically im among the highest in my class. But at home im always very quite, never really talk much with my parents nor my family (for reasons ill get into later). And this duality in the way I act has really been eating away at my mind, because i know that the front I put up at school is a facade, and its fucking tiring to always be that guy. But if i do stop wearing that mask I know my friends will all abandon me. So id always feel empty and lonely every night. and at night its the worst because id always see my friends playing together on discord and asking me to join them but i cant because of home life (which ill get into in a bit). I guess that explains my knack for telling self deprecating "jokes".

So my home life, i wouldn't say that i come from an abusive household, no nothing close to that. But its a sudden realization that i just had that has really been hitting me on the head like a truckload of bricks. My dad is prone to anger outbursts, not at me but at my mom. And i used to hate him for that, but as time went on we got closer and i began to understand why he acts the way he does now (rough childhood). But that in my head doesn't excuse him for acting out against my mom for the stupidest of reasons (like if she was looking at her phone for too long, or attending her dance classes). As time went on though, i realized that my mom isn't an angel either. She has a shopping problem, she for some goddamn reason just cant stop buying shit that wont get used. And this is the root cause of my dad's constant anger towards her (if you saw all the bags in the guests room you'd be pretty fucking mad too). ive always grown up believing that my mom was right and my dad was wrong, but now i dont see that anymore. I used to believe that I would someday end the fighting between the two of them but that's impossible. My dad will never stop behaving like that towards my mother if she cant stop herself from buying useless shit for a month. Its this realization that's been eating out my soul, its like someone took my worldview and shattered it right in front of me with a comical smile on their face.

Then there's my extended family. Mainly my aunt, uncle, and cousins form my mother's side. they are the ideal perfect family cliche. smart children, successful parents, and they all love each other. Just seeing that intimidates me, and its not their fault. Id say Im close with these people, they've known me since childbirth and have treated me like on their own whenever i spend the holidays with them, but they don't understand who i actually am. I cant act like myself with them because they always expect me to be more like my cousins, more civilized. the last time i went there I saw my aunt and cousins going through their plans for college, and that's when it hit me, these guys think Im that upbeat person from school, the "academically gifted smiley boy" from school. And i hate being praised for being smart, because every time im around my family they always expect me to go to all these big universities and apply for all these things for college credit. I hate it, its filling my head with nonsensical stress and pressure that i cant vent to anyone about. I cant be myself around my family, I cant be myself at school, and i don't have anyone to be myself to anywhere. Basically where im at now, it feels like brick after brick to my head in the shortest time span possible with nothing to grasp onto. 

(For anyone worried i ruled suicide out as an option, its not worth it since ill only be causing more pain to those who care about me, but goddamn it feels like shit continuing to live like this.)