Broke up with my ex two years ago, still miss our relationship
I am now 18 , she is the same age.

Broke up with my ex 2 years ago, still miss our intimacy and love

Broke up with my ex, but miss the times we had

About 2 years ago I dated a girl in my senior year of high school. I had met her in a wood shop class and we really hit it off. I am a very shy person so dating and being a couple wasn’t my thing really. We got together and instantly everyone started looking at me different because I had gotten with her. Like I said, I was very shy and wasn’t “up” on the drama around the school. She had apparently been the biggest slut in school and had dated and had slept with a lot of guys.

But I didn’t see this at all, maybe because I was so in love for the first time in my life or that I didn’t want to believe it but I don’t know. Our relationship lasted about 4 months and in that time we had sex and she took my virginity. Eventually, the talks around school about me and what I was doing got to me. I was very insecure about going out with her and slowly I decided to break up with her. The way I did it was kind of shitty but I didn’t know how to properly break up with a girl seeing as this was my first serious relationship. She had gotten me upset about something and instead of forgive and forget like I usually would have I made a big deal out of it and stayed mad at her for a few days, thought because she wasn’t around me but I was still with her that people would look at me different but that’s not wha happened. Everyone still treated me the same until I cut her off and blocked on everything.

2 years later, I haven’t spoken to her and I am in a relationship. I still think back to our times together and how that relationship felt different than this one. Me and my ex were much more sexual and physically in love than my current. Don’t get me wrong , me and my current girlfriend do get touchy, but it’s not as often and not as passionate as with my ex. 

My question is, is this bad to be feeling this way? My current girlfriend knows of my ex and has told me multiple times how much of a slut she was, but I can’t help feeling that i saw a different side of her when it was just me and her either out and about doing things or having sex, it was something I couldn’t describe. The things she did were true and there was evidence for what she did, but for some reason it didn’t matter to me.

TL:DR: broke up with my ex because of how I was looked at with her, and miss our physical love.


Edit : me and my girlfriend broke up a few months ago and I’ve been single since. Few girls here and there but no relationships. Just can’t do it right now