One month & 3 days on the job, already being threatened with termination
Looking for opinions & advice here. I had a coaching session today. I work in a emergency roadside assistance department & we were in training for two weeks, then put on the phones. One day in training, I had to miss because I had spent the night in so much pain I was wishing to die. I got around the next morning & showered but was so weak from the side effects of gallbladder, I don’t think I could have made it in. Even if I had, I would have been in & out to the bathroom all day. The next weekend, we had flooding. We were still expected to come in. I left on time but did not realize my route was closed for the flood so I was 22 minutes late. I called & let them know. Then I was six minutes late returning from lunch one day, we only get 30 minutes so I might have lost track of time, got lost getting back (it’s a huge facility) or decided fuck it I’m finishing my food. 

So all this was brought to my attention today, & that I’m not where they want me to be metric wise. I’ve been on the phone three weeks max! I’ve written the below note that I want to share with hr, & wanted some feedback. This is the least tolerant and least compassionate place I’ve ever worked, but I’ve had fewer than ten jobs in my life. WWYD?

Note:  All of the reps I’m surrounded by use profanity while others are on callst, using the F word excessively. Loudly conversing. One rep tolme her “vagina felt like it was falling out”. 
I was told on 6/17 that due to my one absence (I was up all night with gallbladders pain, diarrhea1- , vomiting). I was 22 minutes late one day due to the fact my area was flooded and I had to find an alternate route. 

Saying my talk time was too long - while in nesting it could take half an hour to get help. These calls are not simply question & answer. They are complex, we have to use multiple systems, SOP’s that are not cut & dried. 

I had to yell at the other pod tonight because they were being so loud and disruptive I could not hear my caller. I already could not even understand her. This work environment is the most unprofessional place I’ve ever been. If this behavior had gone on in any other call center, they would have been disciplined. (We have no supervision after midnight). (End so far)