How do I report the duration of my research assistant job on my resume? (weird situation)
Given my circumstances, I'm not sure how long I can technically say I was working as a research assistant while a PhD student or even if I was a "research assistant" and not something else. Forgive any extraneous details that follow. It's just easier to lay it all out.

So, basically, there were two channels of funding, but for the same project. My department was funding me on a research assistantship which I used to conduct field work abroad--this wasn't just dissertation work, it also could be characterized as consultancy work, which is why it's on my resume. That assistantship had a clear start date and cut-off date, with regular paychecks. However, my adviser also got funding for the same project and had written me into that grant, but that funding came later and as a lump-sum. So during the middle of my field work I was able to get a one-time payment of $10,000. I considered part of that to be reimbursement for research-related out-of-pocket expenses (though there was no paperwork involved) and part of it was just general compensation for the work I did and was still to do. I have no idea what my "rate" was in the grant proposal so I have no idea how long that $10,000 was supposed to last me, but it wasn't until a year and a half later, and a whole year after my assistantship ended, that I finally was able to wrap up my end of the project and produce a deliverable. I had not been working as dilligently on it as I could have been. But even so, my adviser was so happy with my work that at the very end he decided to pay me an extra $4,000 still remaining out of the project funds. 

So what I'm confused about is how I'm supposed to report the length of time that I worked on this project when I really worked on it off and on and had really irregular payments. The length of time I was on a research assitantship (12 months) doesn't seem to fit, because I also got separate funding for the same job. The length of time from start to finish (29 months) doesn't seem to fit, because I worked on it off and on during that time. Should I perhaps figure out a daily rate for myself, then work backwards from the $14,000 I received from my adviser to estimate duration from that, then add it consecutively to the research assistantship? But what about resumes that don't require me to report salary? Is the 29-month logic legit?