I want to be my old self again
Hi! I'm 17 years old and don't know what's happening with me. I want to be my old self again. 

When I was in elementary, I was a really good student (please, I'm not bragging). I was always at the top in our class. I get high scores and grades. When I graduated elementary, I was the one who has most medals. When I took an entrance exam for a science high school, I was in rank 27.5 out of 200+. Yeah, I think I was doing great as a student.

Not until I reach high school tho. That was the time I started to lose my grip in acads. I started to have lower grades (but still passing) and I struggle in acads especially exams and quizzes and recitations. Still, I managed to pass and have a with Honor Award until the end of junior high (Grade 10). 

As I reached grade 11, Senior high, this is where I get worse. I can't focus and concentrate anymore. I struggle learning and listening in our class and discussions because my mind is always blank or always easily distracted. I daydream a lot. Whenever I review for our quizzes, I find it so difficult to review because the information I read doesn't retain in my head and i suck at memorizing now, unlike before, I was really good at memorizing. 

There was a time, I reviewed and studied for our quiz but at the time and moment of answering the quiz, my mind was blank! All the information I studied and reviewed was totally gone! I do not remember anything at all! I failed the quiz and I only got a score of 16 out of 45. I only got 16 because I managed to copy my classmate's answers. 

I was very frustrated. I'm not being lazy or anything. I can't seem to focus anymore. I am so unmotivated and I don't know why. I want to be the "good" student again. 

Now, I have realizations and thinking about the past. When I was 11 years old, grade 5, that was the time I  started to struggle more often in acads. And that was the time too when my dad's illness became worse and he started to become more really weak and thin. That was the time too when I started doing self harm and suicidal thoughts (but not much). I thought they were normal and I have this thinking before of harming other people like torturing them or something but that kind of thinking was eventually gone when I reached grade 6 (but self harming and suicidal thoughts did not stop). I don't cut myself, but I do punch or hit myself with something like bottles or hammer. 

Since grade 5, I did not saw my dad smile again and I was really studying hard for him. When I was in grade 6, I thought that in our graduation, I'll see him smile. I told him that he'll be the one who will be on the stage with me so he'll put my medals on me. Unfortunately, 12 days before our graduation, he died, and I witnessed how he died. The day before his death, he called me and I saw him lying in his bed, very weak that he can't even open his eyes. I went near him and he was raising his hand, so I held it. He told me the words that hurt me so much, he said to me, "I'm sorry, I cannot attend your graduation anymore." And that was his last words to me.

Grade 7, 13 years old, the time where my suicidal thoughts became worse and the start of me being so unmotivated in school and struggling on focusing. At that time, I searched on the internet about my suicidal thinking and there appeared about mental illness and depression. But I don't want to self diagnose lol

My "depression" became worse when I was in Grade 8. Everyday, I always think how I'll kill myself. I also had this situation wherein Everytime I'll sleep, I'll dream! I have this condition since I was in grade 7. I thought it was cool since dreaming in sleep makes me feel like I'm in another world or something but then eventually I found it very annoying and tiring! I wake up very tired because of dreaming and I feel like it's making me insane! In about 1 and a half years, there was no single sleep where I'm not dreaming. 

Thankfully, I managed to get rid of "depression" when I started writing in a diary/journal when I started to have interest in stationeries.

Another thing about me is that I daydream too much and I have characters. I started doing this when I was 5 years old but I think that is normal. The thing is, up until now, I daydream like a kid and it's worse. Why? Because it distracts me so much and I cannot focus with the things I do because of it. There is so many triggers of my daydreams. 

Addition, I do not like being with my friends often because I wanted to be alone because if I'm alone, I can daydream more and I can have moments more with my characters. The urge is too much. 

I have a best friend character named Coco and I like being with him. I don't like him romantically. He is my best friend so yeah, it's fun being with him.

I'm emotionally numb too, unless I am with my "characters" or daydreaming. There were times that my classmates were emotional but I was confused because why am I not feeling anything. Sometimes I fake to have emotions which results to me doing inappropriate emotions or expressions in some situations. 

Another thing is that I often find it hard to sleep because I am daydreaming. Even though I am really sleepy, my brain keeps on daydreaming which makes me struggle to sleep. 

I know that all of this looks like now making any sense but I haven't shared this to anyone. I want to know what is with me. I want my old self back. I want to be the person again who can focus and concentrate in her studies and have good grades. I want to be the motivated student again. I want my old self. Please give me advice, please.