I have bed bugs and I feel so embarrassed and filthy, I want to cry (x-posted)
I’ve never in my life had any sort of pest infestation in my house. Now I have bed bugs. I am so upset and embarrassed. I always take care of my house and clean it. The only way I can think of that I got them is my ex brought them to my house. His brother had a bug infestation months and months ago, probably last summer. He went to the house a few times to help treat it. I didn’t think I had bugs in my house because it was so long ago that that happened. Then Saturday I found dead bed bugs on my bed skirt. 

I honestly want to cry. I feel so dirty and embarrassed and like I’m going to be judged. I had to take off work today because I have Orkin coming here to do an inspection and I’ve got to wash all my blankets and clothes and such. My boss texted me asking if I can ask Orkin if my office should do anything too and like I get why she asked but it also made me feel like shit. I’ve had to have had them for awhile since I’ve had a constant break out on one arm (I didn’t think it was insect bites because it was only one arm and bed bugs are usually all over) since November. If I had brought them to the office they would have already been there by now. Back in November I had my bed checked for bed bugs and there was no sign of them. I think they’re in my box spring. I’ve been sleeping naked to see if I get bites anywhere else and it’s always on my one arm. I don’t sleep on my side to where that arm is visible all night I know I don’t. So it didn’t make sense to me that I would have bugs. I thought I had an allergy. Especially cause I’d get hives at work that I didn’t wake up with that morning.

I’m open to suggestions on how to treat them, I’ve got some ideas of my own I’ve already started too. Basically I covered my box spring in diatomaceous earth and the bed posts have diatomaceous earth around them. I’ve been washing all my blankets and such since yesterday. I’m going to throw all my clothes in the dryer since heat kills them. After I speak to Orkin I plan on steaming my mattress and box spring. I’ve already vacuumed my room but will vacuum again, including my mattress. I have a bug bomb to set off. If Orkin suggests buying a new mattress and box spring I will. I have zip up mattress and box spring covers coming through amazon. 

I think the bugs are only in my room since my roommate isn’t being effected. He has no bites whatsoever. Just me. So I don’t think the common areas like the living room or his room have any (I’m in the basement, then there’s a middle floor with the living room dining room and kitchen, and the floor above that is where my roommates room is).

I will be so glad whenever this is over. I’m so fucking upset. 

My town every spring has an ant issue too. They get in everyone’s house. It’s about that time when they’re gonna show up (I’ve already seen a few) and them on top of these bed bugs just have made my already embarrassed and gross feeling worse. 

Thanks for taking the time to read if you did.

I am open to PM’s however I am busy cleaning today so I may not get back to them right away. I’m fine with just answering comments in this post as well.


Update:  Orkin came out. He inspected my room only before immediately saying the entire house should be done. I was told over the phone they do treatments in the effected rooms, the technician said they do no such thing they only do entire house treatment. The cost for my house would be about $2k, that doesn’t include the cost of replacing my mattress box spring and bed frame which he also suggested I do. 

I asked him to check the rest of the house because I wanted to know how far the infestation has gone. He checked my roommates bed and said it looked fine. He didn’t check the couch and such. I’m pretty hesitant to go with Orkin because for one the inspection wasn’t as thorough as I would’ve liked especially again when the person I spoke to on the phone said they’d do an entire house inspection regardless of what is going on. The other reason is I honestly can’t afford $2k plus a new mattress and stuff all at once. I just can’t. I know Orkin does payment plans but for reasons too long to explain in this already nightmarishly long post, that’s not an option for me currently.

I asked the Orkin inspector if there was anything I could do here to help with this process (mainly what should I do with my clothes and would using a steamer on my mattress and box spring until I can get replacements be beneficial) and he basically said he couldn’t say because all of that is anecdotal.

So I have another company coming out Wednesday for a second opinion. I’m hoping they also conclude it’s only my bedroom and can treat just my room. I completely understand the risk involved there of only doing one room.