i don't think life sucks, i just genuinely believe living isn't for everyone
grew up in a household with parents passively hating eachother for the past 12 years openly in front of me and my siblings but won't divorce because they can't do well financially on their own. would often talk bad about the other to us and would use us to communicate when they wouldnt want to talk to eachother. 

did great at school and was a happy and active kid until highschool when all the pressure to excel became overwhelming and I started having anxiety and panic attacks. I couldn't focus anymore and started giving up on school, stopped doing all activities I used to love and harmed myself. 

started having suicidal thoughts and a year after I attempted. felt a little better after some hospitalization, but talking to a psychologist made me realize even more how more fucked my life was and i started self harming again and stopped showing up to appointments.

was suicidal again but somehow got a great boyfriend. i've been so happy with him these past months. but with him only. i was just as depressed and suicidal as i was before, except when i was spending time with him. 

i don't have any goals in life anymore, i can't go to college and i work minimum wage. also, i'm really sensitive about what's going on in the world and it makes me loose hope for humanity. 

i don't think life sucks, i genuinely just believe living isn't for everyone. some people are able to make the most of it and find happiness, but some just don't have the right mentally and tools and it should be okay for them to leave if that's what makes them happy. 

it hurts to have someone you love die, i understand that, but what good does it make to try and keep someone who isn't happy and won't be happy in the future and let them suffer for years to come? wouldn't that hurt? 

also before you guys mention my boyfriend, yeah i love him, but love never really lasts. and at this point, i'm so sensitive that if we ever have a fight or go through a rough time, I would definitely break and kill myself, cause he's pretty much the only thing that still makes me genuinely happy. and i can't imagine how bad it would be if i left that way, i don't want him to blame himself, he doesn't deserve that. i would rather leave when we're still on great terms.