11 months since graduating and still unemployed....depressed after realising that I graduated with the wrong degree.
I want to apologise for my grammar english is not my first language and it's also a long description, thank you for taking the time to read.

I'm 28 years old I have 8 years of work experience the jobs I had in the past were dead end. During my last job as a store assistant I really enjoyed helping customers and doing in-store visual merchandising and promotions coming up with creative ways to attract people to the store. 

At the time I finally had enough savings to go back to school so I figured marketing is something I should persue. I graduated in May of last year in marketing management with a distinction, however during my time in college as I progressed studying it more I realised that marketing is not something I can see myself doing, but I kept denying this feeling thinking it will get better until my final year I was literally just forcing myself to get this degree done with no passion.  

I love doing visual art and creating things that people find appealing to look at. Art has always been a passion of mine, but you know when you listen to your parents or other people they say there's no money in it and you have to do something that's going to financially secure you. I should have not listen to them. 

Ever since graduating I applied everywhere even while I was still studying got a couple of interviews, but still no luck. I figured maybe I suck at interviewing so I took the initiative to work on my interviewing skills.

Went on more interviews which I thought went well, but still receiving the "Unfortunately" or "We regret to inform you" e-mails. This morning I just received another rejection e-mail. I think they are sensing the lack of passion and disinterest I have for marketing. 

I am in desperate need of a job and family members are pressuring and judging me which does not help. I'm so burned out and depressed from this literally putting my time and energy into trying to find a job I have no interest in anymore...

I even applied for retail and fast food restaurant jobs just to get my family off my back, but i'm still waiting on a response. 

My plan now is to figure out a way to get into graphic designing I know that is something that would be more suitable for me, but I have no qualification or portfolio and have no money to study it... I am in need of advice on what to do.