How can i forgive myself?
I hate myself and i can’t forgive myself for what i’ve done! I was so depressed and i broke up with my bf after 4 years we were literally 24/7 together.. i can’t forgive myself for the damage that i caused to him, i broke his heart, he’s insecure about everything because of me, i want him back to fix what i’ve broke but he refused, he’s afraid of everything.. i made terrible mistakes, i wasn’t mature enough and i was acting really stupid, i used to control everything, and say if you did that i’ll leave, like if you smoke or drink or whatever, i used to hate smoking because i hate my father and he’s a smoker, i wasn’t admitting that and i used to say that i just hate smoking without saying any reasons, and all sudden i start to smoke to threat him that i’ll never stop till he stops i know i was doing the wrong thing but i was depressed and i didn’t understand what i was doing, i attempt suicide and i told him its because of you and you’re not a good person although i loved him so much, and still. Idk i was just worry i didn’t want him to hurt him self or smoke or whatever, i used to send him big long text saying how much he made me hate my life and i’m smoking because of him and doing everything bad and depressed because of him, i used to hurt him, all that was in the last 6 month, we had a 3 years full of happiness and good memories, everything happened was in the last 6 month, we broke up 4 month ago.. i tried to talk to him but said its over and i still can’t believe that we broke up i can’t stop thinking about him, our memories everywhere, what  can i do to make him forgive and come back? I only thing i know that he still in love with me and he didn’t get over it but he’s afraid .. i feel like i’m such a monster and i really want to fix everything, i’m his first love and he’s my first love too so its really hard to get over it, i feel like 4 years is worth one more chance? After we broke up i travelled to another country and stayed alone for 3 months, in this period i’ve changed into a good person, and i finally felt that i’m mature enough to take care of him and be in a healthy relationship. I loved him so much that i was acting as i’m his mom not his gf, saying no to everything he want and saying that i care about you and don’t do thaaaaaat and i used to force me to do what i want and if say no i used to threat him that i’ll hurt myself if he did it.. BUT I HAVE CHANGED NOW I UNDERSTAND EVERYTHING AND I WON’T EVER DO WHAT I WAS DOING .. i wish he could give me another chance to be the right gf that we make things together and have fun together not his mom who say no to everything .. I quit smoking for 50 days and i got a vape to quit, now i’m smoking again but because i wanted to! I mean the first time i smoked just to make him feel bad about it now i took the decision cause i want to, i feel like i’m mature enough to do whatever i want to, i got over hating smoking, i drink once a week just to have fun and laugh a lot and forget about whats happening in my life, i happy with my new life but still want him to be a part of it and i know he thought that i’m drinking&smoking because of him again and he will never understand cause we’re not talking to each other anymore ..  Idkkkk what should l do? Should i try to talk to him again? And see him? I tried once but i was far away and i just texted him saying that i’ve changed but he didn’t believe that i have changed, what should i do?  HELP ME PLEASE