too ugly to go out in public
do you ever feel like you’re too ugly to leave your house...well I feel that way every single day and that feeling never goes away. I’m soooo insecure to the point where I avoid looking people in the face let alone the eyes, I don’t even like conversing with my family for the same reasons especially since they’re really beautiful and confident and I envy that about them. I always make up excuses to not leave my house which makes my family surmise that I’m anti social and a loner but I’m really not. I wish I COULD do what normal people do but I CANT so it’s not that I don’t like socializing it’s just that I physically and mentally can’t which sucks because then I have to say home all day everyday which leads to me feeling tired and lethargic the entirety of the day and not to mention morbidly bored. I’m just so sick of being like this. I wish I had a normal life.

EDIT: more context for those interested..

 I compare myself to others ALL THE TIME have it be to my mom,sister,cousins,friends, random people on the street or people on the internet and it kills me!! It all started when I was a kid (6-7) and my mom along with my sister used to tease me for my appearance which they deemed not pretty enough or not girly enough. Whenever my mom and I would get in a fight she would bring up all my insecurities and it made me feel like shit, she would also compare me to other girls (sister,cousin,friends...) and point out areas in which they are better than me and then she’d end it by saying that I will never find happiness and that no one will ever want to date/marry me which is now always in the back of my mind. Then we have my “friends” at school who did almost the same but they would say it in a way that it almost sounds like they were giving me advice or something. So they would say things along the lines of “you would’ve been so pretty if only you didn’t have “blank” ...etc which made me so aware of my insecurities hence how I feel today. Throughout my childhood and early teenage years I’ve garnered comments about my appearance that can last me a lifetime and it always revolved around either my face or the way I dressed up. I’m 16 (sophomore) and during my first two years or high school I’ve had people scorn me for my clothes being too old fashioned literally all the time, they would be hysterically laughing in my face to which I always laugh along pretending I wasn’t deeply hurt which I suspect what made them keep going with the ruthless jokes. Sorry, this is all over the place but I just kinda needed to let some of it out, it kinda helps. Btw this is but a fraction of what I had to put up with for almost 10 years my life (more than half my life.)