Find a Job Now or Wait For a Better Time?
I have worked consistently since I was in high school and got experience in the food service industry, customer service, retail, and animal care provider. Unfortunately in February of this year, I had a bad fall and had to get back surgery which was supposed to be routine and about a week of bedrest, but it ended up failing and my recovery time got extended for about a year. I went from being an active rock climber and dancer while employed at a decent job, to needing a cane and not being able to walk around the neighborhood. Obviously I haven't returned to work since and my savings is draining fast from medical bills and gas to drive to appointments.

Now I can walk decently well, can't lift anything but I feel more comfortable managing without a cane and my recovery process is still ongoing. I decided maybe it's time to find a job like a front desk position and panic less about my financial situation, but I found out about two weeks ago that my grandmother in Japan had a heart attack and I bought a last minute plane ticket for December to be with her. I am only planning to be there for a week but if her condition is serious, I will extend it to help her out.

I know I have a lot of things working against me like the physical limitations and having to be gone during two major holidays for my grandmother (Christmas and New Years). One friend said I can find a job now and tell the employers later so I have a secure job by January, but others have said I should wait until I get back from Japan and spend more time in physical therapy. I think I should wait, I have gone to a few interviews but they all rejected me due to my injury, so maybe focus on my grandmother and myself before rushing into it. The financial situation is really stressing me out and I applied for temporary disability with no luck so far, I made some money doing crafting projects but they're not good enough quality to open an Etsy shop for (also supplies are expensive).

Sorry for the info dump, I am just lost right now and some people in my life are labelling me as a bum when I actually am trying to find a job (I'm also a part time student). Right now the only position I can manage is a front desk receptionist or cashier, but my options are limited in this small Ohio town. Any advice is helpful, am I rushing into this or is it time to find a job?

TL;DR- Got back injury, out of work for 8 months so far, no money left to pay bills. Grandmother got a heart attack and I will be gone for Christmas and New Years for at least a week to see her in Japan, wrong time to get job or get one now? I have a couple job applications submitted but so far not much luck.