Feeling excluded from a group. Can’t take it anymore
Hi ! So um something really really bothered me a few days ago and i didn’t know what to do so here i’am.. 
So let me start of the beginning, i’m a junior in high school and well my main classes are with people that i’m not really friends with. but with time i met 3 girls in my class and became friends  , ( let’s say Candice , Clara and Jane )the 3 aren’t friends.. , anyways. with time we really started  having fun together in every single class even outside of school / we go out and do projects together and even created a groupchat for the 4 of us.. and we got pretty close that  we literally tell each other our secrets ( you know the type of stuff you tell someone when you’re pretty confortable & close with them). Anyways , something happened a few days ago that made me confused? upset? idk honestly.. something really serious happened to Jane and her ex crush, and she told us the evening that something happened, and when we were waiting for her to tell us she literally turned to me and said : ‘Sorry but i’m not telling you’ , I was like ‘What why’ but she said that she’s kidding, i brushed it off anyways. That night in the group chat jane said : come on candice i’m gonna tell’you what happened cuz you need to know but candice said that she’s not home so she can’t really talk , then she asked clara if she’s available to talk, clara was outside too, I was LITERALLY waiting for her to tell me but she didn’t even mention my name. so i texted the group ‘hey what abt me? am I inexistant or what?’ so she said : ‘lol just kidding’ and the convo stopped  there. 
The next day, Jane didn’t come to school, and i literally heard the other two : candice and clara talking about that ‘secret’ and she was like ‘what do you think?’ when i heard that i immediately knew that jane told them and not me, i didn’t even bother to ask them. So i went to jane’s best friend (whom i’m friends with too) and i asked her if she told you about the matter , her best friend said yes she told me and i was like wow she didn’t even tell me and told candice and clara, why do you think she didn’t tell me? so her best friend literally said : its something really personal , candice and clara are really close so ofc she told them but you and her are just simple friends so ofc she won’t tell you . Those words shocked the F outta me . How the hell are we ´simple’ friends ??? was she considering me a ‘simple’ friend after all? why does she consider the other 2 closer than me since we literally became friends at the same time. like we didn’t know each other before junior year. I felt disappointment and a little bit of sadness.. That night she (jane) texted the groupchat :’how did you react when you saw him guys’ and she was literally talking to the other 2 girls.  Anyways after that , i found out about something else : that the other one (candice) told something to the other 2 and not me. 
I felt that i was hella excluded from the circle and i shed some tears that night
i had so many questions like : Why are they hiding stuff from me , why aren’t they treating me like they’re treating each other. We literally became ( the 4 of us ) friends at the same period of time so why is it so unfair. 
So please help me , what should i do guys? i’m literally lost .