I Don't Know if I Should Join this New Fraternity
Hey all...so this has been bothering the absolute hell out of me. 

I don't think I am a big frat person but I feel like because it is a new fraternity, I can make it cater to the above average joe who doesn't wear boat shoes with a pink shirt everyday. I want to be in the most well respected fraternity if I join one. I want to have one that is full of gentlemen who know how to treat both guys and girls well. I don't care if the person has a differing personality or different values as long as they are selfless and respectful. 

So fraternity life probably isn't for me...but I like the networking, the brotherhood and the sorority girls. And if I can get rid of the things people hate about fraternities in this one, I think that'd be beneficial for myself and all. But that is a lot of work. I have to hope the other guys have similar views. 

The dudes in it vary. Most seem like your average joes, but there are some weirdos and perhaps a couple fratty dudes. That has turned me off because I don't want to be associated with weirdos and disrespectful lames. One dude of course said "You're a fag" while we were just walking away from a meeting to someone...and then seconds later a kid whom I know walked by and you guessed it, he is gay. I don't like that s%8t. I am all for morbid jokes about whatever if they are well done...but just calling someone "gay" or "retarded" etc. is just unnecessary and immature. Girls don't like that and most respectful people don't. 

But hopefully with the good guys in the fraternity and myself, we can make it a great place to be. 

So should I do it?

Some other things: I am in Air Force...so I feel like being a founding father wouldn't be as "wowing" on my resume once I get out...they'll just love I have actual leadership experience and actual engineering experience out in the field for the AF. 

It is also 744 the first semester...180 every semester afterwards.

I was also thinking maybe I should just join the school's engineering fraternity. It is more likely that I'll be able to network obviously, it'll be cheaper and lastly...access to past tests for all my hard classes! But obviously it will not be as fun...

I wish I had better friends so I didn't have to consider being in a fraternity really. But I just don't see how I can meet girls and friends in general without it. Let's be honest, it is unlikely I'd like the people in the video games club or the photography club. But I didn't meet friends freshman year that I really clicked with and I am an engineer.

Also, I don't really like partying all that much. I enjoy it if I know the people there...so going to house parties doesn't really work for me which is why a fraternity would be nice. I'd know all the guys and hopefully I'd know some of the girls beforehand. 

Thanks for reading.