You do need significant others.
I wrote this out as a response to a very common comment I see in subreddits like this one where the commenter tells the poster that they shouldn’t need a significant other to be happy and that their sense of self worth should be higher. I understand that some people can function alone, but the average person cannot. Anyway, it’s a long post, but I think it’s worth saying.

Insinuating or explicitly saying that people should be happy alone is a lot of bullshit that metaphorically blind people perpetuate. The truth is that finding a significant other is an enormous part of the average person’s life; it is a constant in every culture around the world. In fact we are driven by a biological imperative to look for a significant other and in this sense, it is truly a necessity. Perhaps not in the way that water or oxygen is a necessity but more akin to needing a warm and safe place to call home. Ultimately we are slaves to the chemical signalling that drives our human machine.

Furthermore, what really is self worth? It seems like a common misconception is that self worth is determined solely by oneself in a vacuum (metaphorical), when in fact your sense of self is an object moulded by all the feedback from your environment. No one is born who they are and it doesn’t matter if you think you’re the greatest thing since sliced bread unless your environment gives you feedback to let you know it’s true. And as it turns out, one of the most rewarding feedbacks you receive from your environment is the affection of a significant other. It is validation of what you might have already hypothesized about yourself, but could not have possibly known to be true until verified. My point is that we really do need affection and significant others in our lives; the way that we are treated in society is important and determines how we fit in and function.

I understand that these things are complex issues without black and white answers. In fact, these things probably fall into a bell curve somewhere, but what we understand so far about humans tells us that the average person does in fact need a significant other/s as a necessity and cannot function alone. Functioning alone is actually a joke; everything we know about our biology tells us that we weren’t designed (metaphorically) to function alone. So can we please stop telling each other lies and minimizing the real frustrations that people post about. Maybe then we can actually solve problems and move forward instead of pretending like everything is perfect.

EDIT DISCLAIMER:
I understand that I am posting an edit to this post long after the thread's burial; originally I started going through the various replies and worked on writing an edit to further clarify and offer rebuttals to arguments posted in the comments. However, I was quickly overwhelmed and ultimately it felt like replying would probably be more work than it's worth. However today, I came across the document I used to write my responses and I wanted to delete it without letting the words go to complete waste. So below are my edits to try to respond to some of the concerns in the comment section. 

Edit 1:
It seems like there is some clarity required as to the definition for *need*; the definition that I used was based on human requirements that would cause large (subjective) amount of pain if left unfulfilled. It seems to me like a lot of the commenters to this post would only consider something a need if it would cause death if left unfulfilled. Herein lies some fundamental problems.

Edit 2:
With a more established definition of what *need* means, we can now look at some of the concerns regarding individuals that continue to argue that one does not need a significant other in their lives to be happy or fulfilled. Again, when concerning the average person, the want to have a significant other in their lives is a need because it is biologically driven; when left unfulfilled, it causes a great deal of pain (to the average person). The systems that drive humans to want to be with significant others is similar to the systems that reward us for eating calories and nutrients; evolution has shaped our biology to feel pain and happiness as a mechanism to control our actions to move towards the larger goal of the survival of our species.

A caveat to this argument though is that while companionship is a need, there are no laws in the universe that say that each human person will find at least one significant other. The world of biology does not operate this way at all and in fact natural selection is a key factor in ensuring the survival of species in general. So unfortunately, it is definitely possible that you can search your entire life for your significant other and still come out empty handed. The natural world doesn't care about pain and hurt feelings. However, this aspect of human interaction can be seen as a key driving factor for trying your hardest to stand out and excel as an individual.

I understand that all of these statements make it seem as though procreation is the ultimate goal for human individuals. While I'd be at a loss to argue against that since logically there can be no goal greater than existence itself, I want to stress again that this only applies to the average person; it would be entirely possible for individuals to live happy lives alone (I have known one such person), but it definitely cannot be the norm since if everyone decided to live alone, it would ultimately lead to the demise of the species and thus breaking the fundamental goal that our biology is attempting to optimize.

Edit 3:
Answering some of the comments arguing against my post requires a deeper look at human purpose in life. A lot of people draw purpose from religions and also create their own purposes and goals for their lives; I understand the appeal and while I would never try to take it away from anyone, the truth is that religions are all based on things that cannot be directly observed or proved and self prescribed purpose is by definition made up. I am of the opinion that there is no observable purpose to life in the large scheme of things; we exist, the universe exists as we see it and nothing more. But at the micro level, biological beings do have an observable purpose, especially if we allow form to dictate function. We observe through out the animal kingdom that life's purpose seems to be to continue to ensure existence, that is to say that each species seems to be optimizing for its own continued survival. And since humans are also animals, one of our most fundamental concerns in life is to ensure the survival of our genetic material. Again, this would only apply to the average person, since deviations from the norm cannot account for the larger goals of the species.