Too tired and anxious to leave my bed. Angry and frustrated at myself for staying in bed. Feeling guilty for not doing anything and wasting time. More anxiety. More paralysis and continue to be stuck in bed. Frustrated I can’t just do the thing. Repeat.
Edit: UPDATE I was able to leave my bed briefly today, please see my comment below. To everyone else going through the same thing, I hear you friends, keep going.

Edit 2: Someone rightly pointed out that they feel too anxious to read all the comments so I’ll write here how the rest of my day went:

“Thanks for the responses everyone. For those asking, I’m usually fairly good at dealing with this, I’m on medication, I’ve had therapy, I’m knowledgeable about mental health (I’m a social worker), I help my friends and clients through similar things. But despite all of this, sometimes it just gets me you know? I know logically it’ll pass, but it’s so hard, especially when you think ‘I thought I was done with this, not again!’. When you’re in it it’s so hard to think clearly and have perspective. It’s a hole I’ve fallen down many times before and always found my way out eventually, but it’s like each time I think ‘this is the one time I won’t beat it’.

What I did that helped me out of bed today was decide I would do ONE SMALL THING only. Which was to walk 10 mins to the shop to buy oranges. It took me hours to make myself go, but I did, and I felt better for it. I was overwhelmed with all the things I SHOULD be doing and couldn’t start anything, but decided to be kind to myself and say that just doing that small thing was enough. I’m back at home and don’t want to go out again and will probably get into bed again and I still feel awful. But I have oranges now.

From what I’ve read, it’s a positive feedback loop, doing one tiny thing gives you a dopamine boost, which is the motivation neurotransmitter, this then makes you feel more able to do another small thing, and so you build up and eventually hopefully can do more. But all at your own pace, with compassion for yourself when you need to take a break.