This is how easy it is to fall for an attempted murderer on an online dating site. Here is how I survived.
I'll cut right to the chase since one of my personal superpowers is having a short attention span: ask for your potential date's last name, then do your homework. It could save your life.

Now for the cautionary tale. I'm 34, I enjoy long walks on the beach, puppies, etc. I've been on and off dating sites for years because socializing can prove a nightmare for introverts like myself. I'm usually alone (no complaints here, but it definitely will not get you laid), and I have a 99% success rate for being completely unattracted to...most people.

Very recently I decided to try a new strategy: I scrolled through pages and pages of profiles focusing solely on user photographs and waited until, as George Costanza so delicately described: "it moved." Now, I'm not saying I waited for it to give a little *twitch* (just in case I lost some of you with that metaphor, we're talking about my naughty bits); I'd long since lost my patience with "he's *kinda* hot I *guess*" so I swipe right and "maybe one day the four lonely hairs of his stache will join forces and blossom into a big beautiful beard....right? If I wait? Like, for a long time?" Now I've swiped right twice with no plans on engaging either potential date in conversation. Shame on me.

This called for a new plan and it was a simple one at that: I left the chemical complexities to my hormones and only stopped scrolling when I felt the "if I don't makeout with this person I'll die" *movement* in my pants. Like a beachcomber looking for buried treasure, I let my crotch be the metal detector that would hopefully lead me to dat booty (for science!).

It worked! He's even hotter in person! Oh, and that accent. And what do we have here, is that...*chemistry?* Do we actually have chemistry?? *And* he has a j-o-b doing the cooooooooolest thing ever?? He laughs at my jokes, and he's tall and handsome and and...what's the catch?

Wait for it.

Our second date went even better: we talked for hours and lost track of time. How cool is that? I went from wondering if there were literal cobwebs in my attic (\*ahem...\*reference to my naughty bits again) to being one-half of two people who spoke at such length that they lost track of time! We spoke on the phone. We spoke in person. We spoke over skype. We texted during movies (and were duly chastised). We were utterly fascinated by each other (or so it seemed). Time flew by. "Hi" and "bye" became "good morning" and "goodnight". "How was your day?" turned into "I miss you." Before I could catch my breath we were texting from the can while in the same apartment (but not on the same can).

Were we in love? Wtf, am I a wizard? Can I read minds? No. I had to ask. Cher is all, "if you wanna know how he really feels it's in his kiss" - well it's not, which makes her a beautiful, ageless liar. When I broached the subject we both looked at each other and smiled all toothy and clumsy, nodding our mutual assent. We were in love. And yeah, I did put on "Finally" by Cece Peniston and did the arm wave in the bathroom.

It might as well have been etched in stone: I'd be saving my best version of the running man for our first anniversary.

Ten months, two rescue pets, and one tropical vacation later and I begin to notice a few things. Like that I'd never met his family or friends. Never ran into anyone he knew on the street. The people he did say he knew...didn't seem to know *him*. I'll be honest, the introvert in me threw a wild party at the thought of *never* having to attend any family or friend events - but it was to my detriment that i didn't ask any questions about it.

I began to notice he also had mood swings. Pretty unpredictable ones. "But I'm a woman," I remember telling myself, "we all but invented the mood swing as soon as we were legally allowed to invent things." I talked to friends and family about it (bless their hearts *and* their bad advice), but all I got was "you find something wrong with everyone you date" and "no one is perfect." My favorite was, "you know how men are." Do I? Because I've known a few of them, and....then I shut my mouth because it was coming from my mother. She legit made me with her body. I'm the reason she'll always have hemorrhoids. If my mother said, "Baby, I've been shitting rainbows since the 60s and *that* is how I keep my svelte figure." I'd totally roll with it.

The longer we were together, the more bizarre he behaved. Unanswered questions began piling up. Why didn't I ask them? Because I didn't want to reprise my role as the person who couldn't get a date should my questions lead to a break-up. *Lame.*

Strange occurrences left a bad taste in my mouth, but since they didn't paint the loving picture I wanted to see, I willfully ignored them. Like that time (on my very first ever tropical vacation) that I got pulled in by the tide a bit too far out. You guessed it - I waved my arms and yelled his name like my house was on fire because dang it I was terrified...while he just stared at me. Didn't move. Just stared.

I'm not proud of my willful ignorance. In my defense I just really wanted that "love of my life" Eryka Badu promised. Except she was talking about hip hop, folks. It's so very okay for the love of your life to be hip hop.

Less than a year into our relationship and I'm half conscious in an ER after he'd beaten me bad enough to warrant two whole months in a wheelchair. He tried to choke me so many times that I'd actually lost count. I was the sad recipient of some next-level 80s-hardcore-style stomping on places you don't want to know about. And I'm not even telling you the disturbing parts. Whatever you're imagining to fill in the blanks - it was worse. It felt like I was in Silence of the Lambs. On a scale of one to ten, I was at "it puts the lotion in the basket."

By the end of that night I had one working arm that I used to drag myself out of our apartment to find someone to call an ambulance (of course he'd taken my phone - it wasn't his first rodeo). While everything that happened put some permanent cracks in my heart, it doesn't make my blood boil as much as this: before the ambulance arrived the cops came for a whole different reason and it had nothing to do with helping me. I thought they were there for me, so I called out to them...and they walked right past me to talk to my former partner.

Using 911 recordings I'd eventually piece together that he'd called them using my phone when I was on the floor - and told them a woman had broken into his apt. Yep. I was actually listening to the guy who said he loved me, the voice I ached to hear all day long, tell the police to search me for weapons

Now, you can't possibly know this, but I'm not a big person and my former partner is on the larger side of the larger side. I thought it was next to impossible for anyone to believe I could overpower someone that big...but my man was so smooth when he spoke to the cops that they searched me for firearms while I was laying on the floor with glass and blood in my hair (spoiler alert: all they found was chapstick...surprise!!!). Had someone not noticed that I was bleeding, there was a chance I'd have spent the night in jail covered in life-threatening injuries. I know you're probably thinking, "no one would do that to a woman lying beat up on the floor." But guess what the magic words are? "Broads. Amirite?? You guys get it. We've all been there. Jesus H. *chicks these days.*..*"* That's all it took. Turns out it's not that uncommon for a perpetrator to be believed over an injured victim. A little research will give you more examples than you care to know about.

Those were probably the most corrupt and morally bankrupt law enforcement officers I've ever had the displeasure of meeting. Their behavior was so flagrantly disgraceful that I didn't even feel the need to play the race card while writing this story. It wasn't a racist act. Those cops were black, brown, white and there was even a ginger. It well surpassed racism on its way to making a complete mockery of everything we consider humane as a *people.* Was it sexist? The officers who wouldn't move the ambulance for almost an hour (because they were still searching me and openly admitted that they weren't sure if they were going to arrest me yet- which is a funny way to answer the question:"Will anyone help me? I need medical attention, I can't breathe") were all women. 

That's how easy it is for one smooth talking man to fool almost ten professionals. After forty or so minutes they were all still kinda undecided.

When it was all over, naturally I stopped taking his calls - so he threatened to call my friends, family, and former employers to tell them "what kind of person" I am. And he did just that. After receiving "gifts" from addresses I wasn't familiar with, flowers addressed to me but signed with fake names, phone calls from unknown numbers - I got a restraining order.

He got one that imitated mine two hours later.

So I made a harassment complaint. We now have a matching set.

*This is out of control, why does he keep copying me?? How is he legally ALLOWED to do this?* Well, if the state is suing you for a crime and *you sue the victim for the exact same crime*...the state withdraws its lawsuit.

Why not just drop the whole thing, chalk it up to experience, change my name, and move? I want to. I want to so bad. But I found out he did this to other people (one of whom left the country to get away from him- I wish I was kidding) and he might just keep doing it until he kills somebody (if he hasn't already). I'll be DAMNED if I don't fight the hardest I possibly can so *at the very least* I can get his name put on the domestic violence registry...

...because frankly his penis is too small to make the sex offender registry (zing!). Give it up for comedy folks, it gets people through the hard times. Can I get an amen?

No matter what race, gender, or sexuality - these predators exist. Keep yourself safe and verify their information before meeting anyone from an online dating site. Behind every name on those domestic violence and sex offender registries is a victim who fought back. They showed up at every court hearing, just like I am, so that at the very least *no one else* has to get hurt.

I'd like to be the last. In this case anyway.