Does it ever strike anyone else that this entire process is completely and irrevocably fucked?
Basically every college has an essay that boils down to "Why do you want to go here?" and I'm pretty sure we all feed them complete bullshit. The actual answers boil down to:

"This college is financially reasonable for me and of sufficient proximity/lack thereof (if you really just want to leave home) that it is convenient, and also you'll probably accept me."

"This college is prestigious and I think I might have a shot."

"Everyone needs a backup."

"My parent(s) went here so you'll almost certainly accept me and I like the idea of it."

"My dad bought you a building." (for those asshats who can say that)

They must know, right? Most students are going to get a perfectly serviceable education pretty much anywhere. Barring post-graduate work and actual research, most colleges are going to be pretty much the same. Colleges are like people: everyone around them tells them they're special, and all those people are lying. Do they just pick based on whoever lies most eloquently? I don't mean to suggest we lie about the basic facts of our lives. No one would make up an extracurricular or fake a grade, because they'd get caught, but we definitely misrepresent ourselves to be way more invested in each *particular* college, when really we're just happy if we get accepted by *any* college we'd find acceptable. Why the hell do we grovel at their feet, when they are far more invested in us than we are in them? FFS, we get spammed with email and actual physical mail advertising to us. (Hint: We grovel because our parents are not-so-secretly completely fucking terrified that we might do worse than them, and if that happens, it means they're FAILURES AS PARENTS PANIC PANIC PANIC)

Also, the hell is up with letters of recommendation? My teachers have actual jobs. It is not part of their job to help me beg a college for admission. It is their job to teach me. Not to mention the quality BS that goes into recommendation letters, as well. Numerous teachers just keep form letters, then fill in names and adjectives.

Standardized tests, too, are a whole crock of shit. They're tests we pay to take from people who encourage our anxiety over them and then sell us test prep in order to profit from that same anxiety. We act as if they reflect the entirety of our self worth (at least until it comes time to show colleges our essays, at which point *they* become our self worth).

Just... for fuck's sake, we've created an educational system that puts people into so much debt that they spend their entire lives paying it off. We have *serious elected officials* whose platforms include programs specifically to deal with the debt incurred by buying one's way into the middle class (because that's what it is, make no mistake. If nothing else, the growing popularity of business majors should have keyed us all in to the fact that college hasn't been about education for a long time). Doesn't this feel like we're living in a dystopia?