Should I pursue a career in student affairs?
Hello everybody, I hope you are having a wonderful whatever time of day it is where you are!

I will be graduating this spring, and I am seriously considering Masters programs in Student Affairs, but I would like to have some candid conversation about the topic. 

I am a non-traditional student. I dropped out of college when I was 22, and returned when I was 28. I am now just a few credits shy of a BS in Sociology from Oregon State University, and I will be 32 when I graduate. I identify as male. I do not have a stellar transcript, due mostly to my first attempt at school, but also to a few hiccups along the way. I will graduate with a GPA in the 3.4 range, but my main worry is some unfortunate withdraws and a few F's that remain on my record from ten years ago.

That being said, I have had so many amazing opportunities my second go round. I quickly became an officer in Sociology Club (three years running now) and an advocacy group for incarcerated peoples. I have studied inside of prisons as part of the Inside Out program, I have studied abroad with a group in Cuba, and alone as an independent studies project in Nicaragua, I have presented at two conferences and will present at one more this spring, and I was selected to visit the White House for a seminar put on by some big names, including the First Lady. All of these opportunities came to me because I worked for them, applied myself, got to know my professors and others on campus who encourage me to apply. 

The difference between me now and then is amazing, as my first go round I was shy, participated in nothing, and really didn't want to be in school. My desire is to help people realize their full potential and to connect them with the endless learning opportunities at our institutions. 

I think that Student Affairs is for me, but aside from my few acquaintances who work in the field, I don't know much about what you actually do. So I'd like to ask two questions, and a bonus. 

1) What does your job currently entail, and are you happy?
1) What advice do you have for a person looking into Masters programs?
Bonus) Should I go for it?

As an afterword, I am interested in practice, but I also have a background in, and love, research. I am also a theory nerd. Unfortunately most programs I have looked at don't place much emphasis on either theory or research. Any thoughts?

Thank you so much :)

Colin