Maybe I'm under qualified?
I graduated from university with a math degree 3 years ago. Got my first entry level job (business intelligence related at a small company) for about 5 months. It was a great opportunity for me to show my soft skills. Next job was at a big company, did that for 10 months (analytics and sales related). Most of the team I worked with was very junior and I never felt challenged. Next job was in business intelligence as well, lasted a little over a year. Got promoted after the one year mark. It was a startup and my soft skills were challenged but my technical skills weren't really a problem. It was a small team so I could learn as I went along. Once again, most of the other team members were quite junior and were less skilled than me.

&#x200B;

I left the last job and took on a data engineering role at a large company. I am now on a team of about 20 people, all of whom have substantially more experience than me. They knew before hiring me that I was a more junior person. This was one of their reservations. Even I constantly reminded them of this. I told them I was a quick learner and I suppose they believed me. I've only been there one day, but I am definitely the weakest link on the team and I worry that while they do know I have a lot of technical skills to learn, I feel they don't know how much I don't know. I never lied about my skills during the hiring process. But all of my other colleagues know high level data engineering/architect concepts that I have never once used. Moreover, this role behaves like a software developer. While I am familiar with the basics of agile and the development process, I have absolutely zero experience with a development lifecycle. For the first time since I can remember, I am at the bottom of the food chain and it is quite intimidating. I do believe I can learn, I just worry it won't be at the pace they expect.

&#x200B;

Has anyone else been in a situation like this before? It might sound a bit silly to say this, but I feel I have almost progressed too quickly in my career. In 2 and a half years, my income has increased by 210% compared to my first job. I worry that at this pace, I may breakdown, fall apart, crash, etc. I am not the most functional person (I suffered from depression for many years, can't get out of bed sometimes, can't fall asleep, etc.), and I worry I might fall back into my old habits. Has anyone experienced something like this, and what did you do to keep yourself on track?