Job searching for 10 months and not getting anything?
I'm currently stuck in a job that's ruining my physical and mental health. My colleagues have grown to dislike me and they've always looked down on me because I'm 30 years younger than all of them. I desperately want out because I don't fit in. They're all older and still mentally live in the 1950's, meaning since I'm a female in my late 20's, I'm expected to clean up after the older people and take pride in being a secretary. It's absolutely miserable. I get no benefits, pay is low, and my commute is horrendous at over an hour every single day on the city bus.

I've been applying to jobs since the beginning of the year and can't get calls back from anything other than more dead end jobs. I've applied to some out of desperation but realized I shouldn't take them. I have a Bachelor's degree in Business and I do freelance journalism work, I have good internships and other work experience. I'm no "newbie" to the workforce, but I constantly feel like I am since I can't land anything more than dead end secretary work.

I want a creative job like in writing or film production (my Business degree focused on the Entertainment industry) but it's impossible to go out and meet people since I'm extremely burned out from my current job. The job is so boring that I can't stay awake, and I've become irritable, but I've never treated any of my colleagues badly. I get home and I'm mentally done. I can eat and watch a couple youtube videos, then I'm done. But I still stay up too late because I don't want to go to sleep, knowing I'll be getting up to go back to this horrible job. I've been severely sleep deprived since last year.

I applied for a job at a bank literally across the street from where I live and I hope I get it. While I don't want to do banking, at least it will get me out of where I am and it's steps away from where I live so there's no commute. There's nothing in my city that I want to do and I've been trying to network online and do freelance work online. I would almost have to move out of where I am, but it's impossible since I can't get a job that pays enough for me to move. I feel like I'm stuck in a never ending cycle of misery.

I don't know what to do when most jobs here are dead end and I'm not getting anything more than pathetic secretary work, and I know I'm worth a lot more than that for the rest of my life.