How can I stop worrying over future workplaces and mean colleagues?
I've always dealt with insanely rude, downright batsh!t crazy colleagues and bosses in my young career (I'm 26). I realize there is always someone like this either at school and work, but how do I "get used to it"? 

One job I had, the manager screamed at everyone daily, including me, for no reason other than that was just the way he was. No one was doing anything wrong or not doing their job, but he was a seriously angry person who screamed if you didn't "look busy" enough. There was work to do and we were all doing it, but he was never satisfied. They were good colleagues actually, but this manager was the antichrist. 

My last job had a colleague who also threw insane temper tantrums just because she hated almost everyone on earth. She hated young people (we all have "no work ethic" according to her 60-something year old mind), people of any color except white, and anyone not American. She would throw things around the office and bully me verbally. I went to the boss a few times because she never did anything to fix this problem, and the boss actually snapped at me for complaining over it too much. Basically I was forced to enable the colleague's behavior like everyone else, so I quit. I cannot just "get along" with someone to make them happy, but I also will not argue with someone and act unprofessional like them. 

I'm scared to work now lol to put it bluntly. I'm actually scared of these people because I do struggle with anxiety and having to be around people who are always angry and screaming is a living nightmare for me. I do not like confrontation yet I'm always forced to interact with people who love to fight the entire 8 hour work day.

Is this how my working life is going to be? How do I actually deal with this? Or should I just try to find work at home jobs and/or start my own thing? Offices are horrible places, and I'm not willing to deal with irate colleagues the rest of my life. Being around people like this gets my heart racing and I shake from the anxiety it causes me. I've developed horrible IBS from it all. It's obviously been very bad on my health. At my last job I would have to leave the office because I would cry and almost throw up from the acid in my stomach that would get out of control due to the anxiety of the colleague bullying me and a boss who didn't care about it. 

I don't know what to do. How do you all deal with situations like this? It seems like there's no light in sight unless I can figure out a way to make a living on my own.