I’m a 29 yo flight attendant. If you were in my shoes, would you tough it out and keep flying until you can retire or start over? What else would you transition into?
Growing up I was a typical straight A student/cheerleader/overachiever who never really put much thought into what I wanted to be when I grew up. I did what everyone else was doing and went to college where I gained a bachelors of science with a 3.5 gpa. I initially thought I wanted to go to pharmacy school but changed my mind after finishing the prerequisites & working a couple years as a full time pharmacy technician. At that age I wasn’t motivated by money (I am now) and felt like I would be bored to death performing quality control on medications everyday. Soooo it was a NO for me. Instead of quitting altogether, 3 years in, I made the decision to at least finish what I’d started and spend my 4th year putting my credits towards a biology degree. (Full disclosure, Low scores on the PCAT exam & HIGH stress levels trying to study and balance life played a role in this choice...) Fast forward to today, I cannot see myself going back to school to do anything else in the healthcare industry. Just watching shows like greys anatomy or botched and the thought of more student loans make me VERY nauseous. 


Prior to college and since graduating, I’ve had various roles in hospitality/customer service: cooking, hosting, catering, serving, bottle service/bartending, etc and have been lucky enough to keep a position as a flight attendant for the past 6 years. 
In the beginning, it was GREAT! I traveled the world and never really saw it as “work” but for the past almost 3 years, that’s changed drastically & I’ve had a daily internal struggle over what else I can do with my life. The actual job itself is EASY but the lack of sleep = constant jet lag, living out of a suitcase, time alone/away from loved ones, and just having to be personable all the time is starting to take a toll on my mental health. I’m depressed and I know it’s because of my current lifestyle. I used to just enjoy my time alone at home on days off but I’ve become such an introvert that I barely want to leave the house/hotel rooms or talk to anyone now at all unless I HAVE to. Im never rude to passengers and have a perfect attendance record, but when I work with so many bubbly personalities and see people who genuinely want to go above and beyond inflight, it just confirms even more that this role isn’t for me anymore. I’m not sure if I’m just getting older and care more about consistency, stability, & work/life balance or just bored with life in general and need to stick with something that will stimulate my mind. I wish I had some sort of passion I could be pursuing in my down time, but I don’t. I thought about teaching and became a substitute for a year but couldn’t see it as a long term career either. I’m afraid I have already become complacent like many of my colleagues who’ve been flying an average of 20-40 years yet have the same complaints I do. With everything being seniority based, they say things get better with time but I’m not convinced. Also I barely use my flight benefits so they aren’t a factor keeping me “stuck” 


I STAY on indeed & the career section of so many companies & apply for jobs constantly but I’m also constantly rejected for positions I’m qualified to do (flight attendant supervisor, recruiter, instructor, anything hotel related etc) and I don’t have the experience or education required for anything outside this field paying a decent salary ($60k +). My degree is pretty much useless other than the fact that it shows I’m “smart” but clearly not smart enough to figure out a better life path. Anyone I’ve ever confided in has said “you’ll figure it out eventually” but like I said, it’s been years and I still haven’t found my calling. I’m grateful for the paycheck/benefits and understand that many ppl do not ENJOY their jobs but my job has become my entire life and I’m no longer enjoying much of it at all.