What I learned from getting laid off from a basic administrative assistant job
I (26F) recently got terminated without cause from my former job as an Administrative Assistant at a student organization. It was a nice environment to work in, in the beginning (I started this past April). Then eventually I found myself unable to put up with the menial tasks, the below average salary, and the fact that there was no opportunity for growth/advancement in this tiny organization of 4 full-time staff members (including me).

So since July 2019, I had been looking for another job. I must have submitted at least 70 applications since July, for roles related to administration. I gladly used my sick leave hours and personal leave hours to go to job interviews. However, I kept on getting turned down. 

Shortly after, my work ethic at my current job was slipping. It wasn't even a difficult job but I mentally left it soon after I started searching for other jobs. There was/is a bit of egotism in me as well; I thought that I was capable of landing a better job than this admin assistant role, that I didn't go through five years of university just to be assisting others with no sense of agency. 

I thought I could keep working there while secretly applying to other places because I was friendly, cheerful, nice. I thought personality was still important. 

Obviously I was wrong; results matter infinitely more in the workplace. I was called into my manager's office and was told that they have decided to terminate me without cause, effective on the same day. They gave me severance plus vacation pay, on top of  two more weeks of regular pay. I didn't even care about that anymore. I packed my stuff and left that office in a daze, half an hour later. 

The next five days were the lowest I had ever felt in my life. I went to speak to a counsellor for the first time in at least eight years. I sent out ten resumes a day so I don't go crazy. I thought I finally had actual depression because I no longer had any appetite.

On the sixth day after my termination, while I was essentially sulking on the bus on my way to the library to send more resumes, I received an unexpected phone call from a director from the last interview I went to, before I was terminated from my old job. He said they've decided to offer me the position of Academic Advising Student Support. Out of all the jobs that I had applied for, this was the one I wanted the most. 

I was nearly in tears because I no longer had any expectations of life turning out for the better.  I don't have connections and I don't go out of my way to network — I am on my own when it comes to finding a job, so this news really turned my life around again. I start on December 16th. 

I have thought things would have been even better if the phone call came BEFORE my termination day, so I could have resigned instead of being terminated. I could have beat my former manager to it, in a sense, and not have to feel so ashamed.

But as masochistic as it sounds, I deserved some emotional pain. Otherwise I wouldn't have learned my lesson as much —which is that results trump personality in the workplace, and also do not let your job searching affect your current job in any way! It hurts to lose all your old colleagues just like that. 

I hope anyone reading this can relate and weigh in if they have experienced similar sentiment. 

EDIT: Thank you everyone for your heartfelt comments!