Therapy was the worst thing that happened to me
A few years ago when I was suicidal I was lied to by my therapist and told we were going to the hospital for an emergency prescription change. At the time, it made sense. But looking back I feel like such an idiot. 

As I got to the hospital I was honest about how I felt suicidal, but made no plans to commit suicide, and had no method. The doctor told me that soon he’d have a discussion with me about what would be best for me. The second they got me a wheelchair I knew my mistake. I shouldn’t have been honest at all. They all lied to me. There was no discussion, no prescription change. They locked me up in the hospital and for three days I didn’t even know how long I’d be there. 

When I finally got to meet with the doctors there, they wouldn’t listen to me and continuously mocked me and treated me like a child. They were obsessed with stupid parts of my life and wouldn’t listen to my diagnosis I told them I already had (Episodic Depression or Major Depressive? I forget because it’s been a few years and we’ve talked about other things) what I do remember is that at the end of the week they said they diagnosed me with the one I already said I have, like it was new!!!! Like THEY diagnosed me and not my psychiatrist at college!! 

One of the stupid things they were obsessed with was my relationship with my best friend (who is a guy- I’m a woman) and I had to repeatedly clarify he was a friend and they kept trying to get more information about it. It was so fucking weird. Like they asked me who my support system was and I said, “my friends, like this girl, that girl, and Guy” and they’re like WHO IS GUY!!!!!!!!!!! Like it would be such an enlightening thing for me to elaborate on even though I already said he’s a friend of mine. 

I had made some friends while I was in there. Some I still keep in contact with. But worst was just that Im now thousands of dollars in debt from this whole experience. 

I had nightmares for weeks. The anxiety of being locked up completely against your will with no way to contact the outside world but a monitored phone did real damage to me. Having no privacy, no real clothes, being constantly treated like a child- it was all so terrible. 

It sucked. It wasn’t worth it. I’ve learned to NEVER tell a therapist you’re suicidal.