I have had a job that I hate and finally saved enough to change my career but realized I don't have any dreams left... What now?
Hello everyone. 

So, I came to a place in my life when I realized I must change my career path. I graduated to be a teacher. I always wanted to be one because I love working with teenagers but I could never land a job because in my country this job is considered fancy (believe it or not) and you need to be a member of a political party, pay a certain amount of money ( basically bribe a principal) or have a strong connection and friendship to land such a job. I had none of those so I had to go and find another job. That is how I started working as a customer support and stayed at that job for 7 years (not in the same company though) because I don't have the luxury to be unemployed amd wait for the perfect job. I am almost 32 now and I literally DESPISE that job. I could never get a promotion because though I avoid conflicts and am helpful towards colleagues, I am also quite introvert and don't know how to 'suck up' to authority figures. However, I did manage to save a good amount of money (I do have other smaller jobs on the side that bring income too) and now I can use that money to follow my dream or go back to school.

The only problem now is that I literally don't know what I want to do. I am not sure I want to teach anymore, well at least not as a full time job. I would like to maybe go back to school and learn new skills but I just cannot figure out what job I would really like to have in the future.

I do like arts for example but I am realistic and I know that I am not very good and that I could never live off of that job. I also thought to start learning program languages at home because I like the idea of creating smth. I am a problem solving person, pretty good with details but then I read how I would have to spend years studying this and praying that someone will give me a job without a bachelour CS degree and I get discouraged. 

Since I am almost 32 I also feel that I really want kids and if I go back to college to earn a CS degree I am afraid I will miss out on having them. Now, I know some people will judge me but, I would really like to be a stay at home mom for a period of several years and use this time to learn a new skill at home or maybe take some evening classes. I actually like staying at home and I love chores. I don't mind cooking or cleaning, doing laundry etc... I even find it relaxing. My husband is a good and caring person but the problem is that he cannot aford to have me at home since he does not earn that much.

However, I have taken the plunge and quit the idea of having a customer support job ever in my life because I literally cannot take it anymore. My husband supports me in this idea because he wants me to have a job that makes me happy. Now I am living off of him and my savings while contemplating what to do next but can't figure it out. 

Has anyone had this issue, have you successfully transitioned careers and how did you move from this 'status quo'?