Concerned about supervisor behavior/disrespect
Let me start by saying I like my current new job, I am a few weeks into a new position as an admin assistant. Myself and the other admin. assistant who herself has been here a few years, work together everyday and she was telling me a story which rubbed me the wrong way. Let me preface this story by stating that the building we work in requires us to escort individuals who do not have access badges. As a result, when the cleaning crew comes in each morning we are required to follow them around until they are done for security purposes.

She told me that once when she was newer, the bell rang at the front door and she left the cleaning ladies for a quick minute to let the person at the front in - mind you, the cleaning crew was still in her line of sight so it shouldn't have been an issue. The supervisor witnessed this and when she told him why she left the ladies for a quick second he yelled at her quite loudly in front of a multitude of high-ranking employees and said "WHY WOULDN'T YOU TAKE THEM WITH YOU TO THE DOOR? USE YOUR HEAD, USE YOUR HEAD!" \*while pointing to his head aggressively\*  My co-worker is soft-natured and this affected her so she went to him later in his office and confronted him about him trying to act like a big shot in front of the higher employees by disrespecting her and that it would have been better for him to have told her about her mistake privately. He apologized and it was over.

Or so I thought.

I keep hearing small anecdotes from her here and there about how he chewed out the last girl in my position when she would make a small mistake and how he's chewed others out. I guess what I am trying to ask is, what is the best way to handle such situations? If that had happened to you what would you have done? In my opinion, he seems insecure as he makes me do more of the technical work on Microsoft office since he is an older fellow (mid-50's) but, does not admit that he does not know how to do it. Instead, he acts like I "helped" him out due to his "high work load". He also acts differently when the government employees are present since we're contractors. How does one handle someone who could potentially be demeaning and rude at work? I do like my job but, I want to avoid being embarrassed publically.

Let me add to this: Yes, he is my direct supervisor but, the project manager is the boss for both of us and is much more professional in nature.