What's so bad about being a lawyer?
A letter to unsure future lawyers


Given to me from my law/legal professor in undergrad. I told him I was on the fence to becoming an attorney, and he sent me this.

Mr. A,

I always tell my students that I am but one side of the coin of the profession of law. There are lot of downsides to this profession. To get there in the first place you have to generally expend a decent amount of money (college, LSAT prep and the actual test, applications etc.). Then you have to take out generally $150k-$250k to actually go to school. Your loans will be at a rate of 6-12% depending on how lucky you are, but in general the interest on those loans is going to be insurmountable unless you get a very high paying job and really sacrifice your quality of life for several years.

Once you've gotten there, the study is unlike anything you've done before - 14-18 hour days are not uncommon. Once you begin to practice, you are exposed to routine long days, verbal and mental abuse from your superiors and clients and all so you can make low 6 figures with the possibility to potentially make it out of the rat race and become a partner. Except, there are generally not enough jobs, despite the glut of attorneys and if you don't go to a top school, those opportunities may not be entirely available. If you do make partner, now you have the responsibility of not only running your cases, but also ensuring that your associates are making money for you and not tanking your case. You work weekends, holidays, birthdays, anniversaries - whatever the case and your superiors or your clients demand. There is high pressure on you to deliver the best possible result to your client, even if that result isn't necessarily possible given the circumstances of the case. Your client's problems become your own problems. You take your work home with you and expose your loved ones to the stress of the job.

If this doesn't sound like something you're prepared to do, then I would suggest not going. But, as I have said, there are upsides and I am generally on the very cynical end of the spectrum for attorneys. I tell you guys not to go because most of you shouldn't go. You don't know who you are, what you want in life, and how you are going to align your strategy to achieve those goals. Asking a 21 year-old to go off and make a decision about the next 40-50 years of their life is honestly a very fraught proposition. I tell students to expose themselves to the law - take law classes, talk to University alumni who are lawyers, go work in a law firm, go sit in on law school classes. Do everything you can to prepare yourself for what it will be like and if you like what you are being exposed to, then by all means, go and enroll. Generally, students don't know why they want to be lawyers - they just assume that it's the next step in their education without asking whether they want to do this job for several decades.

In my 2 years of teaching at university, only 1 student has proven to me that they are prepared for this in every way you should be before going. This is out of several hundreds of students that I have had now. So in that way, I suggest you look at some of these things and take them under advisement. If you enjoy your free time, low pressure etc., this is not a job for you, and that is not a bad thing to say or admit. It takes a very specific type of person to do this work and that doesn't mean that that type of person is a good person etc. It just means they are attuned to the type of life this will be. Every single person I have told not to go who went anyway came back to tell me that they regretted it. That's not to say that you don't come to enjoy certain parts of the job. But if you want to last in this business, you have to love it.

I tell students to take a few gap years and go work and learn about themselves. Go see the world. Go work in our government. Go teach English in another country. Go do the things you always wanted to do because once you become a professional - any kind - those opportunities begin to disappear. I have taken a total of 3 vacations in my 6 years as an attorney and I worked during all 3 of them. Go live your life - the law and law school will still be here if you've done all of these things and still want to go. Let me know if you have any other questions.

Professor D