Got rejected from a job I told everyone I was going to get, Feel like an idiot
I’ve spent the last 3 years of my life working an entry level clerical accounts receivable job where I’m pretty much just a glorified collections specialist. I’ve tried applying for internal promotions, but my lack of seniority and inability to reference my current job as relevant experience prevents me from moving up. My boss refuses to give me any kind of stretch assignments with other teams to pad my experience. I get paid hourly and make $35K/year; I live paycheck to paycheck. My company is run so bureaucratically and I hate clocking in and out every day like a common wage slave. I’m so miserable here.

A job for a company in a different state opened up about 2 months ago, and I applied for it. I actually know a lot of the people at that company and have some very good relationships with the employees, even the hiring manager. The interview went extremely well overall. I did poorly on the Excel test I was given, but they seemed to care a lot more about the interview itself, and the hiring manager said that a lot of applicants tend not to do well on the test. I was so confident I was going to get it that as soon as I got back I couldn’t stop talking to my coworkers about it. My supervisor was also positive I was going to get it that she actually had me train a potential replacement for my current job.

Well, my coworker has similarly good relations with this company as well and applied to the same job, unbeknownst to me. He’s a few years younger than me and has only worked here for less than a year, so he has much less experience than me. Apparently he scored perfectly on the Excel test and rocked the interview. We interviewed 3 weeks ago, and last week when I got my rejection email he got an offer letter. This job was the biggest opportunity of my life, and I feel like such an idiot after bragging about it for the past several weeks to all my friends and coworkers. I think I was probably the runner up and would have for sure gotten it if my coworker hadn’t applied. I don’t even know what to do now because my current job is so bad with such an uninteresting title that I have no chance of getting a better job somewhere else other than where I applied. I feel like my best bet now is to keep waiting around here until something opens up internally for me to apply to, but I’ll probably get rejected from that too.

How can I improve my job prospects in the situation that I’m in? Everything I’ve tried has just been a dead end, and I cannot imagine working this horrible dead end job past my twenties.