Is it worthwhile to question job recruiters about potential wage increases?
A few months ago I got my first job in the networking field (computer sciences).  I went to school for this, and a week after my final day of class, I started this job, I was hired before I even graduated.  It seemed too good to be true.  A lot of people graduate and are stuck looking for work in their field, I suppose I got lucky enough to have found that quite quickly.  I am thankful for this, and it is experience in the IT field at the very least.

The job I am working only hires people through job recruiters, you can't be directly hired into these positions.  There are multiple recruiting agencies that look for candidates for these jobs, and the one I use is rumored to be one of the better ones (according to coworkers).  Until today, I had never spoken to anyone about their wages, but I have heard multiple other coworkers complain about how low the wages are for this field in comparison to other companies.  I admittedly thought it was low before I was hired, but for entry level, I wasn't going to complain.

Well two of my former classmates were hired to this company, both obtaining the same degree as myself.  However, neither of these two people have any certifications in the IT world, whereas I obtained my CCENT and my CCNA (Cisco certifications.  This is important as we are contractual workers for Cisco), neither of them have experience in the field either.  It comes to find out, they both get paid more than me.  One by a rather insignificant amount, the other by +$4 per hour.  This seems off to me, I studied and paid to obtain certifications whereas the other two have either failed their cert exams, or have yet to attempt them.

When I first applied to this job, all I had was my CCENT.  I was told what my wage would be, and I agreed to it.  Right before being officially hired, I took my ICND2 exam and passed earning me my CCNA.  I figured this might raise my salary slightly, but it didn't.  I was also told that this job only hired those with their CCENT or CCNA certs, but preferred CCNA.  Now I am realizing that that isn't true at all, considering the two people I mentioned obtaining the same position. 

My question is, are job recruiters generally open to the idea of potential wage increases or am I just SOL?  I agreed to the wage offered, and I can't be mad if I am stuck with it.  From what I have gathered from other coworkers (many of which go through the same recruiter as myself), you are kind of stuck with what you get with zero room for advancement.  But what strikes me as interesting is my pay being less, even though, "technically", I should be more qualified.