Can't get any kind of job. What happens to people like me?
I'm in my early-mid twenties and I've never had a job.

Without getting into too much detail, I've had a problem throughout my entire life which had disallowed me from participating effectively in any kind of institutional setting. I would summarize the problem by saying that I can't deal with ambiguity. In school, I would sometimes not turn in work that I had already done because I wasn't exactly sure where or how to turn it in, and I was too afraid to ask. That's an extreme case, but I had lots of other smaller issues like that. Not sure of how to do some kind of project that they provided little to no information on the specifics of. I'm sure people can relate, but the difference between you and me is that you seem to be able to bs your way through it and find some way to figure out what they're trying to ask you to do.

I was homeschooled for a lot of my life, and my problems with ambiguous instructions began in 4th grade where I attended a public school for the first time. I also have pretty bad social anxiety and I generally lack common sense in a lot of areas, leading to various other problems functioning. I would go into more detail but it seems unnecessary for now. The basic point I'm trying to make is that I can't deal with normal institutional scenarios. I'm pretty intelligent and pretty talented in some areas, but when an obligation presents itself in the form of an institution, that's when I can't deal with it. I don't want to deal with it but I also can't. Somehow, when a bunch of bureaucrats or a bunch of profiteers get involved in some sort of activity, they turn the activity itself into a secondary goal. The main goal is to fulfill the bureaucracy's requirements, or to suck up to the right people, or to help your boss make profit. No one wants me to do some task for the sake of simply doing the task, and I think the spirit of that situation is just very difficult for me to function in, and the ambiguous instructions that come up in that situation are just the cherry on top, guaranteeng that I won't be able to do what the job is asking. As an example, I'm somewhat talented at computer security, and I enjoy messing around on my own with it, but in an employment scenario, instead of just doing what needs to be done, I'm suddenly gonna have to write a report, and present a slideshow, or some other bureaucratic garbage which as I said, is designed to fulfill some need other than the immediate requirements of the job, which is where I struggle.

So anyway, just to finish my history. I went to middle school until I left in the 7th grade when I dropped out and became homeschooled again, which didn't actually entail much official schooling. I mostly just educated myself on stuff I happened to be interested in. My parents knew I couldn't take public school anymore. I went to a community college during the time that I was finishing up my homeschooling time. It took me over five years but eventually I got a associates degree and in college I suffered from all the same problems I laid out before. But I did get the degree. It's useless for me however.

So, I'm now in a situation where I've kind of accepted that I can't get a job. If I were to go to an interview, I'd be far too awkward and unable to follow the instructions during the interview, both in preparation for it and in terms of answering the questions during it. Secondly, if I did ever get a job somehow, I'd be fired within a couple weeks as soon as the employers see that I can't perform. My parents have been understanding to some degree and have supported me up until now, but our financial situation is much tighter now and I really want to try and help out, even though I know I can't.

I would say that the only job I could really get would be some kind of job where the boss tells you exactly what to do and there's no reading between the lines whatsoever. For example, the boss says "take this shovel and move these rocks from this pile into that pile." I can do that, but even with manual labor, a lot of it is too difficult for me to interpret what they're asking me to do. Does anyone have any advice on what I should try to do? I basically just want some kind of manual labor job (not dissing manual labor at all here, just to be clear) where I don't really have to engage in deep thought about what's going on. I was thinking maybe some kind of assembly line job could be possible. I really want to try and find something here, but I don't really think there's a specific job that allows for simple manual labor like that. Do such jobs exist, and if so, what sort of titles would they be under and how might I apply for it? I I just wonder what happens to people like me sometimes. I mean what if I can't get any kind of job? I live in the US and we have basically no welfare state whatsoever. Especially since I've never had a job, they won't give me anything. I guess I'm just gonna be homeless, but I think I might have missed some kind of opportunity in the form of a simple, manual labor job that doesn't require previous experience in carpentry or construction or anything like that, and that doesn't require any of the thinking on your feet that I'm so bad at. I really appreciate any advice.