I've gone to a hotel at the other end of the country to kill myself
I'm due to head back tomorrow, at least that's what I've told people. I've quit my job because it's fucking pointless. None of this matters, life is arbitrary. We're thrown into a system completely devoid of any compassion, this isn't life, this is servitude and I refuse to play along anymore. I'm so fucking tired of plastering a smile on my face and pretending like everything is going to be okay. 

Have you looked at the news lately? Everything is falling apart around us, the planet is on fire, people are being rounded up, privacy is non-existent and we're told repeatedly that we have no value unless we've been commoditized. Buy this, buy that, you need this random, useless tatt but we don't! We don't *need* any of it but it's still rammed down our throats day in, day out, bombarding us from every fucking direction and I'm just exhausted. 

I can't do this for another 40 years, I'm done, I'm checking out and I don't mean from the hotel. I'm going to have a large gin and tonic while I run a bath. It might relax me amd there's a niggling voice at the back of mind screaming "PLEASE DON'T DO THIS" but I don't want to listen anymore. 

Mum, if by chance you happen to read this, please know that I love you and I'm truly, truly sorry for putting you through this. For what it's worth I'm so glad that you enjoyed Silverstone. I love you. I love you I fucking love you and im sorry

Edit: I'm still here. This has been the most difficult 24 hours of my life but I'm still here. I took the train back today and told my mum I needed to speak to her urgently, as soon as I saw her I told her I loved her, I told her why I went to a hotel and then I broke down in tears like an absolute mess. She told me she couldn't stand the thought of burying one of her sons, we hugged and I cried on her for about 20 minutes. I'm back at home now and reading most of the responses here has been overwhelming. I still don't think I can go on, but I think I'm going to at least try, until it becomes unbearable again anyway.