Every time more senior collaborator doesn't like the results, it's my fault
I'm stuck working on this one project with a collaborator who used to be a good friend but turned sour after graduating PhD, moving to another institution, and being promoted to assistant research professor the year after postdoc. 

A situation that occurs quite often is, I'd have some concerns about the quality of our results and the assumptions of our approach, he would ignore them or explain them away, I'd run the evaluation on our results, and he would be unhappy if he doesn't see the trends he expects. 

He would sometimes reiterate to me the claims he wants to make in a paper, as if I can magically snap my fingers and make the model behave a certain way. He seems very rigid to feedback or exposing gaping holes in the methodology, and harbors this irrational attachment to every idea of his while explaining all the faults of the method with decisions I made instead. 

It makes me very anxious to interact with someone who thinks I'm such a failure, and he's not even my advisor, so I don't have to answer to him. He's just a former friend with whom I'm stuck interacting while this work turns into an accepted publication. I used to hold out hope that we could restore our friendship but I don't see that happening given he's treated me like this for two years, sometimes publicly shaming me in front of both of our professors in email form when he was extra upset.

Right now, we got our reviews back from a resubmission of this paper to a different conference and they're overall positive except for one comment. I provided the extra evaluation necessary, and now he is unhappy that the numbers don't corroborate the reviewer's complaint more conclusively. He is essentially telling me what I should have done in the past, how I should have done it, and why what I did doesn't matter when he had every opportunity to give feedback and ideas in the past when I closely shared updates with him.

This year I'm much less affected by him but the two years prior, I was having a very difficult time wrapping my head around the fact that a good friend became someone who thinks so little of me. I've gotten threats of my project being taken over by him if he doesn't see certain types of action, I've been told he will contact my advisor directly if I don't respond to his requests, I've gotten authorship threats (implying I could be shifted to the back or omitted from author list altogether). It was incredibly toxic especially since I was in the middle of my PhD, hadn't published that much yet, and was still looking at him as a mentor.

How do you all deal with people like that?