A recruiter lectured me regarding my handling of my interview, and then extended an offer; should I still accept?
I recently began applying to jobs (I’m in marketing) because my current job has become stagnant and I felt it was time for a change. I am still employed, and intend to quit upon accepting an offer elsewhere. 

Over the span of a couple months and about 20 applications I finally heard from a company. The business is a large company based in my city with locations all over the US and Canada. They wanted to get me on the phone ASAP for a screening with the company recruiter. That went well and I was scheduled for a phone interview with the hiring manager. This also went very well. The call was originally scheduled for 30 minutes, but continued for about an hour. The next day I heard back from the recruiter that they wanted to schedule an in-person interview.

I was told what time to arrive for the interview and was told to “plan for an hour or little bit longer”. I showed up right on time and the interview began promptly. I nailed every question and from what I could tell, they were very impressed with my experience and potential. It was all smiles and good vibes from the moment I walked in to the moment I left. I never once looked at the clock because the conversation was fast paced and smooth. When I left I looked at the clock in the car and it turns out the interview lasted just shy of 2 hours.

The next morning (this morning) I received a call from the recruiter with good news. They were extending an offer to me! Naturally I was ecstatic, but the recruiter quickly turned the conversation to an issue that had come up in my interviews. She told me the hiring manager expressed to the recruiter that I went over on time during both of my interviews, and that if I wanted to work at this company I would need to “nip that in the bud” because this company takes meeting schedules very seriously. She went on to give a light lecture about time management and learning to read the room.

I was completely caught off guard. Generally speaking I think I’m pretty good at room reading and receiving social cues. I was also taught for years that it can often be a good thing when an interview goes over its allotted time since that usually means they like what they’re hearing. I’ll remind you that the room was all smiles and good vibes. They spent about 3/4 of the time asking me specific experience related questions, and left the remaining time to allow me to ask them questions of my own. 

This whole thing is making me think about what kind of culture this business might have. They lectured me before I even worked for them. It’s made me seriously consider not accepting the offer. 

Am I over reacting? Is this normal? I’ve worked in a professional environment for years so I know how to operate and communicate in an situation like this. Should I reject the offer and wait for a different opportunity? I’m not in a rush, but I look forward to leaving my current job.