I really need help and advice
Hi I'm 16 years old and going to be a junior next year at my highschool. I ran track as a sophomore and now am doing cross country try over the summer but I have a big problem. My coach had a talk with me and my mom telling me he doesn't think I can continue on into the fall with the team running without being injured all the time and not being able to run. He said this and my mom agreed with him so now I basically got dropped from the team. The reason he said this is because I have screws in my foot from when I broke my ankle in the 8 th grade because I thought I had to play football and now my right ankle doesn't bend all the way forward which causes loads of imbalances in my running form that cause injuries. I basically suffered through the summer with running and was really stressed out but I worked my ass off and now being off the team I've just stopped. School has not started yet and theirs still a practice meet coming up which I could run in but I just feel so out of shape and my parents are set on me not running anymore. The coach told me I could join back on the team and run but it would have to be okay with my mom. I really wanna finish what I started in training and not loose my fitness but I've just been so unmotivated and seditary not running this week that I don't know if I can even have the ability to run. Everyday that goes by I can't stop thinking about how I should be running and the whole team is running without me. I hated practice when I was running and my ankle just made evei more stressfull but I LOVED everything that came with the running. The feeling of accomplishment after running 10 miles to taking an ice bath after to being able to eat big meals and feeling accomplished knowing how much work I just put in is like an addiction and I cant drop it. But now it's like what's the point of even running 4 miles if I'm not in cross country... I could still join back or just become a regular person and not be an athlete but I hate the idea of that. Also even if I did join back I know that I'm basically at square one right now and I would have to go through all this shit again in putting my all into train just so I can get to a reasonable level of fitness which pisses me off. Schools about to stark and I'm lost. Running did ruin my summer but I'm just to involved and invested in running to just stop.... Forever. I don't know what to do. I thought it would be fun to not have to worry about waking up early everyday and run, but now that's its actually a reality all I can think about is how i should be running. Just any advice would help.