This day sucks
I don't know, maybe I'm being pathetic. But things do get to me.

It started the moment I woke up. I go on twitter and see this horrible news that one of the famous basketball icons, Kobe Bryant was gone. What shattered my heart was that his daughter had died with him. I never really liked basketball that much but I was shocked when tears started to roll down my face.

I slept at 4AM and woke up at around 8:30AM to get ready for school. I had exams today and I guess I tried my best to be prepared for it. 

When I took the exam, the two proctors were whispering to one another. I found out later on that they were gossiping about how they thought my classmate's boyfriend was ugly, which had ticked me off btw, they were both fresh graduates and were waiting to pass the teachers licensing exam, so I found that despicable. Anyway, it really annoyed me and I found myself shushing them, because I couldn't focus. Then the proctor just smiled at me and sarcastically said "If I'm making too much noise for you, then please leave the classroom so you can take the exam in peace." It irritated me to my core, so I said "fuck it" and wrote whatever the fuck I want on that piece of paper.

In the afternoon, I kinda skipped class with my best friend to grab milkteas. I had just found out that she has this heart disease and it's keeping me on edge; so I want to spend as much time with her as possible before her operation.

We just got back and headed to the library. I remembered I had forgotten to bring "professional" clothes for our film. So I told my other "best friend" that I had forgotten it. But she cut me off before finishing my sentence by yelling "shut up a second". That had really ticked me off. After that, I remained quiet, scrolling on my phone.

After that, the girl that had cut me off half sentence said "hey, did you guys remember to bring clothes today" and I answered "I tried to tell you but you cu-" "why the fuck would you tell me? Do I seem like the leader or something" she cut me off the second time. This time, it really pissed me off. She had done this before and I always made sure to stay quiet as to not make another fuss. I don't like conflicts because I can be quite the debater. 

She proceeded to spit out sarcastic remarks in front of our classmates in order to embarrass me further, I guess. So, I just stepped out and went to our office.

Now, I'm writing this with a really heavy feeling in my chest. I may just be pitying myself and being pathetic but I just feeĺ sucky that I don't want to tell any of my friends how I really feel right now. I guess, having strangers read this and not judge you is better for me. What my friend said to me really just hurt me. But I don't want to admit that to anyone that knows me personally.

If you made it this far, thank you for taking the time to read this post. Knowing someone knows how I feel is comfort enough.