Made redundant after 2 weeks! The reason behind it it's so weird, is it just because I am that bad?!?
So, I got this job in an apparently nice company with a lot of e-commerce shops (they produce little things for kitchen/home essentials). They're stuff is doing very good on Amazon/Ebay. I applied for two position, specified that I do have skills and desire to be interview for a specific one (with much my previous job title) and I got the job after two interviews. I was really happy and started the next day. My manager was absolutely nice and started to show me my jobs, tasks etc. I never lied to them about my abilities or knowledge and I told them that I am a very quite person, but if I do not understand I ask for help/info. Few days later, the main manager goes to holiday. He booked a long time ago and left me with a lot of tasks to complete and a schedule to follow every day. As soon as I got there:

\-My desk was empty. Main pc was taken by someone else, I asked for clarification, still waiting an answer. Other manager ask me to get my personal laptop next day.

\-All my schedule is being changed by the other managers as they like and I am being tucked away to a department to help them due to absences and holidays booked by people. I do understand that I am the new person, so I just joined this department and helped them as the other managers kept asking me.

\-This department is a mess, people rely to their impression, they do not have any spreadsheets/formula/process. So, I was constantly confused by their own confusion. I started to take care of the most important things, get the warehouse to pack the orders in time. 

\-That led to the warehouse team deciding that I am their direct manager and complaining about everything, from the roof leaking and to the HR issues as holidays.

Finally, after 7 days, my direct manager come back and it's announcing that he is leaving soon. That leads to the HR people telling me that I am not good enough for them, I can't do his job (which is obviously , I did not apply for the managing position, but the assistant one!) so they need some person with a lot of experience behind and my role is going to be cut. When I asked if I did something so wrong to let me down that quickly, they replied that I am slow and I should known everybody jobs and process by now. I replied that I did not have any real guidance expect for the first few days, and I did repeatedly ask for more training from seniors and I did asked them that in this way I would do more harm than good. Well, HR started to say that I was not polite, that I did ask too many questions and to get the checks for the 2 weeks and leave.

I tried to not be upset, because I had a feeling last weekend that some sh\*tshow was going to hit me, but I tried to talk with the nice manager and he apologize for leaving me to the wolf and that he did not care about my situation because he is leaving. Which made him not that nice in the end.

So, Do I have to take this as sign that maybe I should not aspire to have technical job and settle for the normal admin stuff that I did for the last 4 years. I wanted this job to get the chance to improve my skills and maybe start a career in e-commerce. But maybe they are right, I am just dumb.