I don’t want to die, but I don’t want to exist
My depression has been really getting to me lately. I feel apathetic about life. I have moments of contentment, but most of the time, I just don’t care. Nothing matters. I just want to sleep all day.

I’m sure my job at the thrift store isn’t really helping any. My manager has created so many rules and regulations that I never want to go in anymore, but I have no other job to fall back on. No sitting down on the clock, don’t talk to your coworkers for more than a few seconds (even if it’s about work), bathroom breaks need to be taken on our breaks or you need to be out within five minutes, you have to get a doctor’s note even if you just have a common cold... If you get off work early, you can’t come back in and shop, you can only shop on your days off. I’m trying to remember them all, but it’s nearly 11pm, and I’m tired, so please forgive me not listing all of them. I’m not even sure I know all of them, since they change from day to day. 

But I still feel sort of guilty. I have a job. I should be thankful, even though I often wish to just run away. I have a home, I don’t have to pay rent since I live with my grandparents... but living with them, and all their cats, and my nana’s nephew that has an intellectual disability that calls me fat, lazy, useless, etc., it doesn’t feel much better. I would like to just appreciate what I have, like people tell me to all the time... but instead I just feel sad. 

And I don’t feel like I can really tell these things to people. I fear burdening my boyfriend, I fear my therapist putting me in the psych ward, and I stupidly let it slip how miserable I’ve been lately to my psychiatrist, who has upped my dosage and also insists I speak with case management and move out. Which that’d be great, only I’m too depressed to take care of myself half the time, and despite the huge amount of stress my job causes me, it doesn’t pay enough for me to survive on. Not even the minimum level of survival. 

Is there no way to feel joy in life anymore? Is there no way to end this perpetual cycle of being tired and stressed all the time? Have I just rambled on nonsensically? I just want to *want* to exist, at least, instead of thinking, *”I’d have no qualms with dying today. Not waking up would be fine. If some entity just snapped their fingers and i was erased from time and space, that’d be swell.”* 

On a side note, I intend to be up a little while longer, but I may fall asleep. Some nights I can’t sleep until 2am, others I can’t even make it past 9pm, but I never want to get up. I only do because I know if I don’t, no one is going to help me when everything starts falling apart a month from now.