I'm part of a very close knit friend group and people have different feelings toward one another
I'm a 17 year old in the UK and am at 6th form currently. The group of friends that I am part of is great, I am so lucky to be with them. We're all very alike and always enjoy spending time together (at least I with them) but recently, feelings have been bouncing around. This may take a little while, I apologise in advance!

There is around 5 of us that are the base of the friend group and then 3 others that are sometimes involved. We are all heavily into PC gaming and all in the same year at school. 1 of us is a girl and this hasn't been a problem ever until recently. We all study different subjects for a start but mostly don't go a day without talking to each other as we use software like teamspeak/skype etc to communicate if we happen to not talk at 6th form. We meet up regularly, theme parks, cinema, game nights (D&D etc). About 2 years ago was when we all really became close friends. One of the guys from our group (the closest to me, almost brothers) was dating the girl for a while and everyone I believe was absolutely cool with it. Eventually after a 2 year (I think) relationship they broke up but we're still great friends and it could almost be seen as it didn't even happen even though at some points they were the centre point of our group friendship now we're all equal in the friendship, no individual is above another which is great.

Move on to now, we're all closer than we've ever been, moving onto the next year of 6th form then on to University or whatever we're doing next. However, when we received our results, one of our friend group hasn't managed to get through to next year. There's everyone from every end of the achievement scale from A* students to D's and E's and we're all fine with that, though there was someone who used to be close in our friend group who dropped out a few months before we did our end of year exams and he moved to a college and now barely speaks to us bar meeting up every so often, I am afraid this may happen and also, it turns out that my friend who is leaving to study somewhere else due to results has recently told me they have feelings for the girl, it is believed he has for a while and it doesn't bother me though she has recently got a boyfriend whom isn't part of the friend group, this is the problem and I don't know what I can do about the fact that she's obviously not interested and he's so caught up with her he spends more time with her than anyone, not only that but the friend who had previously been dating her seems to feel that anything she does gets on his nerves he doesn't understand it and it can't be any form of jealousy as those feeling were present before she was dating but he also has a girlfriend now so he probably doesn't still have feelings for her.. It's all quite a lot and I don't understand why and I may be over thinking it but it's left me sleepless on a few occasions. 

Finally, to round it all up, I myself am afraid that when we do finally leave after this year we will struggle to stay in contact as we're all going to follow multiple different career paths and honestly, I am so close to these guys that they're like a second family and I can honestly say that I would take a bullet for any of them but I am just scared of the future and what it'll bring for such a close group of friends...

(EDIT1: Sometimes I add worlds like 'on and to' together like they're one word.. )

(EDIT2: Something else to add here, I've also noticed and mentioned to the female member of the group that as a group of friends we can talk about anything. Anything except sex and relationships. We do talk about some very strange things (in a joking way) but if you ever try to bring up something serious about sex or relationships or anything it's instantly backhanded out of the conversation by a joking comment, instantly making it no longer serious and it just gets skimmed over.)