Hadn’t Left the house in four years update.
Hello all, I wanted to give an update on my progress in hopes to maybe inspire just one person to take that first step.  4 1/2 years ago I had a complete mental breakdown due to a number of stressors and my alcohol abuse reaching critical mass.  Prior to this I did suffer from anxiety for years but was still able to hold down a job, have a social life and be a relatively good father to my children.  
    After being house bound for 3 1/2  years I wasn’t able to walk to the mailbox without having a panic attack. I was so depressed and defeated I didn’t see the point in even existing anymore. I felt I had nothing to offer this world so in what literally felt like a life and death decision I reached out for help. I called my local  NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness) chapter and tearfully admitted the hell I had been going through.  It felt so liberating just to hear my voice letting some of that pain out. After a half hour or so on the phone, the women kindly suggested I start talking to a therapist via video chat. I did some research and decided on a company called betterhelp. I was assigned a counselor and she helped me to come around to the idea of medication. I then began video chat sessions with a psychiatrist with a company Teladoc. I was prescribed 15 mg (after a gradual increase) of lexapro.  My wife of coarse had to pick up the called in script from the pharmacy. The first two months were not good to say the least, I had a lot of side effects but I pushed through and by the third month i started feeling a little bit of my confidence returning.  I would take little walks a couple hundred feet from the house.  I started to white knuckle drive around the block.  In May of this year at 5 months of medication, on a Saturday morning something in me clicked.  I just said fuck it, jumped in my car and drove a couple miles down the road through multiple stoplights to a Home Depot, went inside and made a purchase. It was TERRIFYING!  I was a nervous wreck but by the time I made it home I was so stinkin proud of myself I was gitty. I came right on here to reddit and announced my crowning achievement. 
     In the time since then I push myself everyday. Little by little expanding my comfort zone.  I now can drive anywhere in the city, I have even taken the freeway to the next city over. I go for walks with my family to the park. I have gone out to dinners and reconnected with some old friends. Most importantly the quality time out of the house with my children has returned me a mindset that I do have value, and I do have something to offer this world.  I still have down days but overall I am happy and proud of the progress I have made.   
    For me the combination of medication and cognitive behavioral therapy has proven to loosen the chains of anxiety but none of this would have been possible without taking that very first step of many first steps,    Asking for help!   From the bottom of my heart I wish all of you the best.