I'm mentally and physically fucked.
Where to start... 

I'm unhappy.  Straight up.  I've gotten into rut a that I'm not sure I can make it out of, and it's costing me the (so called) best years of my life. 

I'll try and speed this up so I don't bore any of you to death.  

It started two years ago when my  SO of ~4 years broke up with me for the 2nd (and final) time.  I was a typical depressed mess, as are most people in that situation, but I reverted back to my old habit of wrist cutting.  Focusing on the warm red burn helped me to take my mind off my ex and everything else I attempted just reminded me of them.  I got over it eventually, but something lingered.  It changed me. 

I used to be a fairly open person with my friends.  I could talk about anything, even some dark memories from the past. I could speak to them about my struggles with eating disorders, self-harm, and about how I was raped a long time ago when I was a much smaller person.  But now I am a closed, locked, double bolted, chained, welded shut door.

I don't even like my friends anymore.  I feel like they just put up with my shit so that if I kill myself, they'll be able to say "at least we were there."  

They always come to me with their problems because I listen and try to give the best unbiased advice about whatever is bothering them, and afterwards they will sometimes ask me how I am doing.  "Fine."  

Sometimes I like to see what I can get away with around them.  A couple months ago while we were all getting ready to go out for the night, I crept into my room when nobody was looking with a filet knife.  When it was time to head out, I sliced a pretty decent chunk right out of the inside of my forearm.  Half way to a house party, one of them noticed the blood trickling and told me I was bleeding. I played it off as though I was drunk and must have collided with something.  I also like to joke about killing myself.  They think its funny and sometimes they make suicidal jokes too.  

My self-confidence is pitiful.  I've resorted back to starving myself for a few days and then smoking weed and binging for a night.  I know I'm underweight, but I've never had an accurate image of what I look like.  I'm pretty short (5'5) so I feel like I will always look fat no matter what I do.  One of my friends (who's known me long enough to know about my eating disorder) says things to me almost daily that drag me down even further.  A couple examples: last spring a week before break I was encouraged to stop eating again before we went on vacation (and I did), a few days ago I was complimented on being thicker than I was at the end of the summer (I've lost 8 pounds since).  This person also has an outstanding history of cock-blocking me. 

I don't know if my hair has always shed this much, or if it's all falling out.  More than a year ago I noticed that I could run my fingers through my hair (like a comb) numerous times, and come up with a huge clump of hair.  I do this every night now.  I just sit here and run my fingers through my hair and keep track of how many of my hairs fall out.  Before long my keyboard is just a mess of hair balls.  Sometimes I put the clumps of hair into this little drawer.  There's probably enough to donate in there.. but my hair doesn't look much different, and I've become obsessed with proper hair hygiene. 

Falling asleep at night is a struggle at best.  I sit like a drone at my computer until 6 in the morning, and then when I finally decide that its time to try to sleep, something strange happens.  Just as I can feel myself drifting off to sleep, my heart goes absolutely crazy.  It's like a shot of adrenaline.  I'm not talking about a falling dream, or something like that.. My heart just starts racing out of nowhere.  

Waking up is near impossible.  I never feel well rested.  I skip a lot of class and I'm late to work every day because I just can't get up.  

Sometimes I physically feel what I can only describe as hate.  It's like an ice-covered firestorm in my skull that slowly corrupts the rest of my body in the form of a chill, shivering down my spine.  If it wasn't for my immense love for my pets and all animals, I don't know how I would cool down from this.  

The last thing I'm going to mention for now are my feelings for a person.  It's wrong, but I really like someone who is dating another one of my friends.  Sometimes I think that this person feels the same way.  Others have also expressed that they think this person is into me, but I deny it to them because even if they were... it would never work.  The person they are dating has been a friend for a very long time.  It is difficult to bury these thoughts sometimes.  


I don't know what I'm hoping to achieve by putting this stuff on here... but maybe letting some of this out will make me feel a bit better.  It's past 6am, so I guess I should try and get some sleep.