I can't stop crying. I can't shut my brain up. I can't function and I can't stand it and I need to make it stop.
I'm sorry this is so rambly and incoherent, I'm sobbing so fucking hard and I can barely breathe but I tried my best to make it make a little sense and to break it into paragraphs at least.

Last week I got in an argument with someone I was close to and said things to them that really hurt them because I was hurting a lot myself.  It's things that I didn't and never ever would actually think or mean but they just spilled out because I was hurting and terrified and my brain just...broke.  I know that's no excuse, I hurt them and it's awful, that's all there is to it, I feel horrid and I always will.  But yeah, they said and did hurtful things too, it was bad on both ends.  I ended up in the hospital on a 72 hour hold.

As a sidenote I realized a few hours after the fact I'd forgotten to take my depression/anxiety/etc. meds the day of that fight and I hate myself so damn much.  If I ever forget them (which happens from time to time because I have quite severe ADHD that makes me very forgetful) I get especially sensitive and emotional and more prone to being a big whiny baby and if I'd just remembered to take them I'm 99% sure none of this would have happened but I'm so goddamn stupid and useless that I forgot and now everything's ruined due to my own fucking stupidity.

Anyway.  I came home and things are ruined, people who used to say I'm amazing and wonderful are now saying I'm a bad person.  Everything I thought I knew about myself and others and my relationships and friendships has been completely shattered.  I don't know or understand how people who truly cared about me could change their opinion in a heartbeat.  I don't understand how people who claimed to love and care about me can be so indifferent to the fact I was in the damn hospital having a nervous breakdown over this.  I'm entirely lost and confused and broken, I don't know what ever was real anymore because I just don't understand how someone can go from "you're amazing" to "you're a bad person" in the span of days.  I have a couple other people still telling me "no, no, you're wonderful, anyone who knows you knows you're the kindest and most selfless person there is with a heart of gold, fuck anyone who says otherwise" but I feel like I'm being pulled in all directions.  I know I shouldn't depend on other people so much to base my worth or my opinion of myself but I'm really a weak person with no self esteem so it's really sometimes the only way I can gauge what kind of person I feel like I am.  If that makes any sense at all.

I feel like I've lost so much.  People who meant so much to me.  Memories that I should be looking back on with fondness make me cry and panic and I get so scared and confused because I just don't understand.  Not just memories with the person in question but memories with ANYONE because it's like my whole sense of trust in people is gone.  I don't know what's real anymore.  I don't understand.  I've tried talking and doing everything I can to make it right and people refuse to listen.  I've been hurt so much by people and I always forgive because I understand that who we are when we're upset doesn't always reflect reality and what we actually think or feel, I know that saying things in the heat of the moment doesn't necessarily mean anything.  Being mean and hurtful in the heat of a fight doesn't always come from a place of calculated malice and mean you don't care.

I forgive and forgive and forgive and I've bore so fucking much lasting damage that my brain finally just snapped and broke and then I fuck up and everything is ruined.  It doesn't seem fair.  It doesn't seem right.  And I know that me forgiving someone doesn't mean they have to forgive me in return but I just...I don't understand.  I don't know how someone can go from saying I'm wonderful to saying I'm a bad person in a span of days.  It doesn't make sense and it has completely fucked with everything I thought I knew about everyone and every relationship I have.  I'm so scared and I feel like I can't trust a single person or anything they say anymore.

All I fucking wanted was friendship and company and I tried so hard and now I don't even know what's real anymore and I'm being told I'm a bad person...I've been crying and crying and crying so fucking hard for days on end, since I got home.  I keep having panic attack after panic attack and freaking out thinking I'm having a heart attack.  I can't handle this, I can't function.  I just want it to stop.  I just want it all to fucking stop.    I'm so fucking tired of feeling alone and worthless and useless and fragile and unlovable and broken.  I can't fucking take it anymore and I just need to make it stop.

I've had fights with people, including very close friends, before and it has never, EVER affected me like this.  I feel like my entire brain and sense of self and everything I thought I knew about every relationship I've ever had has been absolutely shattered and I don't know what to do.  I tried to talk and make it right and I get pushed away.  I just don't know what to do.

I was going to post this under a throwaway because some people know my Reddit account and I'm honestly scared I'm even going to be accused of attention seeking or trying to guilt them or something by posting about it but I can't even be bothered to, I'm so mentally and physically exhausted, my brain feels absolutely broken and I don't have the energy or will to do much of anything.  They already think I'm a bad person, who fucking cares.  I'm terrible.  I'm so sorry.

Update a few hours later:  thanks for the kind words everyone, they mean a lot to me but i really really can't do this right now.  i made everything worse and really ruined everything and i'm nothing but a huge joke to people i love and care about.  i'm weak and I'm stupid and i forget things and words come out wrong and I hurt people and I can never ever forgive myself.  I made an utter fool of myself in front of everyone and said horrible horrible things and I accidentally blabbed about something someone's extremely insecure about because I'm so stupid and forgetful and my brain is so foggy I straight up fucking forgot (not that they'd ever believe me regarding that).  I never once judged anyone and I always cared and loved everyone with all my heart, I'm just too much of a goddamn stupid broken mess to go about anything properly.  I hate myself, I hate my brain for betraying me and confusing me and upsetting me and making me act in ways I don't want to or mean to.  I take full responsibility because it's not an excuse but I hate it I HATE IT, I HATE that I hurt people and I really am a bad person and i'm so so sorry.