Used dealership fired me over an accident that they want me to pay for.
Okay, I am sorry in advance but this is going to be a long story. I figured if anywhere, this would be the best place to post this story. I have been thinking of posting this story since December but never got around to it. And with this story, I am not even including the following situations:

\-Straight up sexual harassment

\-sexism

\-drugs on premises 

\-finding a LOADED GUN in a car while photographing the inside 

So I took this job at a used car dealership as their photography assistant or “Webmaster” as they called it. At first, it sounded like an easy gig, having cars pulled into the booth for me and take some shots and on to the next one right? Wrong. So once I got hired, my boss has informed me that I needed to find, drive and park each of the cars into the booth myself and the only job the main photographer had was to find the cars for me and park them in front of my booth. Which this guy never did. He just goofed off while I did all the work and he got praised for it instead of me. They had never mentioned in the interview or anywhere that they needed me to know how to drive manual/stick shift cars. So when I told him that I didn't know how to drive stick, he told me not to worry and that he would get my co-worker to teach me. Well, that never happened. He just kept putting it off and telling me “oh, you won't actually have to do that. Just call me and i'll come to park it for you”. This was BS. I had to call this guy at least 10 times a day to ask him to move a car for me. And when I did, he made fun of me and complained that I didn't know how to drive stick. I only ever got trained by our mechanics that I became close friends with. And that was only two times that I ever actually drove a stick car. Very badly might I add. Fast forward to one day when I am photographing a Scion FR-S( a very nice sports car for those who don't know what that is). Once I got into the car to start it so that I could turn the tires for a side angle, this car jumps forward and hits the refrigerator that is directly in front of me. Now I had my foot on the brakes and the emergency brakes were on as well so I don't know why it did that.  Luckily no one was hurt but I was very shaken from it. After all of my co-workers came to see if I was okay, they checked it out and moved it to behind the building. The front left bumper was messed up and needed to be replaced, so when I was sat down by my co-worker, not even my boss about the details. I was confused when he said that they would make a contract and have my sign it and have 100-200 dollars deducted from my check each week and all bonuses we got each month as well once the car was fixed and they got the price for all of the damage. I was still shaken up so I just nodded along. After I got home and told my mom of the whole thing, she looked at me furiously and told me that they can't charge me for an accident that happened on the site because that's what insurance is for. I was unaware of this and looked it up and she was right. It is illegal for them to charge their employees for any damage done from an accident on the site. I even went so far as to call a lawyer to make sure this was true. Now, this ends up going quiet for about a month, until one meeting we had. There are meetings every Monday and Friday mornings before we start work, and the owner of the company asks me and my co-worker how many cars I am photographing a day and such. Then he proceeds to say jokingly “ well, maybe you can attend the driving school we have so that you don't crash any more cars.” or something like that. My mind’s a bit fuzzy on what he said so I am sorry for that. I was furious and just gave a fake smile as maybe 2 or 3 people faked laughed at it. I felt so embarrassed about it. Now I make fun of myself a lot and joke with people all the time. But when my boss just says something like that to me, that is not cool. So skipping to the next week. The car finally comes back from the shop and is put in the front lot to be sold already. Now here's the kicker... they never submitted the claims to Carfax so that they can update it and let the customer know that there was damage done to the car at one point. I know that for some cases, they don't have to (correct me if I'm wrong) but I knew that they should have for this case. So that day, my boss wanted to talk to me about how we were moving buildings and stuff like that. Then when he was done, i brought up the accident I told him that I do not believe that I had to pay damage on the car because it was not my fault and that there was no reason why insurance couldn't just pay for it. He then looks at me and proceeds to turn the blame on me that I got into the car and starting it, therefore it's my fault and that said “ wouldn't you feel guilty leaving a place knowing you did damage and didn't pay for it” Wtf?? I said no because it wasn't my fault and that I was never properly trained. He then says he will make up the contract and sent me away to continue working. I just left the room to stop myself from having a panic attack. He then called me back an hour later showing me the paper and demanding I sign it. Now I have the full recording of this conversation because I was on the phone with my mom who recorded the conversation. He then told my mom not to worry about it and that we had everything figured out. And then he again sends me away to go work and “not to worry about it” and so I did. 4 HOURS LATER, he calls me into an office and tells me that I am being fired because “it's just not working out”I just say okay and walk out of there and out of the building as fast as I can. I left after saying goodbye to my co-workers that I am friends with. I am debating on sueing them for wrongfully firing and try to get them to shut down but I'm not sure if I want to take legal action. Let me know in the comments what you think. Thanks for reading. :)