Pressured to sign contract extension (no benefits) instead of promised new contract. Need advice/opinion
Hi,


this is a throwaway account due to the fact that my colleagues are heavily using reddit as well.


First of all: I hope this is the right space for this topic and additionally, I currently work in Sweden (originally, I'm from another country). So nevertheless, I still hope for some advice (probably not legal advice due to different laws and so on).


Short intro: I am working for a start-up as an Android developer and I just turned 27. This is not my first job and when I started, I was offered an one-year-contract. It's been a really rough but successful year not only for the company but also for myself. During a feedback meeting a couple of weeks ago (which was also regarding further steps for a new contract) I was overwhelmed by the positivity. My supervisor said that he asked several people in the start-up and continued that 'everybody is really happy to work with' me and 'feeling really confident about' me, and so on, you get the point. Bunch of positive stuff. Nothing negative. When we talked about further steps he said that he promised to give me 'without a doubt' a permanent contract and a raise. (This was actually already mentioned 2 months before that meeting).


(Fyi, in our start-up everybody knows about the salaries of the others and I figured out that I am the lowest payed employee in the engineering part... the next person above me receives around 20,000 USD/year more than me). Of course I should be happy that I have a job and so on. But actually, I don't really earn a lot. I still live in a shared flat and try to save money wherever I can. I actually live like back in university.


Back to the topic: Days after the feedback meeting, my supervisor informed me that plans have changed, also due to the finance department and HR: 
- contract extension for another year 
- same salary 
- no benefits, no bonus, nada, nothing. (Well, apparently it's easier to fire me I figured out while I was reading the info regarding the contract extension.)


I was actually quite shocked and still am. My supervisor then promised me, after I received the contract extension, that I will receive a permanent contract and a raise in a couple of months. Probably by the end of May.


I had a bunch of sleepless nights during the past couple of weeks. I love working for this start-up, I really like my colleagues (there is not a single one I dislike and I am being completely honest here) and I see potential in our product. But right now I don't know what to think. I actually planned this year to move out of the shared flat and find a nice place with my girlfriend, but this won't be possible under such conditions. Also it is quite hard to find a decent place to live at if you don't have a permanent working contract. (90% of the landlords in this area will always take people with a permanent work contract - makes of course sense).


I gave everything during the last year for this start-up. So much stress, unpayed overtime, unpayed work time during weekends, 'work hard & don't party' and also put my health at risk at one point. I feel disappointed in the start-up and partially in my supervisor, because he promised things that he obviously can't keep. And now I feel unsure about accepting the contract extension and wait for a couple of months until I get the, again promised, permanent contract with the raise.
By the way, my contract ends by the end of February, until then I have time to sign the contract extension.


Does anyone of you had similar experience? And if so, how did you handle it or in general, how would you move forward in such a situation?


Thanks so much in advance.


(I hope nobody gets me wrong here, I am really happy to have a steady income. I just have the feeling that my work is not being appreciated, even though there has only been positive feedback).


TL;DR: Supervisor promised 'awesome' contract several times, just made another promise that I will get that 'awesome' contract in a couple of months, instead I get another contract without a raise for a year, feeling 'utilized', not quite sure how to continue.