Admissions broke me and I want everyone to know they don’t have to break you.
Merry Christmas everyone! I just discovered this subreddit last night and was just absolutely fascinated by the content on this subreddit. I see a tremendous amount of good information, bad information, and misinformation. I just wanted to share with you all what it’s like going to college since I’ve just graduated and what that admissions process looked like for me.

As a senior in high school in 2014-2015, I had a ton of the same aspirations as the rest of the people on this subreddit. I had 4.0 GPA out of 4.0 (5th in my class) and 2120 on my SAT when it was out of 2400 (1460 composite with Math and English). To digress slightly, I just also want to tell everyone you can absolutely improve your SAT/ACT if you work hard enough, my PSAT was an 1080 Math and English composite. I forgot what I got on my two SAT II’s but both were in the 760+ range. All 5’s on my half-dozen AP tests in a variety of subjects. I was a varsity level soccer player, an Eagle Scout, and the President of the Literary Magazine. However, I was also a white, middle-class Long Islander who went to a Catholic high school. I knew that I wouldn’t be getting any extra bumps on my applications but I was certain I would be able to stand out.

I don’t blame my college guidance counselor for setting me up for anything, but she motivated me to apply to a lot of top programs on the East Coast and led me to believe that I can get into any of them, barring maybe one or two universities. 

I had a ton of high hopes. I applied to 18 colleges (something I totally discourage anyone from doing, it really should be 8-12 tops). It required a tremendous amount of effort, it was expensive, and if you’re a good student like I was, it can totally cripple your ability to make a decision come time. I sacrificed every waking moment that I wasn’t in school or doing something else for extracurriculars applying to colleges. 

The process was extremely tedious, frustrating, and aggravating. However, once those January deadlines hit, all I had to do was wait. 

In the meantime, my school had even nominated me for the Jefferson Scholarship at the University of Virginia. I then went through their own tedious application process. Thankfully, I was asked to interview and was then later told I was a finalist for the NYC area and would likely be invited to the final interview/selection process at UVA. I was elated. I truly thought I was going anywhere I wanted and my unstoppable work ethic (which I now realize was unhealthy) had finally payed off. My parents had assured me that I could go anywhere as well, depending on if they were good enough. I had a college fund, but I also have two siblings so it wasn’t substantial.

When everything began to come back, it started off extremely well. On a whim I had applied to Creighton (I love Big East basketball) and was shocked to find a package that included a full-ride offer and a handwritten letter from the Head of Admissions practically begging me to attend. There was also an offer to pay for my flight and accommodations to Omaha considering I hadn’t visited the campus. Everything was going great. Early action admissions came back and all of them included near or total scholarships, as well as acceptance into their honors programs. My life felt like a film about great success and overcoming hardship. I was happy about these admissions results, but none of the really top programs had gotten back to me yet at this point and of course I wasn’t going to attend any of these *peon* schools (if you couldn’t tell, I was becoming arrogant). 

Then February and March arrived. On the same day, I was deferred from UVA and denied from the Jefferson Scholarship, denied from Columbia, and waitlisted at Williams College. I was later denied from Georgetown (a school I legitimately thought was a safety for me, but I later learned they hadn’t accepted a student from my high school in 10+ years) and received no money from Boston College or Notre Dame. Schools I thought would give me more money ended up giving me none or not enough. I was also later denied from UVA and Williams College altogether.

Devastation doesn’t begin to describe what I felt. It’s normal to be upset about these types of things, but it’s not normal to refuse to eat for multiple days and either be crying or on the verge of tears at all waking hours. When I told my college guidance counselor about the results, all she could do was say she was sorry. I think she realized what she might’ve done and apologized to my parents for setting me up with these types of expectations. My parents told me how proud of me they were everyday but it didn’t matter. I genuinely felt worthless and stupid. I wanted to kill myself.

The worst part of this whole experience was that I also began to resent people who I considered my friends. I had a friend who was being *sued* by Columbia because she applied early decision only for her to be accepted into MIT and she pulled out. Multiple people I knew with worse SAT’s, extracurriculars, and GPA were all getting money from and/or into the schools I wanted to attend. Every word of reassurance became white noise. I didn’t know what to do and felt like my life was over. 

It is now the end of April and my parents are begging me to decide on what college to attend. I just start listing off the schools in terms of their rankings.

“Notre Dame”

“It’s too expensive.”

“Boston College”

“It’s too expensive.”

“Fordham”

“Your scholarship isn’t big enough.”

We then get to the schools that I can feasibly attend at their price range.  The thing is I didn’t want to attend any of them; they were beneath me and the work I had accomplished. I was completely obstinate to the reality of the situation. They said “you can basically attend these 4-5 colleges,” but they were really hoping I picked the one that multiple people in my town had attended and reportedly loved. However, I had hated my tour of the place and simply did not want to go there. The school did though offer me a 60% scholarship and entrance into their Honors Program. They even told me that a family friend’s daughter, who had been accepted into UVA, chose to attend this school and loved it. I was really upset and tried to stop myself from crying through the whole process, but I ultimately trusted their judgement. 

I can say with definite certainty that I tried to like the place I attended. I joined clubs, tried to meet people in the dorms, went to sporting events, etc. It just wasn’t working. I was so lonely and sad and angry about everything that I shut down. I still attended class and finished my first semester with a 4.0 having taken 19 credits, but it all felt hollow. I was dead-set on transferring out of there and was certain with my performance in college thus far, anywhere would be accessible. Someone had even told me transferring is the way to get into some of these programs. 

Not only was I rejected from all the top schools I had applied to the previous year, but I was rejected from some schools that had previously offered me scholarships! I was also beginning to hear from my friends who were a year younger than me getting into these programs I had wanted to attend, which hurt me further. With limited options, I realized I would have to graduate from my current college. I would be stuck there for four years. 

I’ve used the word devastation before, but it doesn’t really encapsulate the absolute darkness that encompassed me. I began to think I was an alien (not like a space alien). I felt like I had been lied to and that the world was for other people and not for me. 

At this point in time, I now recognize in hindsight that I was in the process of developing serious undiagnosed depression. I began to sleep for 16 hours a day and felt tired while I was awake. I would only eat when I felt I was about to faint from exhaustion/malnutrition. I kept trying to make friends and make the most out of my experience, but nothing was working. By the end of the year, I had been denied from the two clubs on campus that had the closest thing to a family bond/fraternity vibe to them.

Every day I thought about killing myself (I even took up smoking as a nonviolent way of slowly killing myself). I thought about the girl at Brown down the road who didn’t deserve her spot there while I lived in the closest thing to Hell on earth. I would pray to God every night begging him to tell me where I went wrong. 

I returned for my sophomore year in an even worse condition. I was eating less and sleeping even more. I was sleeping so much I was going to bed at 6PM and having trouble getting up for 8:30AM lectures. I looked awful. I had hair down to my back (I’m a guy), didn’t shower, and smoked half-a-pack of cigarettes a day. I couldn’t even do my work anymore, the one thing I valued myself on through my entire life. It was long process that will make a long story even longer, but this all culminated in me medically withdrawing from school in the Fall of my Junior Year. 

It took 9 months of therapy, medication, and love, but I willed myself back to that campus determined to just basically finish and get out of there.

I don’t know what it was, but a paradigm shift in my perspective occurred. I would like to state that I always thought my professors there were brilliant, I was just unhappy about the prestige of the school and my abysmal social life. But I began to realize that that these people are here because they (1) got offered a job in an extremely competitive field, and (2) because they themselves are extremely qualified. I don’t know why it took me so long, but the “esoteric knowledge” of the books I was reading was not limited to the faculty and resources in the schools I had wanted to attend. This made me feel substantially better about the education I was receiving. I also began to make genuine steps towards making friends. I was able to join one of the clubs I had been denied from in my freshman year. Funny enough, one of their responsibilities was giving tours! I was happy for the first time in a while.

Nevertheless, it was still difficult. My depression robbed me of much of the work ethic I once possessed. It took much more effort to do the same activities I could do with ease as a senior in high school or as a freshman. This means I did not graduate with a 4.0 (3.6, barely cum laude). However, I grew to love my school. It was a long and complex time, and I graduated a semester late, but I’m happy I went there. Apparently, I’m poised to win the top English prize for my senior thesis and am presenting at the Senior Symposium. Just to have the opportunity to thank my school and my professors for their help and guidance would be an incredible opportunity. 

I wrote this down as a way of expressing to others the obscene damage that the expectations you put on yourself can do to you. To be fair, I think I always predisposed to depression considering my fragile emotional state and this might’ve developed later in life but that’s beside the point. The catalyst for this all was my college applications. Hell, it mattered so much to me that when my dad told me that a family friend’s son had gotten into Yale a few days ago, I nearly cried and I’m already out of college. It’s fucking pathetic (but I recognize it’s fucked up and I’m still working on fixing myself).

But I’m not like most people. I was an elitist who wanted to join elitist institutions. I still do to an extent. I’m looking at all these scores on these tests that you guys post about and there’s tinges of envy popping up inside of me. Some of you might even think I was delusional for ever thinking I could go to those top programs in the first place, but hey, I and no one here will ever know why things turned out the way they did. But I also recognize now that for me to have been this upset about college admissions when I knew how things would turn out, I have no idea why I was so upset.

The thing is though, opportunity has found its way into every facet of my life. When God shut doors, he always opened windows whether I knew it or not. I’ve learned so much at college about my majors and myself it’s hard to think I could’ve wanted it any other way. I just want people to know that I know how rough and disappointing it can be. It’s not fair. But it’s also not designed to be fair. Don’t let these things stop you from becoming the person you are meant to be. I should’ve been able to see the overwhelming amount of positivity I received earlier in the process and realized just how much these schools were wrong about me. You will be accomplished anywhere you go. Don’t let *anyone* tell you that you’re not good enough. What some admissions officer thinks about your application is not indicative of who you are as a human being. It is not the total indictment of character and intelligence that I thought it was. 

I know this is so long and I genuinely respect anyone who’s read to the end of this, but if I have only one piece of advice for anyone here, it’s be kind to yourself. I was so profoundly unkind to myself for so long that my brain stopped working correctly. 

This will not define you. This goes both ways. Going to a “lesser” college means nothing of your intelligence. One of the biggest losers I know went to Columbia and he’s still a fucking loser a year after he graduated. It’s what you make of it. 

Enjoy your senior year of high school. Meet people. Have sex. Make mistakes. Drink too much. Discover what you love. Find out who you are. That’s what college is for and nearly any place will give you this opportunity.