35 with no real marketable skills, how to get started?
I made a lot of poor career decisions early in my adult life and have just realized recently that I have no real career path or marketable skills, and I'm really starting to worry that I will die deep in debt with nothing to show for it.  I'm hoping for some suggestions on how I can build some skills and actually start a real career so that I can maybe retire one day.

Back story:
I went to college right out of high school and had to pay my own way.  I worked throughout college just to pay for necessities but still had to take out lots of loans to pay for tuition and books, and I'm at the point where I don't think I will realistically ever be able to pay off that debt.

When I was in school for history, I worked at the college doing general IT stuff (desktop support mostly) which was actually a lot better for getting jobs than my degree.  Since college, I worked at a company running sound for concerts and corporate events, but then got a job working phone tech support for my local ISP.  Did that for a couple of years, then traded up to a job doing support for a Microsoft vendor company only to have my entire team laid off and outsourced to another country after another couple of years there.

I was without a full time job for about a year, but was able to stay afloat running sound in a freelance capacity.  I was eventually able to get another IT job doing the same kinds of general stuff that I was doing while I was in college over 10 years ago, but they keep me part time so that they don't have to pay me any benefits (it's a state job).

I have pretty much divided my professional time between running sound (if you can actually find work in my area doing that, it pays minimum wage, and people don't even want to pay you that) and doing very general IT stuff that doesn't require a lot of specific knowledge.  I'm now 35 and not sure where to go from here... I have nothing saved for retirement, and my credit card bills are adding up.  I keep applying for jobs but rarely get an interview, and out of those I never get a job offer.  I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed but I'm not an idiot either.  I can learn almost anything I set my mind to, but most people my age have a specific skillset that they have honed by now that will get them good paying jobs, and I'm still basically doing entry level work.

I'm too broke and already have too many student loans to go back to school for another degree.  I know this is a really open ended and broad question, but does anyone have any suggestions for me?