"99% of people regretted it!"
Please, I planned that overdose for so damn long. Even got myself an alibi! Enough to kill at least three people, but a family friend stopped by because they needed to use the bathroom on their way home and found me. Legit, when I was passing out, I have never been so happy, so relieved, that everything was finally going to be over. The first time I attempted, I was fourteen and I was so happy when I passed out and thought it was over. Every time, even.

Can you imagine how angry and disappointed I was this time when I woke up tied by the wrists and ankles to the hospital bed so I "wasn't a danger to myself?" For nearly three days I was kept strapped down and injected over and over and otherwise ignored because I was "hysterical" and "dangerous" and "agitated" and all those words to describe someone who just REALLY REALLY REALLY wanted to die. Three weeks later in the psychiatric ward, most of it seclusion and some of it again restrained to the bed because I refused medication. It's easier to pacify someone who isn't given the right to function, I suppose. Now I'm back out on suicide watch.

I don't understand how someone can put people through shit like that "for their own good." Well, I guess it worked in a fucked up way. Now I want to die more than I've ever wanted to, but I'm so fucking terrified it's going to go wrong and I'll be locked up & left to rot tied to the bed again because I've been in the hospital so many times that they just don't know what to do with me. Why is it so hard to understand that death might just be the answer? I have NOT reached out for help, I've only tried to die on my own terms, and I get treated like a violent criminal. Do you know how terrifying it is to be incarcerated in a "hospital" against your will and being denied freedom and having an army of rough guys hold you down so they can force meds into you?

Why the fuck do people do this to other people? It's so much worse than dying, and now they've even taken away the last freedom I thought I had. I really don't want to live, but I'm too scared to try to die. I can't go through that again. Maybe 99&#37; of people regretted it, but for ten long years I've never once regretted it. They don't believe me, though. They just lock me up and throw me back out when they've given up or when I'm "stable." I'm not a person to them, I'm just cattle that comes in, gets processed and punished if I resist, and thrown back out. Nobody gives a fuck about me, and nobody does anything if I complain because every record tells how "hysterical" and "dangerous" and "agitated" and "suicidal" I am. No rights, no problems.

How is this okay? How is this the world I live in? How can I possibly want to live? Why am I put through all this just for trying to die?