Graduated college but having trouble finding a good job. Should I join the military?
I'm a 26 year old woman in Florida, I graduated with my Bachelor's of Science in Psychology exactly 1 year ago now. Before I went to University I worked for several years in cell phone sales and did alright but always wanted more for myself than to become a retail manager. I genuinely wanted to become a psychologist or a therapist but I underestimated how much school actually would cost me both financially and energetically--by the time I graduated last year, I was fully burnt out on the student life and 30k in federal student loan debt. I was eager to find a good job and start working and making money, and although I attended some job fairs at my University, I really did not see much that I really wanted to do or was qualified to do.

 Part of the reason I chose Psychology (instead of something more marketable like Health/Nursing or Technology) is because I have very, very weak math skills, but my reading/language skills are through the roof. I literally practically failed the math portions on the SAT/ACT but was in the top national percentile of the reading/writing/language portions of the tests, which is how I managed to even make it into college at all.

Since I've been graduated I have avoided going back to typical retail jobs or jobs at the mall and tried to focus on more professional roles. I tried a call center job briefly during college (awful). I served as a substitute teacher for several months before I realized I don't actually want to be a teacher (the public education system is fucked right now, seriously) and it would ultimately cost me a couple thousand to get certified as a real teacher and recieve the pay and benefits (I have no money and no credit options, and no interest in taking out more loans). 

I decided to get certified to work in insurance so I studied for about a month, got a 4-40 license, and worked for a few State Farm agents. I can't even explain how ridiculous my experience with SF agents has been, the most weird employment where the businesses are failing or only a few years old yet the agents are only in the office a couple hours out of the day or don't come to work at all, yet are upset wondering why they are at the bottom in sales in the area. Weird office politics where there's one older person basically running the office for the agent and one spanish person to handle the spanish customers but otherwise extremely high turnover in the office. One office I worked for, the agent told me she had 30 employees come and go in the last two years, but had no idea why (because she was literally only in the office one day a week). A different agent convinced me to decline a job offer with a different company so I could be the only sales person in his office (more money for me and less competition) and then fired me two weeks later (over text message) after paying me half of what we agreed on and having no reason or explanation for what I did wrong besides "you're just not a good fit". I even asked for constructive criticism and he refused to give any. Very confusing, infuriating and weird! 

At this point I'm just very frustrated, broke and losing hope in my job search. I always played with the idea in my mind of joining the military  to get some experience, structure, travel, benefits, etc. But if I'm being honest, I'm a hippie and I don't bleed red, white and blue like I know you probably should if you're going to serve. Still, the idea of going on an adventure and getting in better shape, meeting loads of new people, gaining new skills and hopefully making it through the four years with a GI Bill and some benefits at the end, seems like a much better deal than sitting on my computer everyday shooting off emails and applications for $10 - 12 an hour jobs, having no health insurance, and just feeling like a loser. I live with my boyfriend and my lack of stable income is killing our relationship with stress, seems like we'll probably break up soon. My mother died last year and no one else in my family really seems to care at all about me. If I die, I'm pretty sure only my grandfather would be hurt, but he is very old now and will probably pass away soon. I don't feel I have as much to lose as I have to gain.

 Should I do it or is it a bad idea?

Tl;dr: Graduated college a year ago, a good job with a good company has been difficult. My family is pretty estranged from me and my relationship is on the verge of breaking up anyway. Should I go join the military?