the state of the world
These past few months, I've felt myself becoming angrier and sadder every day by the state of the world. There's always a new police shooting. There's always another attack on women's rights. There are people out there who hates me and wants me dead soley for the reason that I am a lesbian. There are so many fights to be fought, and all of them seem to be lost. I don't even live in Hong Kong, or the US, or anywhere else that's currently having people fight for their rights. I am very lucky, but still I feel exhausted, and I can only imagine what it's like to live in the middle of it all.

It's just really draining. I've always wanted to believe that a majority of people *are* good, or at least they want to be. But every day I see news stories of women who were killed for turning down a romantic advance, or read about power-hungry individuals ristricting human rights, or people being shot for daring to be black. I feel so much empathy and pain and anger and fear and it's just exhausting. 

I know I'm privileged. I live somewhere safe, where the law protects me and we rank top in equality. My real life is only impacted by the ocassional sexual harassment and casually homophobic comments, and the things I witness online I can always turn off (which I have, my phone is locked away in a safe until Saturday. I deleted my private Instagram. Besides Reddit for these past 30 minutes, I haven't been on social media). 

However, I feel I owe it to the world to not turn a blind eye. But I damn it, I am so tired. I have been active online my entire life, and I consider myself to be politically active and extremely aware of a lot of the injustices in the world. And I do genuinely care, as superficial as that may sound. My heart hurts and I have this anger that runs deeper than anything I've ever experienced, both on behalf of myself and others. 

I just needed to get this off my chest. I'm probably not the only one feeling defeated lately. I hope I feel a bit better soon, because I don't want to sit idly by for long. Still, I need a break after years of this constant stream of negativity and bad news.

Thanks for listening.