Poor kids have it worse. In response to middle class complaints on this sub.
It's a pretty common notion here that middle class kids get fucked over the worst with financial aid - because rich kids can afford to pay in full, and poor kids qualify for lots of aid. And I'm not going to refute that middle class people do get fucked over quite often. Middle class kids often don't qualify for the aid that they would benefit from, and that's not a good thing.

The notion that middle class kids have it *worse* than poor kids is incredibly insensitive and wrong, though.

Someone made a comment on one of the recent front page "the middle class gets the shortest end of the stick :(" posts with something to the effect of "the poor will always have it worse" and I want to echo that sentiment and make sure some of y'all get a little clarity on what being poor is actually like.

So sure, poor kids get a lot of financial aid. Might get all of their tuition, all of their room and board paid for. That doesn't account for all the other expenses, though. That doesn't account for food, for all of the living supplies like toiletries, cleaning supplies, new sheets because nobody owns a Twin XL at home. And while everyone has these expenses, they're a lot bigger of a burden on poor people, and y'all better not have the audacity to try and refute that. Simply living on a day to day basis can be a challenging expense for some folks.

I'll use the disclaimer that I'm poor, so yeah, I'm going to be more sensitive to my fellow poor kids. I got over 3/4 of my tuition and housing paid for with need-based aid. But that's only the beginning of the expenses. I feel guilty buying the things that I need to live in college. Even buying things from the thrift store and the dollar store - I still feel horrible for the burden it is on my parents. Because that's what it's like. Buying sheets is a burden. Buying a hamper for my laundry. Paying for laundry. Paying for books. We already skimp on breakfast sometimes if we haven't gotten paid yet and don't have the spare fucking 2 dollars for a dozen eggs. I'm worried for how they'll fare this year after I've left, with monthly tuition bills on top of every other expense.

Being poor isn't some great circumstance that middle class kids should somehow envy. It fucking sucks. And while I understand that it's frustrating not to receive financial aid, I promise you that you are NOT getting the shortest end of the stick. It's really disheartening and disgusting to see people on here acting like being middle class is the worst thing that happened to them, and that somehow, they've got it worse off than poor people. **Being poor isn't worth all the financial aid in the world.**

Sorry if this comes off as mean, but I'm at my wits' end and I'm absolutely disgusted with the misunderstanding of poorness on this sub. Not everybody here acts like it, but I have seen far too many posts here complaining about how middle class kids have it the worst for college, and far too many of them are making it to the front page. I understand your frustration. But not one of you would want to live a day in a poor kid's shoes. It's insensitive to erase those struggles and act as though your lack of financial aid is a bigger problem than things like, I don't know, poverty.

Inb4 "struggle is not a competition" I know it isn't. But there are people on this sub acting like it is and that they've got it the worst, when there are so many other struggles in this community.