I don't confront my problems, I feel like crap all the time and I lost my mother a week ago... (Long post)
Hello. I am a 21 year old male who's in a weird situation at the moment. I spend a lot of time in front of the computer, I drink too much coffee and I don't get enough sleep. I also spend too much time by myself. I think I'm addicted to the internet and isolation.  

I've been doing this since I was fourteen, but I had a big breakthrough two years ago. I decided to become a better person and I did something about it. I started to work-out, eat healthier, take risks and be more social. The "golden era" ended last summer. I don't know how, but I gave up all of a sudden and went back to my old habits. 

I know that I'm being an irresponsible, lazy brat who's not doing anything productive, and I know that I should do something about it, but it feels like my motivation and sense of responsibility have disappeared. It's as if my common sense and my decision-making hate each other. It doesn't help to know that I should get out of my comfort zone and take small steps toward progress every day. I've tried that and it usually ends with that I give up after two or three days.

I also lost my mother a week ago (which sucks a lot by the way!!!). She had been struggling with cancer for nine years, and she got really sick in November. The doctors told us that she only had two months left in December. Me and my family spent as much time as we could with her. I feel that I didn't do enough to show how much I appreciated her, even though I helped her a lot, talked with her and was told that I did a good job. I was tired most of the time (due to my habits) and I didn't get to say all the things I wanted to say because of that. 

My shitty computer-coffee-staying-up-late-addiction/habit ruined my last months with my mother, and it sucks to know that I did that towards her. I *think* she appreciated the help she got from me and my family, and my emotional state *might* affect my perception of reality, but still: How could I be that selfish and useless?! 

My mind has been a beehive for the past couple of months, and I'm worried that I'm about to get a mental disorder or something. I've been to a therapist several times, but she thinks I'm fine. Baaaaaaah... Sorry about the long rant. 

Anyways; I would appreciate any advice on how to become less lazy, self-absorbed and self-destructive, and how to cope with the death of a loved one.