Don't know if my academic career path is common, but I think this is how academia should be.
Hi there,

I've noticed lately that when I speak to my peers in other labs/universities they think my career path is highly unusual, and are also highly surprised at what I've accomplished so far.

&#x200B;

In 1st year of undergrad: I met two quantum physics professors. 

I wrote to the first asking to do research and was accepted to the lab despite just graduating from high school. This prof privately tutored me in quantum mechanics so I could do the research, and I learned a lot of practical scientific knowledge from this(totally different from classroom science).

The second quantum physics professor told me about how academia works. After that I always knew what admin and professors wanted/expected from me and how to manipulate the system to my advantage.

&#x200B;

In 3rd year of undergrad: I met a mechanical engineering professor in a class.

I impressed him in a lecture and after I graduated he offered me a paid research position in his lab. The salary was decent (30% more than the best PhD stipends), so I took the job to "try out" academia before committing to it. I saw this prof 5 hours every week where he'd quiz me on what I was doing, suggest improvements, and most importantly teach me about how to write good journal papers and get them accepted (responding to reviewers too).  I did full-time paid research for 2.5 years, and published 2 first author papers and 2 second author papers in journals during that time. These papers I wrote on my PhD gradschool applications.

My boss moved to Vanderbilt University in the US, and offered me a PhD position with a normal stipend (not as much as I made before), but let me focus on filing patents and running a company should I choose to do my PhD with him. I did also get interviewed at a top school for a PhD position(Electrical Engineering), and am waiting for their reply.

&#x200B;

Anyway, most people think it is highly unusual that I had 3 professors in undergrad mentoring my scientific career. I don't understand how the next generation of researchers are supposed to be trained without good mentoring. Or how professors even survive if they don't train their students well (do they even survive?). 

This makes me think we have a "succession" issue in academia. The system thinks that PhD students will be PhD students forever, postdocs will postdocs forever, and professors will never grow old or retire. In other industries like say, professional soccer(or football for yall in the UK), they know youth team players become pro players, who become coaches, then football administrators or the coveted manager job. So at every stage they are preparing people for the very next step, and asking people ahead of them to mentor the people just behind them to make the transitions more efficient. Academia on the other hand, has no such forward thinking (maybe because academia isn't profit oriented). 

Since I'm basically a postdoc in any lab I'll be accepted to(even as a PhD student), I do try to have some sort of "progression plan" in place for anyone below me at any level (undergrad or new PhD students). I hope if more labs do this then people would feel less precarious or lost in their academic careers.