My mother is going through a hard time, I don't know how to help or what to do
Some backstory: I'm 24 years old, I have a successful full time job.  I have had a girlfriend of 5 years and recently bought a house together.  Everything considered, my plate is pretty full, from a time and financial and stress aspect.

My mother was an excellent stay-at-home mom growing up, but her life has pretty much been shit since day one.  I'm no psychologist, but she is pretty emotionally scared and neurotic from the abuse she suffered growing up.  She met my dad (my dad is a great guy) and had me and decided to stay at home to raise me. They stayed together in a loveless relationship until I was ready to leave for college. She divorced my dad for a highschool sweatheart that dumped her to the curb a year later.  

Now that that's all out of the way:

She is terribly depressed all the time, she has trouble finding or keeping work at all.  She double majored in theology and english, so no prospects there.  Since she was a stay-at-home mom for so long, she is hugely out of touch with a professional career, and recently her job history can be described as spotty at best.  Shes been on unemployment for a while till that ran out, then she went to get her Masters in law (paralegal? idk) to do something.  Shes barely living off her financial aid and shes about to graduate into a field I fear is highly saturated already.  Shes 56 years old.

She is incredibly unhappy and usually calls me to cry on my shoulder since no one else is around to hear it.  I've been having her work for me to "earn" money so I feel like I'm not just giving it to her.  Thats about to run out though.

She often asks me to if it would be okay to just commit suicide, since her kids are the only things she has left to live for.  I obviously (not to mention its fucking difficult to hear regardless) say no. I cannot condone that.

Neither of us have the money to get her to a therapist or doctor.  I cant find her a job.  I can barely help her with her financials (food, rent) until she finds a job.  After that I have no clue whats goign to happen.  I'm really afraid she will either kill herself or end up homeless.

She is stuck in a bad rut and I feel like I cant offer much.  It's impossible to have a healthy relationship like this.