No is awesome!
Long-ish post :)

I matched a guy and we texted a little. He preferred talking on the phone, and I don't. But then, I agreed only because I was low on battery and knew this call won't last long (win!). Later that night, we spoke till the morning. Giggling and connecting like we had been best friends for years. We decided to meet the same day, and it was great. We spoke constantly for the next few days. He formally asked me out again, and told me he'd really like to take me out on another date. He used the word "date" which is a dying word nowadays. I was excited and when we went to the beach at night. We walked and talked, and there came a moment when I asked him about his family. He spoke about it openly, but shut down right after. When he was dropping me home, he warned he may shut down because of that conversation, and I said it's okay. Take your time & call me whenever. He flirted with me, held hands through the date. I walked away feeling a deeper connection with him at this point, BUT hr called the next day, and literally went from hi to "I'm sorry I'm not ready for a relationship. I really like you and am attracted to you, so would you like to be friends with benefits or we could just be friends too". After taking in what he said, I said a firm "No. I'm not looking for fwbs" and hung up. I was confused for a while, so I called him again the next day, and you could tell he's being awkward now. I didn't care now. I had called to tell him, I didn't even want to be friends with him.  He was shocked about this, even sounded a little hurt. He tried convincing me otherwise, but I wished him luck and hung up.

The whole thing was very confusing, but the feeling to throw away something before it rots made me feel so good and powerful. It was like cleaning up your room, and creating space after having thrown all things unnecessary. It's sad how much time we spend hanging onto people in hope and expectations. Not having done that for once, liberated me. Made me feel more confident, in charge and actually more hopeful that I could find the right guy.