Is my dad abusive or am I over reacting?
So I'm a f14 living with my dad and brother.

About a year ago my mother split leaving me and my brother with my dad and she moved in with her friend. So at first it was sort of ok just really a shock and I think I may have been in a bit of denial. before my mother left she worked in some mines and was never really here (gone two weeks back 1) two of her days were spent driving and 2 were spent sleeping because its a physically tolling job. When she was home and awake she would spend all day sitting in her chair eating and spending al her time on her phone. She would often criticize how messy our house was and would argue with me constantly. I was dealing with a lot of secret mental health issues and didn't really socialise very well but she certainly didn't even try. This was how it was for a good few years. Then my mother had a cancer scare and sort of went through a midlife crisis. I knew things weren't going well in my parents marriage for quite a while and my mum has some really bad depression. My mum had a really bad time at work because people are bitches so he decided to do something nice for her ( flowers on the bed sort of stuff... it was also her birthday.) So she comes home and tells us shed thought about committing suicide and she needs extra help to get better. I was really worried and sort of took it easy on my hormonal teenage bullshit then the next day I got home from school to find my dad already home and distressed so I ran home and found nothing but a note saying 'sorry I ant anymore' on the table from my mum. I honestly thought shed committed suicide but I found shed taken clothes and calmed down. now things got worse between us, for the first few months she didn't even bother to call or anything and neither did any of her family (my dads side did). when she finally did it was because shed gotten a new boyfriend she wanted us to meet (they started dating 3 weeks after it all happened) I said no, hell no. Then another month past and she hadn't called bcuz my dad and her were sorting out bills and shit. IT was sort of ok for a while, shed take us out shopping or to swim and it was all fun but then she started criticizing my clothing and friends. she actually told me I scrape at the bottom of the barrel for friends bcuz im a loser (in nicer words) and I snapped and told her my friends were scraping for me and that I am a loser with a fucked up family. Then shed managed to clear out all her shit from our house and taken a lot of ours. now this whole time my dads been trying to push me to have a relationship with her and trying to 'stay neutral' while also bad mouthing her. Things got worse and worse until the point I was really depressed and suicidal thinking about or trying to commit suicide. She'd take things that belonged to me for her boyfriends kid without really asking me but I was too anxious to really put up a fight. I eventually found out she was telling people our house was disguisting and that my dad was mentally abusive to her. My dad started drinking again (he was a bit of an alcoholc when I was younger and e isn't particularly nice0 eventhough he had screwed his liver or kidney bcuz of It. He got really mean bcuz of it and started screaming at me and my brother all the time, even throwing a chair at the door and shattering it bcuz I started arguing with my brother. He threatened to hit my brother and me all the time saying we shouldn't start shit until were big enough to fight him, he never actually hit us. Hed thrown me out of the hous for a couple minutes but after each fight hed come back and say he hates fighting with us and that hes sorry but it all felt kind of manipulative. at this point id basically stopped talking to my mum all out but she offered to get an apartment so I could go live with her wich I said no but we started talking again and then we stopped again an dtsarted again and stopped again. anytime I said no to an activity or we got in an argument she wuldnt talk to me for a fww weeks as a sort of punishment. Then Christmas came around and she hadn't talked to me in months and we got into it again bcuz she didnnt talk to me for so long and I asked her how my dad wa so abusive and why she would leave us with him if he was really so bad and she refused to tell me bcuz I was too young but im almost 15. I told her not to talk to me and she hasn't tried to talk with me but now im kind of regretting it. I feel like my dad might be the one manipulating me bcuz ive said things about her that ive heard my dad say and I am rally confused. I want to talk to her but I don't want my dad to find out. What should I do and am I being manipulated? I need to know if telling her to not speak with me was a good idea and should I speak with her again? I'm thinking about taking her up on the apartment offer.

sorry for the long read.

&#x200B;

TLDR; my parents got a divorce and I told my mum not to speak with me because she was manipulating me but I'm starting to think my dad is the real manipulator.