40 years old and I keep changing my mind about what I want to do. What do you do in that case?
My problem is not how but what:  what do I want to be?  I'm now 40 years old and I don't have a career in any single field.  I have multiple degrees in film and media.  I love stories and I love making people laugh.  I've worked in the film industry (couldn't stand it because my personality doesn't fit the ego and status driven culture), a small business in trading (I liked the autonomy but had no passion for selling merchandise), teaching (love working with children and I'm great at it but it gets exhausting), government (struggled with the bureaucracy but enjoyed the easy pace), animation production (being a small cog in a giant system made me depressed).  

I'm smart and hard-working so I generally succeed in whatever I do.  But I find that I always get tired of a job after a year or two and move on to something different.  I recently quit my animation job and thought that I wanted to pursue stand-up comedy professionally.  I do have a knack for it: performing, writing and comedy.  But after a few months of performing as an amateur, I now think this is something I'd like to pursue as a hobby and not an occupation.  

I recently took a Jackson Vocational Interest Survey and my top 3 interests are 1. social science, 2. professional advising and 3. performing arts.  

I'm now thinking that I'd like to work for a non-profit that helps youths.  I've always found it fulfilling to help youths to develop themselves and achieve their goals (mainly because this is what I wish I had when I was younger.) I'm hoping that if I pursue this line of work for income and pursue stand-up as a hobby that I'll be fulfilled spiritually, financially and creatively.  But I'm scared that even this I'll get tired of after a year or two and end up where I am now.

Are there other people like me?  Is my problem that I just haven't found a line of work that works for me - the assumption being that there is a "right fit" for everyone?  Or are there personalities that just gets bored easily and needs change every few years?  If so, what is the best way to deal with this type of problem?

Any advice would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you.