Retail Workers: Rewarding Work, just a Side job, or a complete nightmare?
**To those who currently work in or have worked retail... what did you think about the job?**  
I am twenty years old and have worked exclusively in retail. My first job was Subway where I quickly moved into a Closing Leadership position. I was paid $8.50/hr.   


My second job I worked at for three years was at a Super Target, starting out as a cashier. I eventually cross-trained into different areas and eventually got permanently moved into Grocery with a 50 cent raise. I left the job a few weeks ago being paid $12.50/hr and started at just $10/hr. I was undergoing some career development but my leadership always fell flat on their promises. I was essentially a team captain for the department and I wasn't entirely favored over another guy who just leads with a bit of a better iron fist. I'm one of those guys who loves "servant leadership" and keeping morale and motivation extremely high. Essentially, I was the nice leader, and the other guy was the "GET THIS SHIT DONE" sort of leader who just barked orders and no one really liked. He was the same age as me.  


My third job now is working at a Costco that is being built and opening June 29th. I'm getting paid $15/hr to do this and my position is a Bakery Wrapper with possibilities to max out my pay at $24/hr in SIX years. I'm entirely hopeful I will experience career development here. I love the company so far, the benefits, and the employees I've met. The store is currently under construction but I've done my orientation, membership sales training, and working close to 40 hour weeks spinning a sign. Once the store opens, my hours will drop to a more part-time basis with the opportunity to get more hours so hoping I can get close to that forty hour week again.  


Anyways, what I am here to ask you is if you have found your retail experience rewarding, either spiritually, or physically(not even going to ask about mentally because we all know the answer..) or if you've found it rather dull, chaotic, hard, or just a total nightmare.  


I've always liked retail for what it is; the human interaction, the team, my co-workers, the customers(the nice ones), and the physical part of it where I am not stuck in a desk all day. I found it very spiritually rewarding but my first two jobs the pay was NOT cutting it.   


There were days where every single customer would look the other way if I said hi, or I got yelled at by a customer for something completely out of my control. Some days, a team member would piss me off or my leadership would say "Hey, we're documenting your call in the other day." after not calling in for months due to puking. Funny story, my team leader got sick with the stomach flu two days later and missed an entire weekend. I missed only a Tuesday and came back not puking, but still feeling ill. Things like that would happen that would make me question my employment.   


All in all, retail definitely has it's perks if you are not cashiering. I despised cashiering mostly because it hurt to stand in one spot all day. You'd think it'd be the other way around moving and lifting all day. I'm excited to be making a career out of it and I'm thinking I may attend college in the next year... I have no degree or real professional experience and in six years I could be making $52,000 a year in retail being a worker.  


On the side, I am an entrepreneur and run multiple side businesses that don't pay my bills but they help. That is my only real-world experience. I do have a semi-successful car detailing business that could pull in beaucoup money but in Minnesota, detailing cars outside only works when it's not below 40 degrees and snowing, so I usually need to close up shop every winter since I don't have a physical location and I ride out to client location.   


*How's your retail experience been?*