I think I am in a odd job to be pay to do very little just to fulfill the funding requirements, and I am confused.
Can you guys shed me some light on my current status? I think I am in a role that my existence was just to be used by the company to attract more funding, to be the very technical backup, and I feel very confused.

I have a special license rare here. It was hard to me to find a job in the same field in the city but so is the company. So we come together and I am hired. It was not big money but at least I am above city’s average pay and I am happy at least now. There are some very technical stuff I did for a couple of months and some statistical analyses. After that, I was laid there with no task, so I am idle for a few months already.

It is a start-up and it is winning funds from angel funds or series A funding whatever. I suspect that my existence was solely to fulfill funding requirements and for some very technical backups.

Of course, I asked them if there is anything I can help, but there is very little to do. So literally I was sat there surfing the internet or learning my stuff for 8 hours a day.

Earlier, they even hinted that my position would likely never required to go overtime, while as I observed OT in this company is fairly common. My mentors, which were not strictly my supervisor, hinted that if I had nothing to do, I can go learn coding. Or ask for some really labourous task like manual packing the products for them, which I do not like. One even openly said that I can decide to not show up, as long as the tasks are done, I am good. BUT NO TASK FOR A MONTH ALREADY!

I even slipped away for a driving test and went to the government to renew my license. I would not say they are noticing, but definitely nothing is happening even if they noticed.

So should I stay longer?

The twist point is, I used to have depression and suicidal thoughts for long time and I am on progress to cure. I do not really have much marketable skills. So somewhat I have to pretend working in the office along the company’s founder starting from Friday, which might be something hard to do I am not sure… I used to have my own little office in a remote warehouse where one people might come in every week. I was alone, and I was good. But I won't be alone anymore.

Learning in the office might be a good idea, but I am not sure if my room-sharing founder gonna like it..

Any advise?