I’m so fucking sick of the “let’s see what happens” culture in modern dating. This is just an excuse to avoid trying. Do you disagree?
I don’t know what happened to my generation, but somewhere along the line, I feel we lost touch with reality. Maybe it was online dating where you can shop for the ‘perfect’ partner or get instant gratification with a quick hook up. Maybe it was the rising divorce rates that make us feel love rarely ever even succeeds so what chance do we have anyway? Maybe it’s the ‘perfect life’ effect caused by social media. We see all of our friend’s successes, but none of their struggles so when we ourselves struggle it makes us feel isolated like we must be weak or shitty humans to not have achieved X, Y, or Z. Maybe it was Disney showing us that the relationships we’ve been waiting for will just sweep us off our feet effortlessly and without any intervention from us…it will just be fate.

I understand why you’d want to just see where it goes – it takes all of the pressure and responsibility off you. I mean, if you don’t try, you won’t be disappointed if it fails. If you don’t care in the first place, you won’t be hurt when it ends. If you don’t make yourself vulnerable and try to establish a real connection with someone, you can’t be taken advantage of or get rejected. Besides, when the ‘perfect person’ eventually does come along, it will feel so breezy and effortless you’ll know you’ve found them, right?

**FUCKING. WRONG.**

This is how you end up alone. It boggles my brain how people think that success just falls into your lap. Do you think that a strong marriage and happy family is going to ‘just happen’? I get that timing-wise things happen when they happen – but if you don’t create an environment that fosters the chance at that opportunity, it’s not just going to appear. Do you think if plant seeds in May but never water them that you’ll be eating fresh produce all summer and fall long? No! You might get a nubby cucumber here and there but you won’t be enjoying a bounty (this analogy means two things :P ).

I teach programming and I see this with students all the time. Some come into the class because they have to take it for their major but they are intimidated by its reputation for difficulty and they lack confidence; essentially, they expect to fail. So what do most of them do? Well, you’d think they would come to see me during office hours or get help from our tutoring center. They might read the textbook and take notes or watch YouTube videos for extra perspectives on the concepts…nope. Nope, nope, nope. They expect to fail so they barely try…and then they fail.

Just like my students, the same outcome will occur with dating. I feel my generation has given up hope and given up trying; this just further perpetuates the issue and reinforces our already harmful beliefs.

You get things in your life by taking ownership of your goal, pursuing it, and working hard to make it happen. I don’t just hand out A’s in my class and happy, healthy, strong relationships don’t just happen – to achieve either of those things, it takes work. Every day, you have to go out there and water your garden. If you don’t, how do you ever expect to have a harvest?

*Sigh*. Okay, I'm done. Thanks for listening.