HELPPPP
Ok, so I used to go out with someone I would call D.H  for the sake for privacy (not that it matters).  We "loved" each other.  And I quote that because I really loved him but the things that he do never showed it. There was so many other things that was a red flag to leave him but I never listened. For example, this is the worse he's done to me,  it might not sound like much but it really hit close to home.  When I would be hanging with my friends after school, he would never tag along even after we ALL begged and begged he LITERALLY said he'd rather play games 😒. So I left him. It was sad but it had to he done.  What's the point of being together if he won't even take time out of his day to talk to me? After that,  I found someone new. I'll call him F. D. When we started dating, the very next day D.H went up to me and told me not to date F.D and to be with him instead.  I WAS SHOOK. And at that time,  I still had feelings for D. H because the reason we broke up in the first place was because he didn't act like we really loved me when I knew for a fact that I did.  So,  I broke up with F.D and went with D.H to give him another chance. He was a better person but I started to hang out with F.D again and.... cheated.  I didn't mean to but since I'm still a virgin,  all we did was makeout. So now I'm in this situation where I like both of them.  After a while,  D.H started acting the same as last time (acting like he didn't like me) and I started to hear rumors that he was gay.  It's probably not true but people are still talking about it to this day.  Personally,  I think he's bisexual because of "things I saw him do"with other guys 🤣and plus he dated a lot of girls.  When my friend said something about his ex, he got really mad and it bothered me that he still cares about her. I can't tell who broke up with who this time because I was talking to my friend and I told her to ask him if we should brake up because I'm a pussy🤣.  He said yea so it was official.  We were broken up now.  Fast forward 1 year later I'm talking to him again but as friends and it's gonna stay that way.  You know that one ex you will never loose feelings for?  Yea he's one of mine.  And I can tell he still likes me too.  I sometime catch him staring at me but I ignore and try not to make eye contact and he smile A LOT when he's around me( I know it sounds creepy 🤣) . Now, F.D is back in my life and he's asking to get back with me but my friends think I'm over him but to tell the truth,  I'm not over him either.  I'm a WHOLE mess 🤣🤣🤣😢.  So they keep telling him to stop asking me out but I'm sitting there next to them hella happy and wishing I had the guts to tell my friends that I do like him and want to go back out with him.  My situation is so bad.  Any advise?  🤔🤔(Sorry it was so long)