I don't want sex anymore.
I'm going to preface this by saying that I suffer from major depression.   I've tried therapy, but it didn't seem to work very well for me.  I'm very seriously considering medication because shit's getting very hairy for me. 


I don't want sex anymore.  It's not that I don't masturbate, because I do.  It's not that I don't have sexual thoughts or fantasies, because I also do that.  I just don't want someone to touch me.  I don't want to kiss.  I don't want to have to take my clothes off.  I want to be alone.   I don't feel pretty or attractive or sexual at all anymore.  Even if I do try, I don't get aroused.  My mind's always somewhere else. When I do masturbate, I have to have some kind of noisy distraction like porn or something so I don't let my thoughts wander and start crying from an overwhelming feeling of inadequacy while trying to fuck myself.  Isn't that pathetic? 

I feel guilty about it.  All the time.  I'm very conscious about how it's hurting my girlfriend, to the point where I asked her for an open relationship so she wouldn't be dependent on me for sex.  She feels rejected and inadequate that I avoid sexual situations and never initiate because I can't bring myself to do it.  I used to have a really high sex drive.  Like, all the time.  Not once did I have a partner, male or female, who could keep up with me.  I felt guilty and weird and like I was imposing my stupid needs and my stupid genitals on them.  

I guess the turning point was, after weeks of him barely touching me, after weeks of having to cajole him into any kind of physical intimacy, my then-boyfriend cheated on me.  With a girl that I would not consider my equal, intellectually or in terms of attractiveness.  Of course, he lied about it and I later found out through a friend.  The funny thing was that he had spent so much time before that trying to convince me that he really loved me and that he was just depressed and that I shouldn't worry because I was the best. He only wanted me.  I was *special.* It shouldn't really affect me anymore.  It was a while ago and he's a cunt with his own problems anyhow.  It was his fault completely.  He admitted that, and I even I have to concede that I rationally know it.

 I haven't felt right since.   I feel like I don't matter.  Like it's stupid of me to try.  I just want to shrink back into myself and stay there.