From a Blind Girl To You Lovely Guys Who Can See
Aloha ;) I'm a completely blind 19-year-old girl and I usually date blind or partially sighted guys but I'm a New Yorker and that's way too limiting. So far, I've been on seven first dates with sighted guys and most of them were in the last six weeks. So while everything is still fresh, I'm here to vent, apologize  and gush.
1. I'm not going to feel your face. I have a lot of ways to sneakily tell what you look like and I've only done that to boyfriends and really close friends because it seems pretty damn intimate.

2. Telling me about that beautiful or visually interesting thing you saw isn't insensitive. I actually find it sweet when someone is willing to go out of their way to share what makes them think or makes them happy.

3. It's really fucking adorable when I'm temporarily doing something that requires both hands and a guy offers to hold my cane or fold it for me. Yes, I can just hold it with an arm or shove it in my bag like I always do, and I'm too independent to ask, but this made me swoon.

4. If I like your voice and you're sweet/smart and can make me laugh )bonus points for original blind jokes and sarcasm(, I probably like you. So don't freak out if I ask for a picture or your Instagram so me and the girls can gossip, we all have different types and they don't decide who I date, unless you're an asshole to them or something.

5. If you're purposely walking through alleyways and joking about being a serial killer, don't be surprised when I don't trust you to guide me for the rest of the date.

6. First dates make me nervous, especially if I know it's someone's first meaningful interaction with a blind person. So if I seem like I've never swiped a metro card before or accidentally slap my silverware off the table, I promise I'm not usually like that and I'll be half as clumsy by the second date.

7. Don't read my phone screen, it's fucking RUDE and that's the reason I usually keep my screen curtain on.

8. I don't want to hear about how you like blindfolding girls during sex and you're happy you won't have to do that with me on a first date in the middle of a crowded restaurant.

9. I'm professing my love to the guy who already knows sign language to make life easier for deaf people and wants to learn Braille because different writing systems interest him. Of course, this isn't a requirement but reading and writing are big parts of my life and it's awesome if you're interested in something so important.

Andnd finally, if I'm flirting and getting slightly touchy during our date, I'd probably love a hug at the end. I know I've given a few half-assed ones but that's usually because I'm trying to get on the train or I feel bad about the cabdriver sitting there awkwardly.