My first date in years was a disaster
I recently took a break from working 80-90 hrs a week and just focused more on my health and life. I met this girl on Hinge, and while I wasn't super attracted to her, I also haven't gone on a date in many years. Thus, I said "what the hell" and went on a date with her. That was a big mistake. 

From the moment we sat down, she starts talking politics. Oh no. She tells me she's a major Trumper supporter, which isn't an absolute deal breaker, but when I asked her why she supported him, she said "I like what he's doing with the minorities." Now, mind you, I'm ASIAN, so I'm just cringing super hard and chuckling awkwardly to prevent a full on verbal assault. 

Then she starts talking to me about the penises that she's seen. She tells me that Asian guys have pretty small penises and that she hopes my "pecker" isn't too small. Now, I don't think I'm a small guy, but it definitely made me feel very insecure and a bit curious as to what the hell is wrong with her. I quickly changed the topic to pets to avoid another awkward conversation. 

Finally, as we're leaving the restaurant, she tells me about how guys who participate in gangbangs/threesomes are all gay because they like the sight of other men's cocks. This was not a topic that I was well versed in, so I made another effort to change the conversation. She then tells me out of nowhere that she doesn't like gay guys, and that's why she'll never participate in a threesome with two guys. At that point, I just wanted to get away from her, so I nodded and smiled at everything she said.

As we're getting in our separate cars to leave, she starts smoking a cigarette and then kisses me on the mouth. It wasn't great. She notices my grimace and laughs and says "my daughter doesn't like me kissing her either when I'm smoking". This was a real shocker considering we are both somewhat young, and her profile had no sign of any kids. I quickly said goodbye to her and drove home to take a stiff drink. Now I see why people say dating can be so exhausting. Weeding through the list of incompatible people is herculean, and the ones who find their soulmates quickly are truly blessed.

Edit: some context on why she acted that way: to be fair, she was going through a lot in life. She just broke up with her boyfriend of many years who refused to pay rent on the house they leased together. They broke up because he wanted to join a swingers club and she did not. Anyways, she had a plethora of money problems, and she had a lot of “first date anxiety” which I suppose could explain all the weird conversation topics.