My mom is worse than a bill collector.
Let me preface this by saying that for the past year or so I have been slowly, slowly working my way out of a mountain of debt.  I work in fast food while I am finishing up school, and money is unbelievably tight.  I'm not on any public assistance, and my paychecks only average about $430 every two weeks.

About a month ago, my mom was listening to me complain about how I couldn't afford to renew my license plates and I didn't know where I was going to get the money to do it.  My mom makes great money (If I remember correctly, 65K last year, and she has been working full time this year) She offered to loan me $200, which I was extremely grateful for.  However, ever since then, she will not quit hounding me about it.  Every time I have spoken to her on the phone it has ended in me bawling my eyes out, or her hanging up on me.  

She keeps saying "Well I need that money, lolacherokee! I am so broke, your siblings need school supplies, etc." This just pisses me the fuck off because just last week I went out with her while she shopped for new beds and mattresses for my brother and sister.  She told the salesman that her budget was 5K, and she was going to write a check.  She didn't end up finding anything she liked, so we left.  Just a few days ago she took one of my sisters to the mall, and she called me saying she had "only" spent $300 dollars.  

My mom grew up poor.  She knows how hard it is to make ends meet.  But she worked hard, was a frugal person, saved, and now she has something to show for it.  I can appreciate that.  However, I don't think she realizes that $200 she can make in five and a half hours takes me twenty three hours to earn.  

The icing on the cake today was when I told her I was hungry, she said "well if you can afford to buy groceries, you can afford to pay me back."  Actually mom, I have only been eating my free meals at work the past four days because I only had money for either me to eat or my cats, so I bought cat food.

Anyway, thats what is bothering me reddit.  Thanks for listening.