My mom doesn’t want me to go into the field of work I’ve been dreaming of doing for years.
I’m a senior in high school (17f) and my dream job is being and embalmer/ funeral director. I know it’s off-putting and kind of dark but I have a really deep respect for it and it’s the only job I can see myself liking. My mom wants me to go to college, I do too I guess, but more importantly I want to go to mortuary school. I want so badly to go to mortuary school. The high school I go to right now has an internship program and I had one all set up to work with a funeral home! I was going to be allowed to see the bodies and help with simple embalming tasks, I was so excited I couldn’t believe it. My mom came very close to signing the permission slip but decided against it for a few reasons. Embalming fluids (such as formaldehyde) can cause brain cancer after a long exposure, and drug using can be a bit of an issue in the mortuary community due to the numbness the job can make you feel, or not feel. She said she doesn’t want me doing the internship and she said if I want to go to mortuary school it would be disrespectful to her wishes, which I understand, but she knows how much I want to do this and how long I’ve wanted to do this. She also said she wouldn’t help with the cost and if I decided to go, I wouldn’t be allowed to live with her. For a little background, my dad died of brain cancer. Which is one if the reasons this is hitting so hard for her. I don’t know what to do. I really want this internship and I really really want to go to mortuary school. Anyway this was kind of all over the place but I’m just looking for advice, I don’t know exactly how to navigate this situation. I understand her concern and where it’s coming from and I know that I’m not an exception and that I would be at risk too. I’ve never wanted anything more than this, this is my whole future and I don’t want to be stuck with loads of student debt for a degree I don’t care about. Any advice is welcome, thanks for reading all of that if you got this far.