Long Distance (Should I buy the ticket?)
Please hit me with brutal honesty.

I recently spent 5 months in Chile and developed a 4 month long casual relationship with a university student there (I’m also a university student). When I left we discussed her coming to the US to visit me and my family. She’s been very excited about it, and has no doubts we should do it. She cried for hours after I left.

After getting back, I’ve been doubting in more and more. She’d be with my family and I for about 10 days. I also recently went on a date with another girl which ended in some making out and well... hand stuff. I’m not sure I’m as invested in it as she is and I’m not sure I want to drop $600 to have her come here. She also doesn’t speak any English and my family doesn’t speak any Spanish.

Please ask more questions if you have them and want to know more about the situation.

Update:

I told her not to come. She cried over FaceTime again, and I told her it wasn't fair if I wasn't as invested, she deserved more than I could give her right now. She said I thought about the future too much, but I was really just thinking about my present self. Then, she started talking about all the things she had to do in order to start arranging for this trip that I didn't even know about. She canceled a trip with her friends and started to doing an immense ton of work for the passport. I had no idea, and I didn't even appreciate it. I'm a selfish guy and I need to start turning it around. I hope by having this conversation with me, and pointing out the things that she's doing for me and the lack of things I have done for her, that she realizes that this is the right decision because she deserves more than I am giving her and that I'm not invested. I hope this saves a lot of pain and that I don't regret it because she is an amazing girl whereas I have not always done right by her. 

I also talked to my family too about this, so y'all weren't my only confidantes. I appreciate the perspectives and personal stories.