Did you eventually realize a lot of people don’t know what their doing when it comes to a career?
I’ve been kicking myself a lot lately. I left my first post college job after a year and a half, and if I’d only known then what I known now, I never would have left.

A lot of things happened last year and I was constantly comparing myself to my peers I graduated with. Everyone else seemed to find their dream job and things were moving along. Since the job I had wasn’t my “dream” job I was constantly looking for ways to get out of it.

The job I quit to go to was a very bad choice but at that time I thought I needed to do something different. I’m not joking when I say that job was terrible and I quit after a week. I got lucky that another company offered me a role the same week and I started shortly after. I’ve been at my newest job for about 4 months and I’ve still been regretting my decision. This job isn’t as bad as the last but it has its issues (poor management, lack of training, lack of benefits). Instead of having an actual role or career path, I’m just an office admin.

I wish I would have just went back to my old job after I quit my last after a week. I tried job searching again but I wasn’t liking any of the jobs in my area. I briefly considered becoming a teacher and took steps to get a teaching certificate but I realized I would not be a good fit dealing with kids all day. I went on multiple interviews and for jobs I thought I had a good chance with I was passed along with no interview offer. I was tried of the rejection and answering bs interview questions and bureaucracy, I missed my old company.

I sucked up my pride at the beginning of this month and asked my old boss from my first company if I could come back to work. She offered me my old job back and I am
going through the rehire process now. 

I felt embarrassed and besides from my immediate family knows I’m changing jobs  again and going back to my first company.

It was yesterday when I was scrolling through Facebook that I saw two separate people I graduated with posting about starting new jobs that were a complete 180 than what they started out doing. 

The first one was a girl who’d been with the same company almost 3 years if you count her internship experience. She’s now quit and working as a full time substitute teacher. The other was a guy who moved out of state after graduation and seemed to be a successful sales rep who moved back home. Initially he was going through the process to become a teacher but has now accepted a job as a vet tech at an animal hospital. 

It finally made me realize that a lot of people also have trouble deciding on a career, and especially in your early 20s you’ll make a lot of big decisions, regret some, benefit from others, etc. I’m feeling a little less ashamed at starting back at the same company but I know it’s whats best for me at the moment.