I feel like my parents are disgusted by me...
For the past couple of years I feel like I’m a nuisance to my parents...

They say they really love me and don’t want anything to happen to me one day, but the next they just treat me like I’m being a bother. I’m scared to make a mistake around them because if I do they’ll snap and start yelling at me. I remember the last time I made a huge mistake they told me to get out of their house and live on the streets... They said that I’m nothing without their support... I’m scared to talk to them, to ask them for anything... I feel like I’m just being so selfish. It’s not like they’ve ever hit me or anything, and I’m lucky to not be in that kind of situation, but I still don’t know if I can handle being treated like a monster... I know, it’s selfish and I’m being ungrateful but I just wanted to let this out... 

They always see me on my computer ( usually doing productive things like art, homework,etc. but they don’t know that...) and begin yelling at me for it and saying I’m a lazy, spoiled brat. they’re not wrong I suppose... but I still get hurt by their words... I know I shouldn’t, and I should just stay quiet and be doing things like study and homework, but I’ve already finished those things... so when I go onto my computer after finishing, they just yell at me and say I’m addicted... they say I’m gonna to get brain damage and I’m gonna end up stupid.

My older sister... She gets along so well with them... They love her so much and I’m so glad that they do! I really am! I love my sister as well, and she’s the most amazing person I know. I don’t want to tell her how I feel about how they treat me, she’s already so stressed from high school and I can’t push her to do more...  My parents always yell at me for small things like dropping small bits of food and such. And I completely understand this (I should never waste food) but sometimes I can’t take their constant yelling... and I end up crying. I try to cover my tears, but when they see me cry they just get madder and say that I’m so manipulative for trying to make others feel bad... they’re probably right, I don’t even want to let them know how I feel, because if I do they’ll say I’m being ungrateful and spoiled.

Even if I did tel, them, it wouldn’t matter to them I suppose... I once broke into tears and began crying when they said I was retarded and that I’m horrible. ( I was fairly young at the time, about 9 I suppose ) At the time I was young and immature and I thought it was okay to cry... I locked myself into a closet and started crying loudly... when they came up, they told me to be quiet. I cracked a little, and began pouring out all my thoughts... I told them I was a disappointment, a failure, other depressing things I really don’t want to talk about... What they told me next was something I’ll never forget, 
“Why are you like this? Only god can help you, you sick freak...”
I guess this was when I learned to not cry or show my feelings in front of them... I suppose they were right though... I’m a freak... I’m ungrateful, spoiled, and insane... I feel so bad... why did they have to end up with me? Why did they end up with a freak? I just... don’t know how much more I’ll be able to take... I feel like I’m going to break someday... I’m scared! I’m scared of the day when I finally can’t take it and break apart... 

I just needed some place to let it out I guess... If I made you feel sad or bad, I really sorry... please forgive me... Don’t think about my story any longer!