I'm trapped until I'm 26.
Greetings...

I'm a 20 year old American still living with my parents and working as a cashier at a dollar store. No matter my grades in school, this is what it's come too. Unfortunately this is as far as I can really go right now.

Let me summarize my life, this might take a while.

I live in a crowded house still with my parents. Since as long as I can remember we've always lived with at least one of my step-siblings and their children. This is possible because my stepfather is a dozen years older than my mom. Currently it's my parents, my oldest sister and her three kids, and my younger brothers and I. Since we all have crap jobs we're struggling. I give half of my $8 an hour cashier wage to savings, and the other to bills. The food pantry really helps us out.

Even though I'm twenty, I can't drive. This makes me the go-to babysitter so I can't leave the house to practice driving anyway. The few occasions where I get to use my permit my mom gets so nervous that she decides to drive or has someone else drive. I'm isolated, and lonely, so the internet is my only escape. I don't even want to date because of my situation.

Debt is hurting a few of my siblings, and that scared me away from college for a year. Now that I want to go, I can't because I'm still on my parents taxes and my mom is scared of filling out the tax information for my FASFA. I don't know how, but the questions make her feel stupid and she literally yells at the screen when I try to get her help. My dad is usually busy with work because of how our schedules work, or whatever other excuse they can come up with.

I think I've become too useful and my parents secretly won't let me leave. I tried to point it out to them and they pulled every guilt card they could get away with. They won't let me leave, and most of my other family is across the country so I have nowhere to go.

Given that I can't drive, and don't have any education other than a diploma, I'm nearly unhireable, unemployable. I can't get a job that pays living wages to get me out of here.

I'm trapped as a permanent babysitter until I'm twenty six when I don't need my parents to file a fasfa and get scholarships. I can only get crap jobs that I can walk too in case my parents think I'm becoming too independent. I can't leave, I'm trapped here, with no friends, feeling depressed, and have no escape.

And that, my dearest hominids is what's bothering me. I'm all ears if you have any advice on escaping my parents, getting a real job, and getting around without a car. I think I might take my savings one day, pack up, and leave before they can stop me, but I just barely got a couple hundred in my savings though.