I work for a startup that is going to fail, but enjoy it. When should I get out?
This is the first time I've worked at a startup. Assume I'm young and can take financial and temporal risks.

I've worked for a well-funded startup company (30-40 people) for about a year. We work on an incredibly ambitious, technically challenging hardware problem. When I interviewed, it was apparent that there were major, major unsolved problems (part of the reason I was brought in), and while they obviously did not reveal the full magnitude of the problems at the time (partially because they didn't know), I thought I was making a ~50/50 bet on joining a company with a viable concept.

After a lot of hard work and the discovery of problems we couldn't have known (we're really pushing the limits of physics in some respects, and it pushed back... if only we could change the speed of light a bit!), it is apparent that my bet was "correct", but I landed on the wrong side of it. I'm comfortable with my choice, but I'm not sure what to think now. We have runway for another ~13 months, and it's possible we'll get more money to keep trying. I just think the probability of success in an investor-friendly timeframe has dropped to maybe 1%- we'd need a miracle. However, I love my co workers, the work itself is still interesting, and I'm paid only marginally less than what I would get at large companies.

I'm interested in knowing how the death of a startup like this might play out- I have no experience with this, and I can't exactly ask my co-workers without bumming them the hell out. Right now, the leadership is doing a good job keeping morale reasonably high, and no one is completely panicking. A fair number don't really realize that we're kinda screwed. I could imagine, though, that things could change in a hurry rather quickly. I do think that in the event we failed, both our leaders and potentially board/investors would assist in helping employees get other jobs. I have in my head a calm wind-down, where people recognize the end coming and everyone tries to help out everyone else... but there aren't THAT many related positions in our area. Any advice?