Extremely inappropriate interviewer
Sorry if this post comes off like word vomit but I need to get this off my chest because I haven’t told anyone about it yet. I had my Dartmouth interview a couple days ago with a man who was probably 50 years older than me and he was being really inappropriate the entire time. We met in a Starbucks. He complimented me multiple times on my outfit, jewelry, hair, and was very insistent on telling me about the social scene at Dartmouth. I would try to ask about academics or atmosphere and he would steer the conversation back to what the dating scene was like there. He told me to “stay safe at frat parties because God knows what those boys would do to a girl like you.” He asked me if I was part Asian and when I said yes he said his girlfriend during his junior year was Asian. During the interview, he would put his hand on my knee/thigh and keep it there for a minute. He was also constantly staring at my chest. When it was finally over he said he wanted to walk me back to my car and I said that’s okay I need to use the bathroom and he said he would wait for me. I didn’t want him to say I was rude on his review of me so I just washed my hands and let him walk me to my car with his hand on my lower back the whole time. 

The entire time I just felt like he was too close to me, he was practically breathing down my neck at one point. He wouldn’t stop touching me even though I would shrink away from it, and he wouldn’t answer any of my questions. After I saw him drive away I just sat in my car and cried for a while. I don’t know if I can explicitly say it was harassment because I never told him to stop touching me or to stop looking at my breasts but I still feel so disgusting knowing he was looking at me like I’m just a slab of meat. 

He knows my name, email, and my phone number and probably lots of other information about me. At multiple times throughout the interview he said he was good friends with lots of people in the admissions office so I’m scared he’s gonna say something bad about me if I report it. I also just want it to be over, I don’t ever want to have to see him or talk about him again. I have no proof that he was harassing me. I feel like if I report it they’re gonna ask for proof which I don’t have, or they’re going to ask me what I was wearing, or just ignore me. I don’t know what to do and I’m getting really upset again thinking about it. Have any other girls had a similar experience? Boys, too?

Edit: I’ve sent an email with help from u/ScholarGrade and others. Thank you all for the encouraging me to say something and if this happens to you you should as well. Sometimes it’s hard to remember your principles when you’re caught in an uncomfortable situation, but there is nothing wrong with asking someone to stop touching you. Again, thank you all