Aced a phone interview and I CAN’T STOP SMILING. PHONE ANXIETY SUCKS
Three years ago you would’ve never seen me pick up a phone. And in the rare moments I did, I’d either pass the phone to my family, or I’d be a stuttering mess and end the phone call hating everything about the call. I’d blank out on the simplest questions, or overthink every second of silence. It would be a never ending cycle of me flinching whenever my phone rang. 

And then I got to a point where I got tired of it. I was entering university and I couldn’t even make a phone call for myself without my anxiety getting the best of me. 

So then I asked my friends and family to help. I took it step by step, and just called them for a few seconds. They’d be there to help me calm myself down enough to be able to think. And then once I started gaining just a little bit of confidence, I pushed myself to make calls to other people. Sure I had to write scripts for every call, and anticipate replies so I could keep writing scripts accordingly, but nonetheless it got me out there. I started making calls. From booking doctors appointments to just calling to ask about food at a restaurant, I did it, and the pride I felt every time after the call was unexplainable. I still had those thoughts though, of the things I could’ve said better, the ways I could’ve changed my tone. But ultimately I reminded myself after each phone call about what I conquered. 

I just hung up a phone call today, from a scheduled phone interview. I didn’t write a script for it. Instead, I just did everything I would do for a usual job interview, preparing and researching as best I could. And then I just answered the phone call and had a conversation. At points my voice was shaky, but I know I have yet to grow. I ended up getting another interview - in person! Which, to me, is so much easier than the phone, so I’m hopeful it goes well. 

I understand how immobilizing phone anxiety can be, but I swear to you with practice and the right support it really can get better. If anyone ever needs, I’m here to offer calling practice lol, just because it has helped me so much. 

We can do this!!