I lied to my therapist, I’m just done, and at this point I don’t think I can be talked out of it, you can’t save people that don’t want to be saved. I just want someone to know.
I don’t think anyone will read this, but if you do, thanks. Throwaway account for privacy. 

I know people will think I’m posting this because I still have some shred of hope or some part of me wants to live, but that’s not it, like I said, I don’t think anyone can talk me out of it now, I just want someone to know, everyone on this sub is completely disconnected from me personally, and that makes me feel better. 
I’m young, 17, and I understand there’s so many years that I could have, I just don’t want them. I’ve contemplated suicide a few times over the years, I’m sure everyone has, but it was always a fleeting thought, now it’s constant. 
I just lost a parent, I’m in so much pain, not just mental, mostly physical actually. I live with health conditions that leave me in pain every second of every day, no matter what I do. The odd thing is, I’m not depressed, I deal with crippling anxiety, but not so much depression. 
I’ve been in therapy for a couple years now, she’s an amazing therapist, I genuinely couldn’t ask for anything more, she has tried very hard. The only time I’ve ever admitted wanting to die is last week, I regretted saying it immediately, she asked a couple questions, I answered honestly but told her I didn’t want to say anything else as I was scared she would tell my mother and I would be committed. She said she didn’t have to break confidentiality unless she suspected I was a danger to myself, doing things like stockpiling, planning etc. 
so obviously I didn’t admit that I had been doing those things, because I don’t want to be stopped. 
I honestly don’t understand why we try so hard to save people that don’t want to be saved. If someone wants to die, and they are so determined that they will do whatever it takes to make it happen, let them do it. At least they’d be able to go out with some shred of dignity. I’ve set a date to do it multiple times, and then backed out at the last minute, but tonight’s the night, I’m done backing out. I was scared this morning, and then counted how much I had stockpiled and was suddenly so relieved and for the first time in a while, felt excited. I can’t wait to go to sleep and not have to wake up resentful that I’m waking up. 
I feel bad that my family will have to find me, but not bad enough that I’m not going to do it. 
I don’t really want to die, but I don’t want to live in this pain either. I’ve weighed the pros and cons, and dying just outweighs living for me. 
Thank you for reading, I hope everyone else on here can find peace with whatever decision they make.