My example. How I went from poor to not poor
I am sorry that this post has a lot about me. This is not meant to be a humble brag. Instead, I hope that at least one person can get some value from this. My background is just meant to give context.

I grew up dirt poor. My father was highly intelligent but was a “ the grass is greener on the other side” guy. He switched jobs a lot. He had one year in college before dropping out. My mother did not graduate high school. 

I grew up in a run down house in rural California (yes, there is a rural California). The town I grew up near was the drug gateway into Los Angeles. It had one Sheriff. In the 70s and 80s the Hells Angels warehoused their drugs there. In the late 80s 90s they were pushed out by cartels. 

I grew up in a two bedroom hovel. We only had a tub that had fallen through the rotted floor of the one bathroom. We often went without electricity and water. We rarely had trash service. I grew up taking the trash out to the backyard and throwing it into a pile. A pile that became taller than I was. Rodents and cats would tear open the bags and spread the trash around. It was common to find piles of maggots infesting the garbage stack. 

My mother had a mental illness and suffered from severe depression. She had to have a tumor removed that was the size of a basketball. After that surgery she was bed ridden because of her undiagnosed depression.

This all seemed normal to me, because, I did not know any different. I didn’t know that most people did not have ceiling collapsing inside their homes. I did not know that when it rained not everyone had to grab buckets to collect the rain water that came through the leaky ceiling.

I was pretty self sufficient from a young age. I did my own laundry, and scrounged for my meals. I got myself ready for school. In many ways I raised myself. Like many poor kids I lived on hot dogs and bologna. Most meals consisted of toast with gravy on it. 

College was never talked about in our house. College was for rich kids. School was not even that important. It was just a place that I could get a .20 cent lunch. I was always in trouble for fighting. I took out my frustrations on other people. I had the most detentions and suspensions of all my peers. This happened even through high school. I was threatened with expulsion many times. All of the staff and resource officers knew me.

My senior year of high school I had a 1.8 GPA. I was also missing a few core classes. The school made me take night classes at the adult education campus. I ended up graduating with a 2.0 exactly.

I spent two years after high school working low paying jobs. I was homeless and stayed at wherever someone would let me. I slept on a lot of couches and floors. I got into drugs. I frequented crappy strip clubs. 

After 9/11 I joined the military. I had dyed blonde hair, nipple piercings, and was covering myself in tattoos. I was a freak.

When I took the Asvab I scored two points away from max. This surprised me. It was the first time I had really done something even slightly impressive. I went in as an Aircraft electrician. During AIT I had the highest grades of all of the classes during that training cycle. I was the Distinguished Honor graduate.

While in the military I took a few community college classes. I carried a pretty high gpa and made the Dean’s List every semester. 

After the military I went to work and college at the same time. I had a wonderful wife and young kids. I worked during the day and went to school at night. It took me another two years to earn an Associates. It took me seven years to get a Bachelors. It took me another three years to earn a Masters. 

Meanwhile I worked as a mechanic. I became a Master Mechanic. I have never made over a $100,00 in a W2 job. In fact I probably made around $30,000 to $40,000 most years.

While going to school my wife and I financed two new fancy vehicles. We ran up $25,000 in credit cards, I took out $30,000 in student loans that was not always spent on school. My wife had to work nights. I had to take online courses. We were digging ourselves a hole.

One day I was switching stations on the radio. I came across Dave Ramsey and listened to him. His advice seemed stupid-simple. I told my wife about Dave and we both jumped in with the goal of being debt free.

We took both of our cars down to Carmax and sold them. Luckily we broke even between the two. We literally ate rice and beans and threw every penny at debt. It took us two years to become debt free. I drove a really old teal Mazda 323. My wife drove an old Mazda Mpv mini van that was this horrible shade of purplish-blue.

Once we were debt free everything became easier. I put a lot of money into my 401k. My wife became a stay at home mom. I kept earning better degrees and found myself making a whopping $72,000 per year. 

We ended up moving and rented out our old house. We bought another house for a crazy low interest rate. Our rental property was cash flow positive.

I started a side business while working for an employer. It is a service based local business. I started it with a partner. I cashed out my 401k of $78,000. My partner was supposed to do the work while I performed the administrative functions and financed the business. My employer ended up firing me for having a side business. His reason was “if you had told me I would have wanted to be a part of it”.

My partner was a liar. 

A year after starting the business I found that my partner had squandered tens of thousands of dollars. He ended up getting a lawyer and threatening to sue me. Meanwhile the business was crashing and burning. I settled with my partner for an amount that I could not really afford.

Everything I had was at risk. At this point I had borrowed over a $100,000 for the business. I could not sleep during the weekends. I remember thinking that my two choices were to go crazy or fix this. I couldn’t go crazy because I still had young kids.

So, I showed up two hours early everyday and stayed late every night. I focused on ‘I need to do one thing everyday to make the business better’. Meanwhile I had a handful of customers threatening to sue me over my previous partners actions. I was getting demand letters every month. 

I just kept moving forward. Trying to do one thing better. Putting out fires as needed. 

Three years later I bought out another small business. Today, we have multiple locations. I am involved as a partner with a handful of new businesses. I directly manage a handful of businesses. I own rental properties. My net-worth is skyrocketing. 

My business debt is paid off except the debt I have against assets. 

I am 41 years old and I consider myself retired. I have managers that manage aspects of my business. I sit in my office and mentor my high-potential, high-value management staff.

So, how did I go from a 2.0 to this? More importantly how can you go from where you are to your own version of success?

Education: people get paid for what they do. People get paid more for what they know. People that continually learn and apply that learning no matter what age they are get paid the most. People that take what they learn and apply it independently of an employer create their own job security. 

Control: control what you can control. Don’t pay much attention to what you cannot control. I could not control my partner’s actions. The sooner I metabolized that fact and moved forward the better it was for me. 

Options: most people’s version of success is based around options. You may think that I should substitute being debt-free for options. The fact is that being debt free just increases your options. What I have learned in my life is that options are the only thing that separates the impoverished from those that are not. If I need to move I can move. If I need to close a business, I can close a business. If I need cash, I can come up with cash. If a business deal comes my way I can pull resources to become part of that deal.

I tell my young daughters that everything they do in life, every choice they make, should be based around which one gives them the most options. With options comes power over the unexpected. Life is not about money....it is about options. However, money usually goes hand in hand with options. 

I love my poor people out there. I just want you to know that you can not only do what I did, but, you can do it better. Educate yourself, control what you can, give yourself options.