I know this may seem silly, but I just went to IHOP! I have not left my house since July 17th! I just wanted to share this small victory with you guys!
I have panic disorder and agoraphobia. It got increasingly worse this past year, and July 17 I went on medical leave from my job. Aside from 5 Doctors/psychologists visits, I have not left my house once to go anywhere else. When I went to the doctors, I was driven, and I pulled my hoodie over my eyes. Two weeks ago, I started not even being able to go down to check the mail. 

Friday my psychologist told me it was time to go out. She said I was causing myself to get worse by being scared of the outside world. I get anxiety just from having delivery people come to my door. Just the thought of going for a drive seemed like an impossibility.

Today I woke up anxious. Even after I took my medication, I was on pins and needles. I was dreading every second that went by, knowing I was closer to our(my fiance and mines) 3pm departure time. We chose that time specifically so the restaurant would be nearly empty. At 3 o'clock I started stalling and coming up with reasons why I couldn't go. At 3:45 he pushed me out the door and all but dragged me to the car.

The ride there was scary but I forced myself to just listen to his voice and not hide my eyes. I felt nauseous. When we pulled into the parking lot and He pulled me from the car, he hugged me and told me this will be fun and I am safe and he will protect me. We got inside the thankfully almost empty diner. Our waiter was so nice. He put me at ease a lot. I just chose something without really reading the menu because I just wanted to get the hell out of there. My fiance held my hand and just made small talk, making me start to laugh. I was able to relax a bit and even ate my sandwich! I was anxious, but I didn't feel like I was going to pass out or cry. We left and made it home with almost no problems!

I am very anxious now that I am home(wtf self) but I am so glad I went! It was not nearly as bad as I thought it would be! I wanted to share this victory with you guys. This subreddit lets me know that I'm not alone. You people mean a lot to me <3