I beg of you; PLEASE apply to safeties (The Gut Feeling: My College Decisions Experience)
Like I said, please apply for safeties, and I mean colleges that you LIKE and are 100% certain that you are going to get into. I've had friends who only applied to matches and reaches for either undergrad or grad/med school because they were confident, but ended up getting rejected everywhere. Safeties can normally save you in the worst case scenario, so apply to safeties.

Getting my main point across, here's my experience with college decisions this year.

I'm a senior who initially decided to apply for Computer Science at UCs, Cal Poly SLO, USC, Harvey Mudd, and Brown. Around November of last year was when I had to choose which UCs I would apply to. I saw Davis, Irvine, and Santa Barbara as match schools, and I was confident that I would get into one of these schools. Maybe my GPA was a bit low, but my other stats could balance my application out. I selected the top 6 UCs and saw adding the "lower-tiered" ones as unnecessary because of how much money the applications costed, as well as the idea of prestige.

However, as I was finishing up my UC application on the final week of November, I felt an ominous gut feeling that told me to add UC Riverside and UC Santa Cruz to my list. I felt as though if I didn't include them, something terrible would happen. I didn't have a reason of why, but I didn't want to risk ignoring my gut feeling. Going back to my UC application, I added both of them as safeties and then submitted my application.

If I had ignore my instinct then, I wouldn't be in college right now.

Turns out that my safeties were my targets, and my targets were my reaches. I got accepted to both Riverside and Santa Cruz for Computer Science first, which made me feel relieved. However, after that was constant rejection from every other school. Got rejected from every other college I applied to, with a single waitlist from UC San Diego.

It hurts getting punched in the gut with 9 rejections in a row, and there are so many people on San Diego's waitlist that it's nearly impossible to get off. However, without my initial acceptances, I would be hurting much more inside, having to accept that I wouldn't be able to start on a campus my 1st year.

I'm glad that I'm lucky enough to get accepted in a college and get that gut feeling that changed my future for the next four years. I'm lucky that I'm going to a school where I love the environment and can focus on CS, a topic that I actually care about. For the next 4 years, I'm proud to say that I'll be attending UC Santa Cruz with plans to major in Computer Science.

Rising seniors and future years, regardless of how confident you are, how high your grades are, or what you have done, apply to safeties that you would enjoy going to, and make sure that your targets aren't actually reaches. College admissions is an incredibly random and competitive process. Sure, there are people who manage to get into college while applying to no safeties or even only reaches. However, don't risk trying that like what I nearly did. Add more safeties. Good luck, and do your best! 😃

-A Rising College Freshman

TL;DR: I trusted a gut feeling that determined whether I got into college or not. Thank god.

EDIT: Since people are asking for stats, here they are:
UW: 3.62/4, UC GPA: 3.89, SAT: 1500. Decent ECs and some awards for CS and Music but not that much leadership.