My boss is giving my $8000 commission to another employee - How would you handle this?
My boss gave my commission to another employee

I’ll try to summarize this, but I work in a high commission recruiting firm - placements typically earn you anywhere from $3,000-$12,000 Net commission - with that obviously comes a relatively low base salary. ($31,200 for the year)

I don’t want to do anything dumb because I’m new to my career and just graduated last May from college - but I quit my previous position at a 50k base to come here because the long term commission structure was so much higher.

Brief edit - the other recruiter works remote, there was no way to tell this candidate was spoken to because he didn’t follow policy.

 Me and a fellow co worker had spoken to a candidate however he had spoken to him a few hours prior and put him in for the position - however the employee did not follow any of the company policies. 

For anyone who has recruited you understand that the tracking system for candidates is huge to protect people’s work, I had actually qualified the candidate, gotten his updated resume, verified him, and added him to the system with him in my name and added notes. While the other worker briefly spoke to him, submitted him with an incorrect resume and was off the phone in 2 minutes. our company policy strictly states this means that it would go into my name because I had him in the database. because the other recruiter ignored all of this and the candidate had both of us submit him to the job (candidates can be sneaky like that sometimes)

Long story short the guy got the job and I’m looking at a $8500 commission minimum - but the owner is saying he might give it to the other employee because they’re friends and he’s been there for a while. The lead recruiter (my direct boss) is telling me how it’s not fair and if I wasn’t new then it would of at least been split 50-50. 

These placements take months to make, and I took a massive pay decrease to come to this company for this reason of high commission trades - but all my work is being stolen essentially in this instance, and I’m about to move closer to work in the next month or two so I don’t want to commit to a company if this is something which is going to constantly happen. 

Just want to hear your opinion on this because it’s going to bother me long terms and I genuinely cannot live off this base salary and dealing with student loans / rent at the same time when I can get a job with a 25-35% higher base salary in two weeks. My boss constantly is impressed with how hard I work and had fired 5 of the 11 recruiters in the office during the corona situation but kept me even though I was the newest - he texts me often to show his appreciation for my work and how it’ll all pay off soon - but then he goes and does this, it’s just hard to think past that.