How to market myself 42/F
I have 19 years of professional experience.  I've been looking for a job since February of this year. 

My last professional job was in network engineering but that was just an aspect of what I did - the bulk of the job was data driven resource allocation management.   I worked big projects (as a lead) and what I did encompassed a lot of areas - project management, data analysis, computer programming/scripting, working with databases, and doing data visualization - all of which centered around the management of network resources.   The actual job I did was very niche, and doesn't really exist outside of large internet companies.    I don't want to return to telecom because it was a very tough environment to work in as a woman.  I was thinking that these skills can be applied pretty broadly, but when I go to interviews (mostly for analytics/BI) more often than not the interviewers don't seem to understand how my skills are related to the job they have.   I think when I start talking about network resources people just check out.

Additionally, I think a large part of the problem is that I don't have all the "flashy marketing" terms on my resume because my work in telecom didn't involve any of the high level tools that a lot of companies use.    For example a lot of companies will use things like PowerBI for data modeling, but at my old role we just used programming and Excel for data modeling.  I used Tableau for data visualization, but basically everything else I did was through script programming.   So for example when I get a question like "what did you use for data modeling" the answer really is, "we just made a model".  Basically I have tons of experience doing things "the hard way" whereas companies are trying to do things "the easier way" by using tools.  I have experience with the process but not with the tools.  

I think it may be that I'm presenting too abstract of a picture for employers to see my value.     Any tips or help would be greatly appreciated.   I'm happy to share more details.