What do you want, a cookie for behavior that you should exude by default?
So, I had a date last night. 

We’ll call him Jacob. I’ve texted and talked on the phone with Jacob over the course of 2 weeks or so. He seemed sweet and pretty fun. We finally found the time to set up a date. His use of the word date came as a surprise to me, because I dunno, I’ve been single a long time and I’m just not used to men actually looking for something other than sex. 

It took me about 3 hours to get ready. Yes, excessive. But, I like to go all out when I’m happy or feel like I’m on track. I felt very confident in my appearance, but I wouldn’t say I was looking for negative attention. Not that that even matters. 

First off, I pull into the restaurant, get out of my car, and BOOM. There he is. It struck me as creepy. I didn’t tell him what I drive. Second, I find myself feeling awful because I’ve interacted with this dude for weeks, we’ve sent multiple Snapchats back and forth and... I am not attracted to his real life self. I can’t put my finger on what was different? 

Anyhow, we go in and get seated and he immediately wants to talk about man thing. Cars mostly. That’s fine and all but I had no idea what he was saying. He didn’t seem like the type of person that bothers to explain things, he just likes to talk. Maybe he was nervous. 

As the date goes on, he says various things that just aren’t attractive. He made jokes about jerking off and sex. Just things that generally tend to be an immediate turn off for me. Then, back to hot wiring cars. I think I got whiplash...

He also says that he is recently divorced. So recently, that he signed papers last week. That to me seemed a little swift to be moving back into things. He proceeds to ask me if we can go sit in my car after dinner just to talk more. I don’t know why all my internal sirens started blaring but I instantly felt uneasy. I kinda swept the question under the rug and deferred to a new subject. 

Dinner is done (and I feel horribly relieved that it’s almost over) so I ask if he’s ready to go because I’m beginning to feel the effects of a migraine. At this point, we go outside and we’re standing by my car. He brings up the same question he had earlier and I tried to push it off, saying my car was really dirty. He was insistent that he didn’t care. 

Now, I start getting a little bit defensive... I told him I really just wanted to take dating slowly. He said he respected that, but was obviously very disappointed. He then says he hasn’t had sex since Thanksgiving. 

Insert meme of crazy haired white lemur raising its hands like ‘what the fuck?’ It’s really not my problem... 
I said my head was hurting and it was time for me to be in bed anyways. 

“Well I guess I’m gonna go beat one out in my truck real quick.” All I could reply was oh my god... 

He asked for a kiss and I straight up said no. He kinda got a little louder in tone asking why not. All I could get out was “that’s not really my thing.” So he asks for a hug. To appease him and go home, I let him have a hug, he did buy me dinner after all. 

Pulling back, he says “see, I didn’t try to touch your butt or be inappropriate.” 

I said “do you want a goddamn gold star?” and I got in my car and left. 

I am never seeing this dude again and as bad as I feel for thinking this, it was a waste of some bomb ass makeup. Needless to say, I am once again back in this same hole I keep trying to crawl out of. I’m so discouraged.