Wasting money on buying clothes that I like, but then society/my mother/myself makes me embarrassed to wear it.
Sorry this may be long.
This has been an on-going problem for me.  Ever since I started to develop and mature into a woman, I outgrew my "Junk Foods" T-shirts and tried to find trends that I liked/were somewhat popular in the times.  However, I've grown to dislike certain aspects of clothing, such as: sheer clothing (I don't like to layer, though I've forced myself to for years), things that show imprints of what you're wearing underneath (tight pants show underwear lines, and my mom won't let me get thongs, or bra lines that show against shirts), long sleeves (I end up rolling them to my elbows), too tight/too loose shirts, lots of cleavage, shorts that are too short, really skinny and really flare jeans, etc.  I don't know why these bother me so much, but it really limits what I buy.  

But I could live with my stunted clothing choices if my mother didn't come into play.  I love my mom, and I value her opinion in my life.  Since I still live with her, and have not gone into college yet, she has a lot of say when it comes to clothing.  And it's not the typical, "don't wear that demeaning clothing" because I don't like the new daring trends.  She pushes me to wear "pretty" or "sophisticated, trendy" clothes of today.  And it's weird because I look at the clothes and think "I might actually look good in/like these" but then I get uncomfortable.  I don't know why, but I think it might be due to my mom's past criticisms of my clothes or the fact that I've dressed basically one way for my entire life, and if I changed people would notice.  I would often wear a t-shirt and jeans for school, but right on the way out of the door she would look at me in disgust and say "you're going to wear that? wear something nicer." So that puts me off when it comes to the clothes I like.

When it comes to the clothes she likes, I think that if I wear them, people at school and people I know would comment with something like "I've never seen you wear clothes like that, etc" These could be things like skirts, nice blouses, or layered cardigans.  I think I would enjoy them, until I realize people would take notice, which somehow makes me feel uncomfortable wearing them.  Also, if I do wear them, I get uncomfortable in public, and begin to take off layers and change pieces throughout the day until I'm basically at a bare minimum when it comes to jewelry, layered clothing, uncomfortable shoes, makeup (which I never wear btw) and etc.

Sorry this has been long.  Basically, I spend too much money on buying clothes I like, my mom likes, and new adventurous pieces that I end up not wearing because I realize I dislike the fashion, my mom puts me down for wearing such things, or that society would take notice.  I don't know what to do, and this is especially killing me since school is coming up.  I hate wasting money, and I wish I could wear things without being uncomfortable for so many reasons.