Lessons from Four Decades of Depression
My freshman and sophomore years in college were the worst.  There were several nights when I did consider suicide, which is why I am posting here.  (1984 was a very very bad year -- Orwell had it right for me, at least.)  I am not writing in the sense of giving advice.  First I am not a professional, other than by dent of dealing with depression day after day.  Second, depression differs from person to person.  I have a friend whose depression leads to anxiety -- such that he cannot sit through a movie without feeling pressure to worry about the future.  My issue is the opposite: I go numb: distant from everything; cut off from any sense of shared experience with anyone.  Crushing isolation.  And always the same hammering question: Why bother?  Why bother with any of it?

So why write at all?  Because sometimes just knowing someone has shared experiences can help.  It has helped me a lot.  ANd I fully understand that my coping mechanisms may not work for you.  But they might lead to something that offers a glimmer of light.

For me, realizing several toxic patterns of thought helped me to curtail them.  Each of these eventually leads to "Why bother" and the dark conclusions there.  When I start down any of these roads, I do whatever it takes to derail my thinking.  More and that below.

My private list of poisonous things others tell us and even worse things we tell ourselves:

1:  "I would be happier if only..." If only what?  I was rich?  I had a girl?  I had close friends?  It doesn't work that way.  I found a great woman and married her.  My depression had a choking answer, one I should have seen coming:  "Well, I have a great wife, and I am still depressed.  I must really be a loser."  Grasping for external means to cure depression never has worked for me.  It may not work for you either.  Stop the "Only if..." thinking.  It is a never-ending treadmill.

2: "I need to be happy."  Not true, especially if you (like me) are introverted.  Introverted people hate being pressured to be happy.  It depresses us.  Great.  What most of us want is inner peace.  Happiness happens on its own; it cannot be captured by sheer will power.  Let the pressure go.  I suspect we have enough to deal with without it.

3: "The future is hopeless... "  "Look at all the mistakes from the past..."  Never play time traveler.  It's another game where the house always wins.  The future is unknown and the past is gone.  Live here and now.  What I am doing right now?  What's happening around me?  Is it raining outside?  Am I hungry?  Do those french fries smell good?  Is that woman cute?  Is that man handsome?  When you start time traveling, put the breaks on the TARDIS.  There is nothing there that your depression can't reach before you open the door.

4:  "You need to get out!  Go to a bar!  Go dancing!"  Maybe.  Probably not though.  Not if you are introverted.  This well-meaning advice can cut like knives.  Be cautious.

5:  "You need to get over it."  I am sitting here loaded to the gills on hydromorphine, fighting off 5 kidney stones and the knowledge that polycystic kidney disease is turning my innards into oatmeal.  Odd how no one ever tells me to get over it.  You do not "get over" chronic conditions.  When people say this about depression, my answer is always, "I'm trying, baby, I'm trying."  Then I let it go.

What has helped deal with these bad lines of thought:

1:  The one thing all of the thought patterns above have in common is that they are directed inside: they are aimed directly at sufferer.  "I don't... I can't... I feel... I need to..."  It's being kicked to the curb when you are at your lowest.  Take a deep breath.  Then get out of your skull.  It can be a very dangerous neighborhood when you are alone.  "I can't.." No.  "That cat is pretty."  "The wind is really blowing."  "What was Thomas Jefferson thinking when argued with John Adams?"  "What would it take to fix that window?"  Get out of your skull.  You are on the Titanic.  What could you do to save more people than they did?  Would Iron Man defeat Spider Man if they fought?

2:  Do something.  No, don't go rushing to the nearest hot spot, but do something.  Move.  Walk.  Study astronomy.  Take up cooking.  None of this takes a ton of money.  It takes discipline to free yourself from your mind, but I believe in my heart that people have this power.  Better still, these things can change the future we are so often worrying about.  Dreaded questions become (by the smallest of degrees at first) easier to handle:  "Hey.  Long time no see.  Whatcha up too?"  "I am learning how to cook.  Not very good at it yet, but finding my way."  "Cool.  What are you making these days?"  A conversation.  Such a small thing, easily overlooked.  But small things add up.

3:  Stop trying to capture happiness and instead let it happen.  You don't even have to know it at first.  "The sun feels good on my back."  That's all.  No pressure.  No unrealistic expectations of a miracle end to depression.  Small things.  Tiny steps.

I am not going to tell you any of this conquered my depression.  It would be a lie, and it would go against everything I have written above.  There are times when depression still presses in choking tight.  But its grip no longer has the power to kill.  I am not suggesting that joy is around the corner.  I am merely looking out the window.  The first snow of winter is coming down.  It's pretty.  It's okay to live.  One tiny step at a time.