I failed
A couple of days ago, I finally decided to end my life. I decided, after years of being suicidal, that nothing is worth it anymore. So I went into the shower, put on some chill music, and sat there for a long, long time. Long enough for the water to get freezing cold. I used a razor and cut all over my body and just sat there, staring at the water hitting my body and washing the blood off of my skin. When I finally got out, I put on my dirty ass pajamas I’d been wearing for a week, and went into my room. I tied a belt to my closet door and put my head through the loop. As I felt the belt tightening around my neck, my fight or flight instinct kicked in and I freaked the fuck out. I immediately stood up and scrambled to get the belt off of my neck. I couldn’t get it back over my head and I was hyperventilating. When I finally got it off, I was just shaking like a leaf. I sat on my bed and stared at the belt for a long time. I ended up telling one of my close friends about what happened, and they came into my room, took my belts and all my long cords and my razor and gave me a long hug. But now, I’m sitting here, in my school parking lot, avoiding going to class, and I’m regretting calling her at all. I wish I had just waited until I calmed down enough to try again. I don’t want to be here. I don’t want to be alive. And now I’m gonna be watched with too much scrutiny to do anything else. I fucking hate this. I just want to drive my car off of a bridge. I can’t do this anymore. Maybe when I go home I’ll gather all the pills I can find and try again. I can’t go into school. I can’t face the fucktards I call ‘friends’. I can’t face the people who were supposed to be there for me. I just want to go home. Not back to my house. Back to where I came from. I want to go back to the earth. I want to become one with the universe again, I want to send my energy out to be recycled in the making of new planets again. I wanna be stardust.

Edit: I’m okay now. I’m out of crisis mode and I’m just trying to take each day as it comes. Thank you so much for your kind words and support, it’s helped a lot. Thank you.