Lifelong depression has stunted my personal growth and I'm afraid it's about to put me on the streets
**Edit: Wow, I didn't expect this many responses. Yall are really kind. I really appreciate your advice and support and it will take me some time to read each response carefully and find the words to respond to it. Thank you all so much.**

---

[Originally posted on r/Advice as "Why am I such a pathetic loser and how do I fix it before it gets me killed?" My request for advice was downvoted there and I'm worried no one will reply because of that. Also, this seems like a better place to voice these concerns anyway.]

I'm 26 years old. My problem is this. I'm a quitter with no willpower. I give up on everything before I've even had a chance to really try. I'm afraid of putting in effort, and if I'm *forced* to make an effort, I do quite well for awhile, and then freeze up at some point late into the process, panic, dig my feet into the ground, drop everything, and stubbornly persist in inaction until all my progress has been sabotaged. This attitude and approach toward everything I do has ruined my life.

Through elementary school and high school, I was eccentric and asocial, but brilliant. My performance was excellent, far above the curve, right up to the end. Then, in the middle of 12th grade, I stopped trying. I didn't mean to stop trying. It was more like I couldn't try anymore even if I tried to try. Like my try engine was busted. My performance declined immediately, and it was only because I'd done so well up to that point that I still managed to graduate with excellent grades.

My performance up to that point got me a few merit scholarships, none of them in the area. One was for a school in Pennsylvania. I'm from the bay area in northern California, and my single mother was poor and we wanted to save money by any means possible, so I moved to Pennsylvania to go to college. This was perhaps too bold of me. Because I was used to succeeding, I was spoiled and believed I could do anything effortlessly. I believed I wouldn't have any transition pains. Friends, don't be smart, it makes you stupid.

I did well for one year, but I was miserable. Then I did pretty badly for most of another year because I froze up again and refused to make an effort. I felt like the world around me wasn't real, like every person and every building was made of cardboard and nothing I could do would have any consequence, so I just stayed in my dorm room all day every day. I wound up having to withdraw to avoid having it on my record that I'd flunked out, so I moved back to California to be with my mom again.

My credits from Pennsylvania couldn't be considered, so I had to go to community college for another, well, two years, I think? Then, with my grades already ruined and age having made me less attractive a prospect, we bit the bullet and sent me to a local university without a scholarship as a transfer student, with money we didn't really have per se.

I did kind of well for a year, and then started resisting my own progress again and having mental breakdowns. My second year, I wound up having to withdraw because I refused to make an effort any longer. I then repeated my second year and finished it. The year after that, my mother passed away unexpectedly and I had to withdraw again (though, for once, it's understandable).

It's been 2 years since then, and everything since then has just blurred together and left me confused, but I think what happened was something like this: I came back to try again when I felt I was ready, I was wrong and wasn't ready so I had to withdraw again, I came back again, and (very recently) after fighting a losing battle to stay afloat, I just completely gave up and decided I'm fundamentally not good enough for this. I withdrew permanently, on the very year I was meant to finally graduate.

I'm morbidly obese. While I was at the university back at home in California, I lost 130 pounds. I thought I could keep it up and achieve an acceptable weight. Since my mom died, I've gained it all back.

Also, through all this school BS, I've never learned to drive, never gotten a job or even tried applying for one, and until three months ago, I never even lived on my own. Now I'm renting a place with the money my mother's life insurance company paid out to me as her designated beneficiary. It's quite a significant chunk of money, so I'm fortunate enough to have some time to figure out how to be the adult I'm long overdue to be. But my time isn't unlimited.

I was also very dependent on her. Right up to when I was around 21 or so, she still bought me most of what I owned, still cleaned up after me and did my laundry, still drove me around, still arranged most of my meetings and kept track of the rest for me, still talked to people on my behalf because I didn't have the guts. I've since learned to do most of these things on my own, but even as I type this, there are around 15 bags of garbage in my studio apartment not taken out. I usually take out the garbage like any sane person, but for the past several weeks, I've been "forgetting." I also don't brush my teeth and hardly ever get haircuts. I'm basically barely capable of caring for myself.

Also I don't have any friends. Well, it's more like I refuse to have any. I show people a good personality, and they like me, and try to be my friends, but I freeze up and shut them out. I don't want them in my life. I don't want to hurt them by inevitably not being there when they need me, and I don't want to get hurt, either. Even a disgusting slob like myself could get laid if I wanted to, people have even made advances on me maybe two or three times in my life, but I refuse connections like that, too. If anyone tries to get close to me sexually, that's an even bigger red flag to me than if they try to be my friend. I go into panic. I've literally physically fled sobbing from a situation like that once before.

Please don't judge me too harshly for this, but because of my refusal to be with others or be vulnerable, I'm so touch-starved that I actually bought a love doll. Worst decision of my life. I don't know what to do with it now. I have nowhere to put it, and having it in my studio apartment, just existing, staring at me, judging me, makes me feel really horrible. I am going to have to order a hacksaw off Amazon, take the doll apart, and discreetly throw it out with the trash.

Like I said, I have a financial buffer to figure things out, but my time isn't unlimited. I don't believe I'm capable of holding down a job. I couldn't even hold down school. My mental problems are just too frequent for me to function in society, and I don't even have any aspirations left that I actually still believe in or appreciate. But at the same time, that kind of attitude, where I'm willing to say I'm not good enough for a job without even ever having tried to work one, is exactly what I'm talking about when I say I'm a quitter and too afraid of making an effort at anything.

Once my lease ends, I'm seriously considering either disposing of most of my belongings and entering into voluntary homelessness, or moving out of state again in search of a less competitive housing market, one where I could work a job simple and solitary enough for someone like me to handle, like carrying boxes around, and still make enough money to afford rent. Or both: disposing of most of my belongings, moving out of state to somewhere where it's safer to be homeless and no one I know can judge me, and dipping under the radar and into the urban wilderness.

Speaking of safety, that's where "before it gets me killed" comes in. The only thing keeping me from diving headlong into homelessness is that I don't want it to get me killed. Well, the same could probably be said for most people, right? Who would spend hours of every day making someone else richer if they didn't have to do it to survive? But if I don't become a better person soon, I won't have a choice. I'll wind up homeless, voluntary or otherwise, and if I'm not prepared for that, it very well might kill me. Also, my obesity might kill me if I don't slim down.

I know what I have to do. I've known that much for my whole life. I know most of the pure pragmatic *how* as well. What I don't know is how to find the strength.

I don't remember ever not being miserable. I remember this time when I was 9 years old and kept wailing in a grocery store and pulling on my mom's arm. Did we pass by a snack or toy I wanted? No. Hardly. I'd just felt a surge of emotion come over me for no particular reason I could discern, and I was literally begging her to end my life because I was too afraid to try it myself. I was hanging off her arm and wailing out "kill me" in the middle of the store. I don't know why I've been so unhappy for my whole life, but I guess my senior year in high school was just when it all culminated and I couldn't put up with it any longer, and I haven't really been able to ever since.

Therapy seemed to help a lot, but needing therapy so badly you can't even get it together to actually leave your house to go get it can be quite a predicament.

How do I fight this?

Am I just not good enough to live?