I'm told that my boss needs to edit my emails before we send it to anyone vertically or outside the company. Is this normal?
I started a job about 3 months ago at a hospital. I've run into a very strange situation (or what I think is strange anyway) at work. To preface, here is the "cast of characters" if you will:

Physicians at the hospital

Companies we work with as clients

I have two bosses:

Administrative Director

Clinical Director (a physician)

Their boss is: Executive Director (of the department. And above him are higher ups like VPs and CEO of the entire hospital and such)

I am a project manager and my job is to work with hospital-to-industry relationships on behalf of other physicians trying to get funding for their studies. An attending physician asked me to help me with a new company relationship. As we were wrapping up our conversation, he said, "I think we should all meet together so you, myself, the clinical director, and the executive director are all on the same page and there is no confusion. Could you set up a meeting for us?' I went ahead and sent an email asking if they would like to arrange a conference call. The clinical director (one of my bosses) said, "Oh yeah, of course. I think that's a great idea."

Fast forward two days later, I have my weekly check in with the administrative director (my other boss). She's not happy. She says, "you need to be careful about who you speak to and can't just go off the rails setting up random meetings by yourself." Apparently, the executive director forwarded an email to the administrative director saying, "What is this and who is this guy? Can you take care of this?" And I told her that the attending physician asked to set the meeting up - I didn't realize just asking about people's availabilities would cause such a commotion. Now my boss (admin director) wants me to draft up a report telling her where everything went wrong so she can "sort this mess out." She also says she wants me to send her drafts of all my emails before I send it to anyone vertical in the hospital or to another company. In frustration, I spoke to one of my coworkers about the situation (they work in a completely different capacity). They said that's very common and they were told the same thing too by their bosses.

Is this normal?

EDIT: Some people are asking if I reached out to their admin assistants. I did not but I said I'd be happy to reach out to their admin assistants if they were interested in holding the conference call. I didn't reach out directly to admin assistants first because I figured admin assistants wouldn't know the context of the meeting as to whether or not it was worth scheduling one in the first place. My train of thought was more like, see if the ED even wants to talk, get the thumbs up from him, then go to his admin assistant to schedule something because he wants to discuss this matter. I would hate to schedule something, have the ED to come to a meeting, only for him to be like, "Well, that was a waste of time." You know?

EDIT: This is borderline naive, but I'm gonna be honest. I thought in a professional work environment with a carefully crafted email that dealt with a minor issue like scheduling, especially when directed by a director-level attending, the worst that would happen is, "I'm sorry, who are you?" and people would move on with their lives. No matter how high of a seat you hold. Because, I don't know - people just being kind to one another?

As for my admin boss, I get her embarrassment, but I thought the worst she could be like, especially in a position of a mentor would be, "I mean, shit sucks man. I get it, but don't do it again." End of story. Not write a full blown report about the "mess you've made."

Little did I know.