Am I About to Get Fired?
 x-post /r/careerguidance

&#x200B;

In June I started a new job at a large hospital in a major US city. My job requires me to work closely with four different inpatient units throughout the hospital on various quality and process improvement projects. Everything from reducing infections to increasing patient satisfaction. I've worked in healthcare since graduating undergrad, but am new to this type of work. I have a Master's degree, but am only 28 and haven't had much experience managing teams and leading projects.

I'm working with people who have 5-20+ years of experience on me. During a conversation with my boss in August, we discussed where I think I'm doing well and where I'm struggling. I was told that since I have less experience than my colleagues, they understood mentorship was important. I've been working with two of my colleagues to help me get more comfortable in my role. The mentorship has been going on for a few months, but became more formal in October. I thought I was making progress, but today I had another meeting with my boss; she mentioned they aren't sure if I'm making progress at the expected rate and she wants to meet with me Monday to have a conversation about if I think this is the right position for me and next steps. She wants this to be a comfortable conversation for us both, and doesn't want me to feel intimidated, but I'm freaking out. My company has a six month probationary period for new hires and I'm coming up on six months at the end of this month.

Am I about to get fired? What do you all think will likely happen Monday? From our conversation, I'm not sure if they are planning on firing me or if there are opportunities for me to move into another position at the hospital where I may be better qualified at this stage in my career. I'm going to go in with my thoughts on what I need to do for each of my four units (what they need to do to get back on track) and the steps I think I need to take to get them there. We also agreed on mentorship, but didn't establish goals to show what progress would look like or a timeline for improvement. Is there anything else I should do? Thank you all for your help. I appreciate your insight!