Got fired today. It was 100% my fault. What now?
I was fired today from my first full-time salaried job. It was an admin job at a big consulting company. I am 24, with little experience. I don't know anyone in my social circles who has been fired yet. After graduating a couple years ago, I struggled to get by, doing internships and contracted gigs. And only a month after I landed my first "real" job, I get fired on the spot.

And I completely deserved it. I was terrible at that admin job. I got multiple warnings for my performance and honestly, I saw this coming. I did my best to keep up, but I just did not have the skills for this role.

Prior to this job, I was in roles that involved research, analysis, and translation. I did good work, but it was all through unpaid internships or very lowly-paid contract work. The person I was working for on an informal contractual basis, let's call him Adam, was really happy with my contributions and said that he wished that I could have continued. But I didn't see any path to a full-time, 9-to-5 salaried job, so I left. 

I did have some outstanding research tasks for Adam, however, that I continued to work on over the weekends. So although I formerly left that role a month ago, I was still working on those tasks, and therefore do not technically have a gap in employment. 

&#x200B;

So what now?

Should I leave off this admin job from my resume and note that I continued working for Adam during that month? Would it be dishonest of me to do so? Would it be a red flag for a recruiter if I omitted the admin job? If they found out about it, how would I explain it?

I submitted my last assignment for Adam yesterday. This morning, he asked me how my new job was going. A couple hours later, I got fired. Should I tell him I got fired only after a few weeks of working there, and ask him if he can find a way to get me hired at the organization he works at? 

I made a good impression on him during my time working for him and he made it known multiple times that I did very good work for him. I feel ashamed about all this and I don't want this to affect his perception of me as a professional. Should I lie and say things are going well, and get back to him later telling him that I'm just "looking to transition into something else"? 

I feel incompetent and worthless. Any and all advice would be helpful to me right now.