I didn't even know I was sad and lonely until she came into my life
I used to live with a roommate who was never home. I'm used to being alone and I thought I was fairly happy. Recently, some friends who live nearby were renting their room. They were travelling and NYC rent is expensive so they wanted to Airbnb the space. One of the persons renting was this girl (let's call her Lilly) who was on summer break and taking classes in the city. She was going to use their room for a month. However, there were two weekends she couldn't stay because someone else already booked it or something. My friends asked if I could let her sleep in my room for those two weekends (I have a bunk bed setup). She could even sleep on the couch but I was ok with her using my bed. 

I didn't think much of the arrangement since I had another friend staying with me for a week. She was also visiting the city to see friends and interview for some jobs.

My friends were taking Lilly out for lunch and invited me to meet her. When I first met her she had a lot of eye shadow on, like a panda, her hair was deranged, and she wasn't very talkative. Now, these friends are international students so they spoke in their native lounge. I'm of the same nationality but was raised in America so I understood a decent amount but a lot is lost in translation. Everyone was talking with each other and I added to the conversation when I understood what was going on. I asked Lilly some common questions like what she was doing in the city what and how she found out about the place. She found them by chance and because they were the same nationality, it just clicked. After lunch, I went home and continued my day like nothing happened. Video games, internet, television...

When the weekend of her first stay came, she showed up and thank me for letting her stay in my apartment. She settled her stuff down and thanked me again before leaving. She still had the heavy eye shadow on, which was kind of cute at this point.

Night came and she was nowhere to be seen. I figured she was just out with friends so I went to sleep around 1am. A few hours later and I hear her trying to open the door (it's a tricky lock). I wake up to let her in and she apologize profusely for waking me up. She apologized a lot. The weekend pasts and we don't talk much. I was usually on my computer and she would usually wake up and go to the other apartment since most of her stuff was there. I guest she didn't want to burden me any further than she already has using my mattress.

I lent her some spare keys and when the weekend ended, she was very sad that she had to return them. She really liked the apartment because there was a lot of lights and the windows had a beautiful view. Because she was staying a second weekend, I thought it would be harmless to let her keep it until then. I even said it was ok for her to hang out in my apartment while I was away at work. She was very gleeful after hearing this and thanked me. I didn't see her very often after this point. 

She stopped by once with ice cream and fruits as gifts to thank me for being so generous. I was really caught off guard by the gesture because it was nothing but also because she got a haircut and stopped wearing her eye shadow. She was so cute. Her short hair complemented her adorable round cheeks. Her lack of eye shadow brought out her eyes. There was a brilliance to her face I couldn't stop looking at. It was too late at this point, my body went full "fall in love" mood and I didn't realize this until long after the fact. At the time, I didn't give it a second thought.

The second weekend, Labor Day weekend, was where it all went wrong. For me, if I fall for a girl, I need time away from her to digest my emotions and make sense of it from a logical and practical point of view. Are we compatible? Do we share interests or have things in common? Are her interests and passions sustainable for a long term relationship? Will my parents like her if I married her? Wait, really Brain? You've spent less than 24 hours with her and you're thinking marriage? Maybe you should start with asking her on a date? "NOPE!"

When the second weekend started, we were more familiar with each other. I wasn't on the computer as often. She really disliked people who were passive couch potatoes who weren't passionate about something other than video games and wasting time, which is fair. I didn't stop because of her thinking this but because I needed to be a better host. We began talking more that weekend. Well, she talked and I listened. She loved Japanese literature and reading books in general. She hated clichés and really liked movies about life and its absurdities. She didn't care for plots or graphics or famous actors, she cared for its surrealism, irrational juxtaposition. "So lame!" she'd probably say after reading this paragraph. Probably wouldn't make it past the first few sentences... At some point, she spoke for near 5 continuous hours about books I should read and why she liked them. That happened a few times. 

As the weekend drew to a close, she grew very sad at the realization she had to return to Boston for school. She dreaded the idea of leaving NYC and especially the idea of leaving my perfectly located apartment with its view into traffic and abundance of natural light. Her destination was a basement in Boston. I asked when school started and if she wanted to stay longer? She had the Labor Day week left before starting the following week. She took my offer to stay a week longer and I was happy she did, at the time.

It was Monday night and she was gone somewhere. I had spent almost the whole weekend in her company and it hits me, she was leaving and I was upset. I had too much exposure in too short a period of time. I didn't realize what was happening because I didn't have time to digest. I wasn't prepared for how I was going to behave.

Thinking I was bored, I began to drink. And drink some more until I hit that sweet spot. She came home and saw I was drinking and wanted to join in. I offered what liquor I had stocked and she took a few sips. 

We began talking about everything. A bit too much really. Then I showed her the love of my life, a girl I met while interning in my native country. Lilly said I could do better, the girl looked fake in her pictures. I didn't care because I remember the memories I had. Both our heads were spinning. I had work tomorrow. She needed to pick up a friend that night. I offered to accompany her but she said I needed to sleep for work tomorrow. I just wanted to spend more time with her. I pressed the issue. She kept denying me. Then she said I wasn't smart enough to accompany her. Being already upset, I dropped it and said, "Fine, I don't care." I don't remember a lot of what happened that night but I remembered this scene. She was upset and said I shouldn't say that. She said I should care for something and I said I didn't care for anything. I kept repeating myself and told her she needed to get her friend. She also repeated herself, "You need to care for something, anything." I asked her what she cared about and she said, "I care for you." But she only told me this so I would go to sleep... and when did she start holding my hands...?

Stop here if you want to make up a story about how it was a happy ending and everything worked out. 

I was hung over the next day. She was sleeping on the couch under the bunk bed. I showered and put myself together for work. It was a long day but I couldn't wait to get home and see her. It was too late though, the initial damage was done. 

After she left to pick up her friend, I exploded with expletives and repeating, "IT WASN'T SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN THIS WAY!" Over and over. I didn't see her for most of the day. Night came and I couldn't sleep. She was reading and we ended up talking, recollecting what happened the night before. Apparently I was less reserved, more lively, spoke in my native tongue, and was very amusing. I was also very moody, "Drama bitch." The literally translation was, "ricecake." Emotionally volatile. She said it reflects weakness. I should be more like her, always happy and whimsical. I couldn't take it and I just broke. I said anything hurtful I could, calling her rude, immature, and inconsiderate. It didn't seem to faze her. She said she was stubborn and didn't like people lecturing her. She'll hear what she wants and ignore everything else. She'll let the good affect her life and ignore the bad. This is how I should have lived my life but I cared too much about what others thought about me. If I had just let it go then, I might not be so bruised. But she got to me.

I left her a note the next morning apologizing for what I said but the deed was done. I was no longer her generous host. She no longer loved the apartment she so coveted a week earlier. She was there for a week but I never saw her, only when I woke up for work.

She moved her stuff out yesterday. My room's no longer cluttered. I didn't even know I was sad and lonely until she came into my life. Now she's gone and my last memories of her are the exchange of hurtful words. All because I wasn't confident enough to tell her how I felt. Even if she didn't reciprocate, it would have been enough for her to know how I felt about her entering and leaving my life so suddenly.

And I can hear her now, if she were ever to read this, "So lame!" Thanks for the memories Lilly.