I hate my appearance, I feel that nobody likes me, and I have constant negative thoughts
Alright, I don't even know where to begin. I guess there's a lot of stuff bothering me. To give you an idea of my situation - I'm a guy in grade 11 of high school. I have a pretty normal family, and have had a pretty decent life. It's only recently (3-4 years) that I've been feeling negative in regards to my appearance and my personality. Actually, I feel negative in regards to almost every aspect of my life. Not just appearance and personality, but interests, popularity, possessions, and overall outlook on life.

I'll start with how I look. I'm a pretty tall guy, and I weigh about 185 pounds. I don't appear that overweight, but most of the guys I know are either skinny or extremely fit. I feel like I am the only one who is neither of those things. Also, I don't like the way my face looks. I just don't like it. I consider myself fairly unattractive, average on a good day. I have pimples on my face and up until recently also had braces. I have terrible eyesight and need to wear glasses, but I hide my glasses at school as I feel I look much worse with them on. I also find that I can never have a good haircut, and I hate the appearance of my hair every time it is cut. I have tried multiple styles and have felt unattractive each time. As well, I find that no matter what clothes I wear, I find that I look awful in them. I've tried various kinds of shirts, pants, and shorts, but I hate my appearance no matter what I am wearing. On a related note, I also hate the appearance of my possessions and my room. I move around my room ever few weeks or so, hoping to improve it. No matter what I do though, my room still looks too 'young' for me. This means that I feel like my room is immature, despite how much I like it. Even if I love the way it looks, I am fearful of how others would see it, and have to change it again. A good example would be my love of Star Wars. Several years ago, I was a big fan of Star Wars. When I learned that this wasn't something other people liked, though, I threw out everything I had relating to Star Wars. Even though I loved it, I got rid of it all in an attempt to be popular. The same goes for my room. Even if I love the cool Doctor Who posters in my room, I'll take them down in an attempt to seem cool and mature. Unfortunately, nothing I do helps, and I end up getting rid of my possessions regularly. I am briefly happy with the result each time, but then the negative thoughts set in again and I feel a need to change it again. The same could be said with my clothes, as well - nothing I wear ever looks good, but I keep trying in a futile attempt to be better looking. In hopes of perhaps changing how I look and making a difference, I joined a gym sometime in February. Unfortunately, the number of times I went dropped drastically around June and I haven't been back since. I keep meaning to go, but I never feel up to leaving the house. I don't even like to go out to the mall or the park because of how self-conscious I am. If I am in public, my only thoughts are how people are no doubt judging me, even though I know it isn't true. I can't be happy when I'm out of the house, no matter where I am. 

As for my personality, I have tried changing who I am many times to fit in and make friends. I truly believed in 'being myself' for much of my childhood, which alienated me from many of the people I grew up with, as I was obnoxious without realizing it. I try to be significantly more subdued and unobtrusive now, but I simply can't connect with people without fear that they secretly hate me. I do have a few people I would consider friends, but every day I wonder if they really like me or not. I have no evidence that they don't in fact simply tolerate me, which leads me to believe that that is what is happening. I'm sure that isn't true, but that doesn't stop me from being unhappy when I'm not around them, and distant when I am. In an effort to make sure they do like me, I often try too hard and make things awkward. An example would be when I tell a joke that makes them laugh, and then all I do is tell jokes until it is repetitive and driven into the ground. I recognize that this is something I shouldn't be doing, but I crave approval from them so much in the moment that I do it anyway in hopes that this time it will encourage them to like me. As well, I find that once I'm less worried about whether they like me or not I work less on keeping myself in check and therefore don't ensure that what I say won't drive them away. With a combination of all of these things, I find that I don't make friends easily and that I lose friends that I have. In regards to girlfriends, I have had a few, but most of the relationships have ended very quickly. Not one has lasted longer than a month. I have two theories as to why this is. One might be because each day the relationship goes on I am more convinced that she doesn't like me and ultimately don't like being around her. The other is that she breaks up with me, and I can only assume this is because I am not an attractive person in terms of appearance or personality. Either way, each time a relationship ends I find I am less inspired to seek out a new one. I find I am under more pressure in a relationship than I can handle, even if there shouldn't be any pressure involved. It works the same way with friendships, but thankfully I am able to handle the pressure of being in a friendship. That doesn't mean that I don't constantly question myself around my friends, though. It just pains me to be around people who I think are pretending to like me - not because of how bad that would be. I expect that, I would consider it reasonable. I just feel a desperate need to be liked by at least somebody, and if I don't know whether my friends are my friends than I am brought down constantly. Unfortunately, no matter how I change my personality or attitude, the situation doesn't seem to change.

Wow. I really didn't expect to be writing that much. I don't even know what I'm looking for here, I just thought it'd be a good idea to see what people have to say to me. Thanks for listening.