My lover is travelling with his ex.
I'm not sure how entitled I am to be upset, but I suppose that doesn't take away that I am upset.

Started a trip around the world, met a guy on a bus in Nepal. We ended up travelling for 2 months together, with not even a visit to the convenience store separated, and returned to our respective countries. I had a minor health issue that I wanted fixed, and he had to attend two weddings. We'll both set off again, not sure if together or apart.

He and his ex had broken up for about a year, it was really serious and he wasn't over it or ready to date again, which I understand. We didn't define our relationship, I liked him, I also saw his flaws which I felt made us quite incompatible for the long run. But I enjoyed his company, took it as a beautiful love affair and was fine with not needing to define a future. 

Absence makes the heart grow fonder, and while apart we text or Skype daily. It's nice because I never had someone who wanted to communicate so much with me. He surprised me by flying 8 hours to visit me for a week. But I know it wasn't me he was visiting; he needs to keep busy and have new, exciting stimuli all the time, and I think that's what I represented. I went to a meditation retreat for two weeks, and he decided to join his friend back home for a meditation retreat also.

I come back and call him, and it's beautiful, he's happy, wrote me a poem! He's busy and tells me he's leaving for London tonight and he won't really be able to chat until 5 days later. He tells me he met up with his ex to really get some closure, and they both agreed they aren't good together, and he feels good about it. He'll see her again in London.

He's honest. And he'll tell me things about his ex, if I ask. 

His car breaks down and the London trip is over, instead he goes to Belgium. Some things out of habit I see in what he's communicating to me, also he calls me all the time when he's alone and he's not doing. I remember how when he was travelling with me, his ex asked if he was alone, and he chose not to answer. I had been firm with him at the time, and telling him to be honest with whoever he's with and not to make empty promises or lead women on. Now it's my turn and I ask him if he's alone. And he chooses to not answer, and writes a long line of anything else. I know that his omission is admission.

I'm a bit hurt. Not angry. Hurt enough to create this throwaway and write this long text explanation. I wish he'd told me, as I was as supportive as I could be for him to be happy if it meant to reunite with his ex. And his visiting, telling me things were over, had me, unfortunately, making dreams and concessions in my mind.

He's texting me now a photo of the beach. And I'm feeling a bit bothered. How should I proceed?

**tl;dr:** My lover is travelling with his ex. What to do?