My wife left me after 5 years and I don't know how to let go.
5 years ago I met a woman that I thought was the love of my life. A person who accepted me for me, made me feel comfortable in situations I had never been able to before and filled me with purpose.  She made me feel like we were true partners in life.  Everything I have done in the past 5 years was with her in mind. I included her in every decision I made. I sacrificed to help build a life with her and prepare for our future.

I knew something was wrong weeks before but I only realize this looking back. On January 6th I got home from work and she said we needed to talk. She then told me our marriage was over. She said that she didn’t love me anymore. That she felt trapped and had to move on. I feel that every “I love you” she ever said to me was a lie. I had never felt the way I did that day; confused, angry – furious even, and unbearably sad. I am not the kind of man that gets emotional about many things but I cried for days. I am still crying sometimes when little things trigger a random memory.

I gave everything I had and put it into my marriage. I promised myself that my marriage was not going to be a failure. That love was what we had between us and that would hold us together because we were honest with each other. I never thought I would ever be alone again.  My feelings float between rage to hate to terrified and alone.  I hate her for breaking my heart and destroying the trust I had built up in her – complete unquestioning trust. I still love her at the same time too. 

We don’t hate each other; she says she hates having to hurt me but that she needs to do this. I just feel sick to my stomach.

What am I supposed to do? I just can’t turn off a switch and move on with my life. I tried to finish our separation agreement paperwork yesterday and it didn’t go so well, just more crying and anger. 

My friends are trying to help me through this as much as they can, making sure I get out of the house now and then. Actually they insist I go do things with them. Which can be annoying but I know they are right. I have great friends. But even they can’t fill that hole of intimacy that my marriage had. Not sex, but real intimacy.  My (now) ex-wife and I found out she was going to have trouble having kids, I was by her side every step of the way and encouraged her as best I could. Of course it is a good thing we never did have kids giving how things turned out. My point is my whole life I have never been the one curled up on someone else’s lap wanting to be made to feel better. I was always the strong one. Now, when all I want is that connection of real trust and intimacy it’s gone. Almost like she robbed me of that too, taking away the only person I thought I would ever need - that would be there that one time when I was weak and alone needed someone to hold me for once – and she just left.

In her words “I thought I wanted family life, a home and all that stable stuff but I can’t stand it and I have to get out”.  She told me she had cheated on me too and I was so afraid of her leaving my life I almost didn’t care.

She came back for a month around the end of February through half of March. We went to counselling (which she hated) and I suggested a physiatrist instead. She said fine, anything that you think would help.  The physiatrist told her she was bipolar.  At first I thought, “Yes! Now we know what the problem may be and I can help her get through it!” 

It is amazing what we can get ourselves to believe so we can smile again.  

As anyone who has had to deal with mental health issues knows, finding the right medication (if needed) and dosage takes time. I would have done anything to find that magic pill that would have made her smile again – a real smile, but would it have been real? I know she loved me once but the more I think about it maybe she was just with me because she thought that is what she was supposed to do?  The mind can make us do strange things.  

So even with this new revelation, her mental health issues that is, she left for good. 

It almost killed me.

I thought about killing myself. I thought about quitting my job and just walking away from everything. I thought about lots of things. None of them made me feel better; they just made me realize I would be doing the same thing she was doing to me. Ripping myself out of other people’s lives that acre about me to suite my own purposes. Then they would feel the same as I do now. Like some fucked up version of the circle of life, circle of misery maybe?

I think she knows exactly how much she means to me. She knew I had made her the focus of my life and that was why she had to go. She had told me that she knew she was always going to have these feelings of wanting to “escape” and that she did not want to cheat on me again but probably couldn’t keep that promise either. That is why she left I think. Maybe what last little bit of herself that cared about me cared enough to leave before she really did destroy me.  

I feel stupid for having trusted someone that much.  Having brought someone into my life like that. I told her things about me that I wouldn’t tell anyone. I feel like a fool for having thought that someone could have loved me enough to decide to share their life with me.  

I have never been this low in my life. I loved her with all my heart and she didn’t really love me.  I feel like a failure that is just another divorce statistic, another stupid couple that failed.  And now I am alone and I can’t remember how to be happy being alone.  Now I am in my mid 30’s and have to start all over again. I have no idea how.

Thanks for listening.