Ghosting Girls
Two times over the last couple months I have been ghosted by two separate girls. The first one, we only went on one date, and it was nice. We got a couple beers, had good conversation, and when saying goodbye, she was the one who first said, "We should do this again sometime." Of course I said yes, for sure! She was cute and nice, and i liked her. Texted for the next week or so, ghosted me once, and sent one last hail Mary,  just general like, "Hey how's your week going" to try and start a conversation and just completely ghosted. 

The second girl just recently, we were acquaintances through my sister, she was my sister's friend, she found me on bumble, and she began the conversation. We texted for a couple days, I got her number, kept on texting, until we set up a date to meet up. Date went great, she brought some beers, we went on a little hike, good conversation, we kissed the first date, which I normally don't do but it felt so natural. She bought me 16 tall cans of beer at this brewery she works at on the way out (Wife materail) and when we were texting later, she told me she wished I didn't leave so soon. We meet up again a week or so later, go out to dinner, she grabs my hand first while we are walking and we hold hands for the rest of the night. We come back to my house play some games, have a great time. Ends up staying the night (No sex, just other sfuff) get a little morning BJ, make some coffee for her, and kiss her goodbye. Bring her favorite juice to her while she's at work later that week, and she tells me I am the sweetest, and thanks me for being so nice to her. Sends me multiple texts with kiss emojis. 

Fast forward a couple days, we are still texting, little flirting, and one day just generally ask her how she's doing, and no response. I stay cool, give her a couple days, she's still sending me random snaps during this, but I text her again, she responds, but very short, i notice a disconnect. And then I text her just yesterday asking her if she wants to go to this bar she told me she really had been wanting to go to. No response. 

I get if she lost interest, but I am just literally wondering what I did, or didn't do, or if she is just going through something. Literally its like she just changed her mind overnight. Why say all these positive things about me, grab my hand first, ask me if she can stay the night, and just essentially redact all of it seemingly overnight. How hard is it to just respond, "Hey I am busy tonight," or ," Hey, I just need some time." I simply don't get it. 

Ghosting is the fucking worst, especially for someone with past anxiety and over thinking like me.