I just wanted to let you guys know about an opportunity.
Did you know there's an electrician shortage? Did you know you don't have to pay to become one? (Well. You'll have to pay for books and tools but hey) That you can actually get paid more than minimum wage to work and learn on the job as an apprentice? The Joint Apprenticeship and Training Commitee, or JATC, have an office in just about every major city you can think of. They'll start you off at 50% of a journeyman's pay in your area to work and learn on the job, and you'll get a raise about every 6 months if you're consistent! In my town the JATC would start me at $9.85, and as far as I know that's actually a little! My cousin lives in OKC, the apprenticeship there starts at $15.90!! keep in mind this is a 5 year commitment, it is a career after all. But after those 5 years you have a career. You'll have a long lasting trade that won't go anywhere for a very long time. I'm always reading people being recommended to become a welder, or trucker and that they make killings. Although I agree they make way more money than I do, look it up, those guys are on their way out. their jobs are gonna be automated sooner rather than later. I'd hate for you to take a year or 2 to become a trucker just to lose your job in the next decade. But electricians and plumbers are looking like they're gonna be the last trades to be automated. since electricians get paid a hair more than plumbers, maybe try checking out the JATC in your area and see how much apprentices start at? Your only requirements are a diploma or GED and proof that you passed Algebra with a C or higher in your high school transcripts. If you didn't pass algebra, there's a cute little Algebra test they supply you with to get get that credit. I see people here struggling with minimum wage, or people here who can't afford school. I'm here to tell you guys that I'm in that same boat. And I just found out there's a *demand* for apprentices, meaning they're just begging us to consider it. Tests are every 6 months so if you hurry you might make it to take the January test an start by early 2019. Stay safe guys :) 


Edit: just wanted to give you guys some info off the bat I found was important to know. The first few years are most expensive bc that's when you're buying the most books + all your tools. So expect some money to be needed for that. Also the reports that say you'll be a journeyman in 5 years and the actual requirements to take the journeyman test make it out to be 30 hours of supervised work and 5 hours of classroom schooling a week for 5 years. Depending on whether or not they'll allow you to work overtime this means you can either amp up apprentice work to progress through those 5 years faster or pick up another job to supplement book and tool fees as you wait for those first few raises to kick in.