Roommate's puppy needs some help
Hello!

An old friend (Tom) and I got an apartment together several months ago. We had discussed him getting a puppy within a few months and I offered to do friendly roommate tasks like take him out if he wasn't home, feed him at noon, etc. if Tom wasn't available. I knew he was struggling financially so long shifts would be inevitable. I wanted to make sure we had a plan on keeping the puppy cared for while we were working.

Then Tom goes and buys a 9 week puppy (german shepherd/husky mix, it's amazing) with no warning days after our discussion. Frustrated but trying to keep the peace I try to offer resources, another friend who works at a pet store with knowledge on training and merch discounts, local vets to handle shots and things, anything Tom could need to raise a puppy comfortably.

The issue is all that happened a month ago. Since then he's refused to potty train (beyond laying mats and what he calls "light swatting" when the puppy has an accident), refuses to replace destroyed items, takes him out for walks maybe once a week or so, it took 2 weeks for him to get his first round of shots but he still took him around the apartment with other dogs and to some parks (thankfully puppy appears ok), and uses the kennel as a discipline tool and for when he leaves (usually from 7am to 4-6pm).

At the beginning when I realized he wasn't going to actively potty train I offered daycares that could do it for him. Even for a month would be enough for the puppy to start training but he's refused saying it's too expensive. I offered to help care when he's away but as I saw him take less and less an active role in training and refusing to consider my concerns and lack of cleaning up after his puppy (our whole apt smells like dog pee and the floors are all sticky) I stopped taking care when he's at work. I'd hoped Tom would take it as a sign to fix something in his treatment, and told him if he did anything to start actively training again I would start helping him in the afternoons again but he refuses.

At this point the puppy screams (not whimpers or whines, it sounds like torture) every couple hours until Tom gets home. Apparently it's been like that the past several weeks according to my neighbors. I'm at a loss for what to do. Tom refuses my help but wont train his puppy. Won't pay for a trainer or daycare saying it's too expensive. I'm trying to see if the apt complex can force some action on behalf of the puppy but they haven't received complaints from neighbors so they won't step in. 

If anyone can give some advice with the puppy's best interest I'm all ears. 

tldr: roommate has a puppy he doesnt train, expects me to be ok with it until he is (by magic apparently)