Dating isn’t for the weak
I don’t know if anyone needs to read this, but I had an interesting observation and in case if gives even one person the info they need, I thought I’d share. 

Dating is hard. Not talking about FWB or casual hookups but dating. Finding someone compatible and interesting enough to spend an evening with. Finding someone willing to fight at least as hard as you do when things get tough. Our time is valuable. Or it should be. 

So we try to get out there. Maybe bars. Maybe the deep dark abyss of the online marketplace. Maybe we join clubs or volunteer. And we don’t meet anyone that we connect with. Or we do, but it’s not reciprocated and in an era of instant gratification we find ourselves competing with greener grass that may not even exist. 

But here’s what I’ve noticed lately. 

As a 43 year old female, I’m noticing so many of the relationships around me. 

A same age friend just recently started a relationship with the man she has fallen in love with.  They originally met in high school but timing wasn’t right. 

Another friend found her forever partner eight years ago at age 35. 

Another friend ended a 12 year relationship where she hasn’t been happy for 11 years. 

Another just celebrated her 12th anniversary with the love of her life. She’s 42. He’s 44. 

Myself? I’ve been in a relationship for just over a year with a man who has shown me in so many ways why past relationships never worked. He’s everything I never thought possible. He is my anything but not my everything. We met online a week after I proclaimed to someone that my life is pretty amazing and someone’s going to have to be spectacular to be a part of it. He is. 

So I’m not saying you have to be mid 40’s to find the relationship you crave.... not at all. I’m saying that it took an awful lot of us 40+ years to truly figure out what we wanted and to find the courage to say no when our relationships fell short. In that time, we learned a lot about what we didn’t want. We learned a lot about ourselves. We built careers. We raised kids (some of us) and in the end, we allowed our journey to shape us without giving up hope for what we desired in life. A partner. In every sense of the word. 

Kudos to those who already have it all figured out. For everyone else, enjoy the journey.