Tired of feeling lonely and not worth anyone's time
I've never really had more than two or three real friends at any given time in my life. I've had people that would talk to me if they didn't have anything better to do, but rarely have I ever been invited to do anything with them, or have them take me up on my invites towards them. Within the past few years, I've nearly stopped talking altogether, aside from exchanging greetings or goodbyes, and even then, that's probably only twice a week. I haven't had a real, genuine conversation with anyone in a long time. I almost ended up dating an old friend a few months ago, which would have been my first real girlfriend, but I wasn't as outgoing, talkative, or lived as close as she wanted. I've been trying to condition my mind to believe that I'm just not good enough for anyone, yet I still wish that I could be with someone, and it frustrates the hell out of me because I can't truly eliminate the desire to have someone. Every month or so, I'll sign up for a dating site, and usually end up deleting my profile because I'm never what they want. I try to tiptoe through the eggshells of trying to not seem desperate, or coming off too strong, or uninterested, or talking too much about her, or too much about myself, or if my message is too short, or if it's too long, not being too casual, but not being too formal. It doesn't matter whether my profile is brief, detailed, serious, or humorous, because no one is interested.

Even when I grow the balls to ask out someone I've been around for a while, they're either not interested, or already have someone. I don't understand how everyone else in my family and all the people I've ever been friends with have been able to find someone. It makes me feel like I'm some kind of horrible monster that no one wants anything to do with. And then, whenever I feel crushed down from the weight of the world on my shoulders, I've learned that no one cares what I feel, unless what I feel is vomiting forth happiness. No one wants to hear something that's gone wrong, they don't want to kneel down and give a helping hand. I've come to believe that my feelings don't matter, and hide any emotions and experiences that happen to me. Even on reddit, where no one knows who I am, I will type up two hours' worth of heartache and pain, only to delete it because I'm not important to anyone, and what I feel is insignificant. That's been one of the driving forces to lead me to desire a girlfriend. Maybe then would I have someone that would actually be there for me, care about what I feel, care about me as a person, and willingly WANT to be around me without feeling obligated to do so. I feel like I'm some kind of crazy freak for wanting someone that's interested in the things that I'm interested in.

I have no more confidence. I missed the relationship boat back when I was younger and now no one wants to touch me with a ten foot pole. When I went off to college, everyone was telling me that I'd find someone there. I didn't. I didn't even find someone that WANTED to even TRY, much like what the last woman told me a few months ago "I wouldn't want to waste our time by going out together because I've dated guys like you in the past and it never worked out". Hell, I even had someone literally turn and run away from me when I told them I really liked them. It wasn't as if I went up to some random stranger, but she was someone I had begun hanging out with after classes for a month. I ended up dropping out because I couldn't handle the loneliness. Couples everywhere and I was too much of a moron to even figure out how to find someone that accepted myself as a person.

I've lost hope. I'm almost 30 and I have no idea what a real relationship is like... no one wants that in a significant other. They want someone experienced. I want to just disappear, but there are so many things that I want to do in life, but the loneliness is just crushing me. At the time being, I'm just holding on, trying to get through each day. It's been like that for months now. I have no job. I almost started up my own business, but I didn't have any support from anyone I know, having to go it alone. I felt that I was really good at what I did, but no one cared. I failed to get a degree for a passion of mine, I failed to start a business, or even get a job in something that I enjoyed and was good at, I failed to find a significant other, I've failed to have and keep any friends, I've failed as a son, and I've failed as a decent human being.

And none of that matters. This is just another sob story about some guy that doesn't know how to get a woman. All I am is text on a page. A face in the crowd. A placeholder. "Suck it up" and keep going. "Man up"