Need responses ASAP, thank you
I’m 15 and I’m in my 4th year of Highschool (we don’t have middle school in Canada). A year ago I met this girl in school that I instantly was crushing on. Months pass and I feel like this girl is feeling me too even tho we didn’t talk much. I found out she started fooling around w/ my friend n that discouraged me from askin her out. Then out of nowhere she overdosed n got hospitalized (paralyzed). I hadn’t been in contact with her during her hospitalization About half a year later when she got discharged n came back to school she had a walking stick n couldn’t walk properly. Her social status decreased n nothing abt her was rly the same. We still talked occasionally but much less. our more meaningful interactions took place on snap,  I still had feelings for her and our convos were awkward but flirty.  I talked to sum friends about my crush on her and they would make fun of her bad walking, which discouraged me even further from asking her out. After a few days straight of texting her, I got a snap from her asking if I wanted to date her. Weirdly It struck me as desperate, like her decrease in social status had made her pick me instead of someone else. at that time I also had a date with a different girl planned. That plus the fear of being criticized about dating  a “cripple” messed with me n i said no. The next day, when I thought of explaining the situation to her as honest as I could, I had found out she was going to be leaving school to focus on physical therapy for her leg. She was out of my life. Nothing came out of that date I mentioned  and skip to now where she hits me up again, just as friends, we talk about our most current romantic relationships which neither are  going well.  We play the 21 question game and I ask her what the deal was w/ her asking me out. She told me that she had liked me for the longest time, even when I was in relationships with other girls. Immediately I asked her if we could continue the conversation in person, (That may have been too sudden n uncalled for). I’m going to see her 2 days from now. I’m a person who prioritized face to face communication. Currently I’m in a friends w/ benefits relationship w/ a different girl but I’m planning on meeting up w/ my crush n explaining to her why I declined the first time she asked me out. Even the parts about her disability affecting my decision. I genuinely like this girl but everything that’s happened is making me unsure. I’d love some advice.