I'm afraid I'll never grow out of my imagination
Now don't get me wrong, I know imagination is a great thing and can inspire people creatively, but mine is rampant and honestly depresses me sometimes. 

I constantly daydream about exciting things. Superheroes, zombies, knights, and all kinds of random shit. It's not just the occasional thought though, at all times I have a sort of 'story' going in my head. Usually when I get bored of the story I scrap it and move onto another one. They can last for a day or even a few weeks. It would be a great source for writing, however it's usually never original and often directly inspired by things. I think about these 'stories' almost too much. I purposefully make time before I try to go to sleep to 'progress' them more. Now while the idea may sound silly, that doesn't really bother me. It's my weird mind and I don't care what other people think about it. The thing that bothers me is that usually at some point I start to get mildly depressed about the fact that our world is boring compared to the awesome, supernatural things I imagine. The mild depression usually fades and I forget about it. The depression never lasts long but sometimes it can be really strong for a little bit. By little bit I mean no more than 5 minutes.

Another part of this issue is that my brain likes to 'latch' onto things and people. An example: I recently watched Harry Potter so I've had a 'story' going on in my head for a while based loosely off the universe. A worse example is that my brain chooses to latch onto people. There was a girl in my history class a few years ago who became part of these 'stories' without me really thinking about it. While the stories changed she was always part of them for a while. It bothered me because while she was attractive, it wasn't like I had some huge crush on her, I had never talked to her and I really didn't know anything about her. It was just creepy. She had even started to show up in my dreams. So I forced myself not to think about her. Eventually the thoughts went away.

I don't know what goes on in the minds of other people, but mine scares me if I give it too much thought.

---

While I'm getting things off my chest I just wanted to mention one thing that has really been bothering me, and I know at this point I probably sound like a mental nutcase.

Another issue I've been having very occasionally is the idea that my dreams may predict the future. It's not consistent, and it's never important. It's always just really mundane things like a person calling me that day, or a conversation. I thought for a while that my mind was somehow manipulating myself to believe I had dreamed those things (kind of like how Deja Vu works?), but recently I distinctly remember a dream where my friend called me to ask me to get lunch, a friend that I had just recently become friends with and had never talked to on the phone with. I remember waking up, thinking about the dream for a few minutes, then I heard my phone ring. As I reached for the phone I said their name out loud jokingly, but then it was them, asking me to go to lunch. I know that this all of this is most likely coincidence or my mind playing tricks on me, but I just had to get it off my chest because it has really been bugging me.

Anyways I'm almost 19 now and I am just worried that maybe I'm kind of crazy. I don't know what I'm looking for. Maybe a medical term, a person who can relate, I don't know. Just typing this out makes me feel a lot better.