New Cashier Here, Just Had a Shitty First Day at Work. Read On and Please Tell Me This Gets Better.
TLDR: First day. Thrown on reg without being able to study produce codes in a busy supermarket. My spotters could barely speak English so many of my questions went unanswered. Berated all day by customers (even the nice ones commented). Awkward set-up of reg counter causes agony in the lower back after a couple hours, took the bus home instead of walking because of the pain. Am I being a baby? I'm used to busting my ass (former waitress), but at the moment I'd rather physically run headlong into a truck than show up for work on Wednesday.


EDIT: Sorry for the length, really had to get that out.


Hello all! Today was my first day at a busy local supermarket and it was god awful: I mean, it's my first day so I didnt expect things to be perfect, but damn.

Anyways I came in and was handed 5 pages of codes that I had to memorize (plus an additional 50 more since mix nuts is self serve now). I was nervous, but knew I would get it down with repetition and would have some time to practice before I had to do anything too challenging...or so I thought. Without any time to even glance at the codes I was put on a register while an experienced cashier spotted me. It was okay in the beginning since the morning was slow, but everything started to fall apart once the rush(es) started coming in.

People would come through with carts filled with produce, most of which I didnt know the codes for, so I desperately tried to memorize all these codes as they came at me, but I struggled all the way through. My spotter got to the point where she basically was just telling me all the codes without letting me try to memorize because she got annoyed. About 80% of the customers I had were talking shit, and even the nice ones just had to say something to my spotter about me being new. Also, I should mention that the two people I was bouncing between all day speak really broken English so a lot of my questions weren't understood or were misunderstood. 

I was simultaneously told to slow down and take my time (probably had to call my manager 10 times today because I was anxious and hitting the wrong keys), but also felt a huge pressure to speed up because the place was packed, the lines were getting long, and I know I was slowing things down. One of my spotters was asked by a manager how I was doing and I told her to be honest; she said something in Spanish about my speed and the manager wouldn't translate for me.

I'm afraid what this job will do to my health. The cashier counter is set up in a way where you have to lean forward to be able to reach product and scan it or else you will hit the conveyer belt button. Within my first hour and a half my lower back was screaming at me; I was able to rest it during my breaks and lunch, but it wasnt long until it started up again. I was able to walk to work since it isn't far, but today I took the bus back home because I was in so much pain from leaning all day that I couldnt walk without hunching over. I also know carpel tunnel is a problem with cashiers and one of them was telling me how she had to get surgery for hers; this didn't help her and only made things worse. If I'm in agony after one fuckin day I'm afraid of what will happen to me in a month or two. I've been getting into running lately and I dont think I can run with pain like that.

I am finding this extremely demoralizing. I worked at this place as a courtesy clerk from 2014-16 and left because the workplace politics were toxic and the managers were in on it. Years later I have had to come back because the job I took afterwards asked way too much, but refused to hire the proper amount of staff to handle the workload (still did it for 2 years though). The job I took after that one hired me full time only to have me (and everyone else there) work only several 4 hour shifts a week and sometimes you only got one day for the week. I looked for full time work, for months, but NO ONE is hiring for full time, so I eventually had to come crawling back to this place; seeing that many others I worked alongside years ago are still here in the same positions makes me feel trapped and hopeless.

It just sucks you know? I messed up and was forced to go back to a toxic environment to help make ends meet. I resigned myself to it and was looking forward to saving up money to finally get started on the next phase of my life, but it's worse than I imagined and I cant afford to leave. Even if my back ends up shot and my nerves frayed, and my self esteem beaten into the ground I have to do this. I dont mind being a cashier, but I'm not suited to this environment. I feel like I'm being a whiney baby, so please, tell me its going to get better.