I started my new job today...
It's absolutely terrible. I'm sitting here crying as I type this and just hoping any kind soul out there will lend a sympathetic ear and some words of wisdom. 

I've been unemployed for a few months. I have a good amount of money saved and it wasn't too big a deal. I quit my last job and made a big move across the country, so it was voluntary. Last week, after a while of searching, I received TWO pretty exciting job offers. I waffled between the two jobs for days. Job A was a job in my chosen career path, low stress, okay pay. Job B was slightly different from the path I've been on, medium stress and great pay. After much deliberation, I decided to accept Job B because I thought it might be exciting and to be honest, the pay was enticing. 

Today was my first day. First of all, the job I trained for today is not really the function I was told I'd be hired for. I was offered what I thought was an office position. However, today I shadowed the C.O.O. all day on a job site, being trained as if being on site would be my primary position (using language such as "you'll be doing this" and "when you are in charge of this"). It ended up being an 11 hour day. I wasn't given a restroom break. I didn't have anything to eat or drink all day and even though I thought I was taking a white collar job, I spent much of my day doing labor tasks. Also, I'm a young woman being given a somewhat rowdy crew of men to manage out the door on my first day. 

The person who trained me today texted me just now telling me to come in even earlier tomorrow, almost guaranteeing a 12 hour day and I just don't even want to go. I feel terrible, but I want to just crawl in bed and turn off my phone. I feel like I made the wrong choice and I wish so badly I could go back to the day I turned the other job down and choose the other path. 

Sorry for the whiny rant, I'm just exhausted and upset. Anyone out there have some wise sagely advice on how to keep going after a horrible first day on a new job?