Moved across the country for dream job, 30 days in and there are layoffs.
So let me start by apologizing, but I am typing this on mobile and there may be grammatical errors.

I really need some outside perspective on this, because I am currently in a situation that I can safely say I’ve never been in before.

Little background: I’m a college graduate with about 9 years of work experience under my belt; including publications with the government. But the field I’ve found myself in for my “career for life” is one in which I specialize in a very niche production/manufacturing method and oversee the regulations surrounding this particular process. 

Niche as in there’s right around 11 facilities in the US that even do this process, whereas it’s super popular in Europe. 

I spent a little over 4 years at one of these facilities (smallest one in the US and a startup), expanding my knowledge, learning everything I could, getting certified in all the right things, etc. Eventually I maxed out my potential (and hit a salary ceiling) with this company and felt it was the right time to spread my wings and get my foot in the door with a more established facility.

Enter my current place of business. 

Thankfully I am single and have no kids, so after I landed a job at the new company I simply packed up my car and moved. I love the state and I really enjoy the company.

The upper management was very black and white about the reason they were hiring new blood in this department: the company had been purchased by a huge multinational organization who was revamping what was and is currently a dysfunctional facility. They needed “fixers”, people knowledgable in this field who weren’t afraid to come in and wrestle my particular department (among others) back under control.

I can say after a month that I wasn’t far off in my expectations when I accepted the job. 

Here’s the issue: 

The company is now running more efficiently and corporate has determined they have more staff than necessary to run at the forecasted capacity for this year. Obviously marketing is busting their balls to bring in bigger contracts but it hasn’t happened yet. So management has decided layoffs will be necessary and has announced this to the staff. 

I’ve been told privately by my boss (manager over my department) that my position is protected but my coworker (we are both supervisors in the same department), who was hired 3 months before me, is constantly whispering and fear mongering to me about his concerns that regardless of what management says - we are on the block and the company is failing. He says he knows this cause he has seen it happen with other facilities he has worked at before.

The rational side of me says there is no way a plant that has been purchased by this massive company and just finished a million dollar investment project/remodel is going under and that my experience is valuable enough to spare me from the layoffs. Plus they would lose their 10k sign on bonus they just paid me. 

The paranoid side of me is of course convinced that I’m about to be jobless in a new city miles away from “home”. 

Extra random info: 

-I do have a bit of a cushion fund that would help me get home, my house is being rented back in my home state but I could crash with family for free while looking for work.

-My boss gave me a very positive 30 day review, and has made a point to have me sit down with his boss (director from corporate) and show him my current projects (he was happy with my progress) and my boss even introduced me to his boss’ boss, who was excited to have someone on board with my experience since it is so niche.

TLDR: relocated 12 hours away to a new city to work at a cool company with the explicit intent to help them overhaul a struggling department. 30 days in layoffs have been announced and now my coworker is convinced he and I are going to be caught up in the layoffs and/or the whole company is about to close down. I’ve never been fired or laid off before and am mildly paranoid about this possibility.

Am I just overthinking my coworkers fear mongering?