MY PARENTS HATE MY BOYFRIEND
backstory : 

my friends come over to my house really often and my parents were super nice to them and always invited them over. my family, parents and sister, are really friendly and my friends treat my family like their own and described it as their “ideal family”. i was only friends with 2 of them who were my classmates and they got closer to my sister eventually and hung out often without me since i was out a lot with my exes and was rarely home. one of my friend has a girlfriend and he brought her over to my house often too. then, his girlfriend brought another friend over (currently my bf) and they all hung out at my house with my sister and family. 

when i broke up, i stayed home really often and got closer to my sister and the mutual friends who are at my house a lot and we eventually hung out almost everyday. then things started going downhill. me and the guy who i wasnt really close to started to get closer and eventually had feelings for each other. my parents are okay with us being friends but specifically informed my friend’s gf to keep us apart and only stay as friends. but everyone else, my sister and my friends all shipped us together. we dated and eventually got together and the thing is...

MY PARENTS HATE MY BOYFRIEND!

since i study in a junior college in singapore, and JCs are apparently considered for the “smart ppl” in singapore due to the low scores u have to get for O levels. and my boyfriend, 19, while im 17, doesnt have a good educational status as compared to me. his family is really fucked up too. his parents are divorced, currently lives with his mom, stepdad, biological sister and 2 step sisters. however, his mother does not give him any allowance and does not pay for anything for him and even wants to kick him out. 

my boyfriend is really hardworking, nice and kind. he’s literally an angel sent to me. he works to support himself but its a freelance job and there are often he doesnt earn anything and i’ll have to provide for him. but i dont mind because i know he’s alr doing his best. when he earns, he takes me out to have food and pays, and buys me stuff too. im really grateful but most of the time i ask him to save it up. 

the reason why my parents hate him is because they look down on him. educational status, tattoos, smoke. but i swear on god he’s the sweetest and the most loyal person i’ve ever met. he’s not just a good boyfriend, whenever his friends are in need of help, he helps as much as he can. his friend was kicked out of home and needed a place to rent and was short of money so he lent $200 just to help her out. he puts other before self and i just feel that my parents should not judge someone based on how they are on the outside.

i have tattoos but do not smoke. my sister has tattoos and smokes too. i just dont like it that my boyfriend is being looked down on and HATED by my parents. my mother was diagnosed with depression because of me. she was so against it that she went full on CRAZY whenever my bf and i hang out. i feel so suffocated. i love my boyfriend so much but my parents dont understand that and my mother wants me to get back with my MENTALLY and PHYSICALLY abusive ex just because she thinks he understands me the most and loves me. and he’s also in JC, 19 too and lives in a landed property. i hate that my mother hates my bf and even wants me to get back with my crazy ex that she even became crazy herself!!! 

my bf and i talk abt the future and marriage a lot. and i cant help but overthink about it. although its a long way to go, i just cant help but think what will happen. if my parents hate my bf and his parents are NOT SUPPORTIVE AT ALL, i feel like me and my bf shld just have a wedding with friends and no relatives since friends were the ones who were supporting us all the way and not family. 

help please. what do i do? what is ur experience?