Living with my mother is ruining our relationship
Hi there, I’m 19 and I still live at home and lately my mother has become so unbearable. Me and my mom have always been really close but living with her is impossible, I don’t even know where to start. 
First of all my mom is really weird about the house being clean and tidy. She works full time and I can understand that coming home to a clean house is something that is appealing to her. I am the only person in the house who doesn’t work also so I understand where her expectations come from. I mostly stay with my boyfriend over night every night at his and then come back to mine in the morning to walk my dog and just have some time to myself. Normally I WILL tidy up all of the dishes that her, my brother and my dad used in the morning and just around the kitchen and the living room. Cool whatever. However today I generally just forgot to clean their dishes and I sh* t you not there was literally one plate a few forks and knives a cup and a grater. I came home at 11 am walked my dog and started painting. I love painting and I was really excited this new painting ive been doing so naturally I spent a good few hours on it. She came home and started shouting at me because I never did the dishes. Honestly if you were a third person watching the way my mum behaves sometimes you would think she was just joking. She just get so engulfed with rage when the house isn’t perfect and tidy and clean and its really affecting me now because the only time she ever opens her mouth it is to complain or shout. No one else thinks the house is messy its just her. And whenever I do do something for her there is no acknowledgement there she just expects it from me.Im so sick and tired of it I was having such a good day and then as soon as she walks in the door the nice energy in the room just disappears and its just poisoned with her constant nagging and negativity. After listening to her getting all up in my face telling me how lazy and selfish I am I try to explain to her the way she makes me feel and the way she behaves and she will just shut me down, walk away or slam a door in my face. She’s always the victim in everything and Im always the selfish lazy bitch of a daughter who doesn’t think of anyone else ever. The only reason I’m spending more time at home is because she told me to. She said I was spending too much time with my boyfriend and that she barely got to see me which honestly is probably for the best. She will go nuts if there are fingerprints on the fridge... I dont know but I feel thats a bit extreme. Im so done with it its just getting old and she only seems to be getting worse as time goes on. Usually I avoid confrontations with her and just do as she expects of me but its days like this where I slip up that literally make me want to run away so far from this house. My boyfriends mom is so chill and her daughter has cystic fibrosis so she is a stay at home mom. She is always so calm and her energy is amazing, im sure the last thing thats on her mind when she goes to sleep at night is if there are any dishes left in the sink and whos getting it in the morning....
I wish my mum could realize how much life she is WASTING by moaning all the time over such miniscule things, and how much it affects our family. No one wants to be around her when shes like that, but its just the way she is.
I know its a terrible thing for me to compare my mom to my bf’s but she’s just so much nicer to be around in a house environment.  Is there any way for me to just accept the way my mom is and for me to block out whenever she’s being difficult? I love her so much but I can’t live with her anymore:(( please help