Anyone else graduated, got in a 'career' and realise there was more to life than work?
It's probably the number 1 thing driving me into depression. I can't come to terms with the fact that as I'm coming to 30, never have I felt more certain that the idea of a 'career' or working for the rest of my life in some repetitive job just to support my housing, family and retirement, is just NO life.

I'm not sure if it's bad experiences, or not knowing what exactly it is I want to do. Heck, I'm being paid 55k, but have already decided I will resign before the end of the year, leave London, and move back to my hometown (where opportunities are limited). This is simply because, after several years of slaving it out in an office, I so desperately miss feeling PURPOSE in life. Whether that's living under mum's roof and feeling the love of living with my family, being at University, and being surrounded by some of the best friends and richest experiences, being young and adventurous, traveling. Living life. 

Ever since I graduated and got into the 'workforce', aka, sitting at my corporate desk all day every day, life has been a misery. Eeach and every day typically morphs into the same scenario, wake up early, feel tired, commute, spend x hours under intense stress, commute home, change, cook, wash dishes, maybe go gym, bed, repeat. Then the weekend. Even weekends are duller than they used to be because people are so busy or spend time with their other halves or whatever else.

I came to realise through a lot of self-reflection during lockdown, that it's not the job, or the industry (I changed industry to mix it up and try something new). I realised that selling all of my time just to receive a paycheck, is nonsense. To the point where I'd rather resign and be unemployed whilst preparing for long-term travelling. It's strange because I want someone to tell me I'm barking mad, to leave a nice paid 55k job in the city for what I want - but you can't help what you feel. I'd imagine it's like a gay person and bottling up their feelings and then eventually coming out. For me, the truest thing I feel in my heart is that I just don't want to work 9-5 for the rest of my life, full stop. I want more out of life than living for the weekend, than defining my life and value by my 'work'. I can't derive value from anything else because I spend 80% of my waking time at work/commuting. No job has ever brought me any sense of purpose in life. It just draws me down further, gradually.

I just think it's an incredble shame, that we spend our lives in the pursuit of careers, selling our health, our time, our relationships and everything else just to put money in the bank and jump on the old societal bandwagon of buying a house and settling down. I thought after going into uni and then into the exciting world of financial services, that I had life set. But suddenly, I could not want it less. Even the idea of spending 30 years paying off a mortgage disinterests me. I find it a grim and miserable idea. What's wrong with me? But scarily, there's no viable alternative. It seems though a lot of people around my age who think similarly travel, so that's what I'm considering also.

Any others feel the same way?