How do I get to the point of WANTING to get better?
TL;DR - Depressed for probably 10+ years. Heavy sucidal thoughts for about 5. Is there any chance of getting better if I don't even want to, or seeing the point of it?

Alright, gonna keep this as short as possible, since I'm tired of giving my life story and also I hate myself for whining about this and not pulling myself up. I'm a 32M from Sweden.

On the surface and in reality, my life is great. I got a job, I got a girl, I got an apartment. I got a dog. I'm healthy. I believe I'm quite intelligent (although it feels like depression has made me very much more stupider and I forget things all the time). I got it all. I can act all extroverted and social if the situation demands it. I have friends (although I barely keep in touch).

I just don't want to live. I see no point in me continuing doing so other than to not mess up the lives of my friends and family (or mostly my gf and my grandma, don't care too much about the others). I have a very detailed and thought out plan of how I would end my life, with small chances of failure. I know it's not the right thing to do, but it would just feel sooo good not to feel like a useless piece of shit who cares about no one. Who sees no future or no reason in moving on. Who gets hung up on all his failures and shortcomings. I come from a broken home with divorces, drug/alcohol/verbal and physical abuse. But I still consider my childhood to have been good. I had friends, I had fun.

Tried several different antidepressants in increasing doses over the course of 3 years. Only gave me side effects so I quit out of spite. Seen numerous doctors, psychiatrists and therapists. Only felt mocked and not taken seriously so I quit out of spite. Been admitted to the psychiatric ward (sry, google translate), a good place to get depressed by the way, but I talked my way out of there after a week.

I've tried quitting my job. Quitting my band. Quitting my girlfriend. Exercising. Eating healthier. But deep down I always knew I only made all these changes and sought help just so I could tick them off and in my suicide letter write "look, I tried all these things and they didn't work so I killed myself instead". Oh, and did I mention that I've only told my gf and my older sister about any of this, and getting to that took YEARS since I feel so embarrased and don't want people to get involved. They have both been supportive by the way, but I won't let them help me.

I read about people all the time saying "just muster through, it's worth it in the end", or "therapy saved my life", or "I know it feels dark right now...It'll get better", or "antidepressant X changed my mindset completely", or "these inspirational quotes and pictures of kittens made me rethink my life choices".But I just can't connect with or believe in that. And I know I sound like an immature spoiled brat in saying so. How does one find the motivation or the will to conquer this? I feel like giving up before actually starting the fight. It won't be worth it. I really can't see myself feeling proud, happy or satisfied about myself, or being the person I want to be. I really can't put words to my thoughts and feelings, it all sounds so banal.

I know a lot of people feel like this, like "no one understands me, it will not work for me, there is no help I can get" . I KNOW there is help I can get, although it hasn't for me yet. I KNOW it might get better if I put the time and effort into it. I just don't want to. I want to die. But I'm not allowed to and it pisses me off.

Ah shit, this turned into an unstructured, pathetic rant. Just read the TL;DR.