How can I move into social media working for a web dev company?
I'm mostly placed in sales, inside phone sales. While it's great and I get to talk to numerous businesses who are already fine with their sites, I can't just do this all the time. 

They've asked me for "ideas" on what to do to improve their social media. They are quite a specialized web service company, and the majority of their clients are in construction and firms. The chill college gent coworker seems like he's got everything on his hands and wouldn't necessarily want help, it could be that taking some work off his plate can give him some down time which will be boring since our manager is quite strict. 

This is just my hunch as it took him very quick to show me what he does: copy and paste from a built-in sheet, read a blog and copy a part of it to re-post. Make sure to use a picture, rinse and repeat. The manager and him were very keen on asking me: "so if you have any ideas for improving the social media, let us know".

I don't think they trust me enough with their social media, otherwise they would have personally gave me a role or a page to manage. How can I give them something that can actually give me another job? It would be neat to have a side-thing to do other than sales. As a casual social media user, who also happen to take multiple relative courses (regarding to social media) I have some ideas... Advice would be welcome...

1. Be their "graphic editor", I know AI and both of them do not. Basically, what I tried to do with small businesses as a freelancer was re-design their banners every now and then to fit the season, or even include deals as in writing 50% off on the top right of the banner

2. Be an auditor, I can search for irrelevant social media names/pages that they do not have a reach of (I actually don't want to do this) and report after, then what happens when I complete all?

3. A poll creator, basically have my set schedule on when to post a poll to ask followers, it's some form of engagement right? I could be "okay here is my poll, can you paste this code to their page please"?

Yes, it's the typical position in where he just copies and pastes and automates. I don't think the introduction to Hootsuite would fly as the main boss wouldn't want to spend extra, he mentioned to me of Followerwonk but I know these types of services cost a subscription and yes, I'd like the idea of introducing this once I insert myself as someone who "can be useful" in terms of social media. I need to write the two an email soon, but I've already wrote what I know about social media to the manager, after a couple of days, she introduced me to the social media writer guy.

Lastly, It's a little uncanny that they're just asking me for "ideas" but I think the work is already cut out for one person, but what do they mean by "improving"? I almost want to say that they were reluctant on introducing me a new job. I'd very much like to at least have something else to do, the boss has promised me to expand into social media, didn't actually expect that I'd be asked for "ideas to improve" if I haven't even gotten the chance to participate in their automation. At the same time, I'm still unskilled as I have no experience in social media, I'm just a sales clerk but would love to expand.

Any advice? Has anyone experienced something similar working with a small company?