Hiring managers and HR pros, how do you make salary, raise, and promotion decisions? What should I enforce as a manage and what should I expect as an employee?
Hey all, let's talk salary. I have a few questions about how different companies set salaries and give raises and promotions. I'm keeping this as brief as possible, but am happy to add more color if needed.

1) Hiring Managers: how would you characterize your salary setting philosophy? Meaning, how much weight to you place on a new hire's individual skills & strengths vs their "paper" resume (their degree, their industry experience etc). Also, does this change when related to internal candidates where the candidate may have a great track record within the company and very concrete proven skills demonstrated during their employment thus far, but a weaker paper resume and less industry experience? 

2) Salary increases: I'll give an example here. I had two hires for the same position. I hired one in at a higher salary rate due to prior experience and a very strong resume, but the 2nd (more entry level in the industry, originally hired at a lower rate) is fantastic and quickly outpaced the more experienced hire.  Over 1+ year this employee has proven to be more productive, self driven and innovative, and has also taken on a bigger workload. I want to increase this 2nd hire's salary to be more comparable to the more experienced employee, but am getting pushback because this more entry level employee still technically has less experience. Is this normal? Or, as the hiring manager for this position, should I be pushing harder for a raise for this employee? Assume budget isn't a limiting factor here. 

3) Internal Promotions: I've seen my current company manage internal promotions in two different ways,  and I'm curious which is more common practice (or if both are used commonly, or something else)

Lets say a current employee proves their skills & worth and is clearly ready for a promotion. There is a larger role needed,  and the employee is a good fit for growth. Assume budget isn't the issue here, just employee development. Do you....

A) Offer the employee the additional responsibilities and a title change, as well as a salary bump.

B) Give the employee the additional responsibilities. If they do well, offer them the title change and salary bump after they prove they can do the new job. 

C) Another option? Post the new job and do a formal hiring process? Anything else? 

Tldr: paper resume or proven skills, which has more impact on an employee's salary?