How do I accept that I have to work the rest of my life?
Hey all I didn't really know how to put the title but I'm a 25 year old and I am really struggling to wrap my mind around working my whole life still.

I've been working since I was 16 and have had quite a few different jobs since then ranging from a couple months to 3-4 years.

I recently started a job that is actually gonna set me up pretty comfortably for the future but I just cannot get used to the idea that I will be working the rest of my life. I have felt this way through all my jobs and family and friends say to suck it up this is how life gets but I just can't accept it.

I spend my whole days working and use my weekend to do nothing productive then feel bad on sundays when I have to go back to work on monday. The problem is when I dont do anything on the weekend i just usually game out and not really do anything. But even when I have weekend plans and spend the weekend away from home I don't feel relaxed. In fact I haven't found anything to occupy my times on weekends that makes me feel okay with going back to work.

I then get into this cycle of where I just can't stand it anymore and quit my job because of all the pressure.

All I can think of when im at work is coming home to game or hang out with people and then when my weekend comes all I can think about is all the million things I want to do and would rather do than go to work next week.


I have tried to use my own time to do things I am interested in but my job is quite physical and I spend most my time recovering on weekends and after work when my hobbies include exercising or being active.

90 percent of the jobs I have worked have all been physical jobs and I really don't want this to be the rest of my life. I have no real college or university experience I don't know what to do really.

I have tried talking to Councillors and work on bettering myself but after a few months I always feel the same way I do now and I really wish I could feel better about life. 

Sorry if this seems like a jumbled mess, just trying to work this off my chest. 


edit: Thanks everyone for the advice I have read it all today and will try to reply more when I have some time!