On all the "philosophical" admissions negativity...
The admissions process isn't fun. That's just a fact. But lately I've been seeing all these posts on A2C criticizing the process in a philosophical/"deep" way. I just wanted to address the trend. To the people who have been writing these: you're great writers, and I'm sure you'll go far in college and beyond. This isn't supposed to be a call-out post for you. I'm just trying to make the process a little better for everyone.
The admissions process might not be everyone's favorite thing (it sure isn't mine). Everyone has one part they hate more than the rest. For me, it's essays. I just can't seem to write them in the right way. For other people, it might be standardized testing, or ECs, or just schoolwork in general.

But here's the thing: **If you want to go to college, you have to apply.** There's no school that's going to magically show up at your door and offer you admission. If you want to go to college, you're in the application process right now. (If you haven't started your apps yet, close this window and open the common app.) If you're reading this, you probably want to go to college. So you have to apply. Yay! What does that mean? Cue the dramatic A2C posts...

*I've wasted the past 4 years working on homework and schoolwork in hard classes!*  
*I've spent time doing things I don't even care about just to look like a "good student"*  
*I had to take this super pointless test a bunch of times and waste my time and money!*  
*And now colleges want me to reduce myself into 600 words!!!*

I used to say stuff like that too, until I realized three key things: 

1. If you hate the process, you're doing it wrong.  
You don't have to love the College Board, or enjoy taking the SAT. But if you hate your extracurriculars, you probably picked the wrong ones. If you hate spending time in class, now you know what subjects you shouldn't major in. If you absolutely hate writing your essay, change the topic! You're not trapped in the things you do. You haven't "wasted your time". You've gotten one step closer to college, and learned things you'll need to know in the future - even if it's just what you don't want to study. So when you go off to college, you'll be better prepared for it. And who knows, maybe you even had some fun along the way. You know, just a little. :)

2. It's really not that deep.  
Colleges aren't reducing you to 600 words or a 4 digit number, as much as it might feel like it. The essay isn't asking you to condense yourself into 600 words. Honestly, you're already in the application. Your ECs, transcript, recommendations, accomplishments, and maybe interview all tell enough of a story. The essay isn't forcing you to fit yourself in a text box. It's giving you the opportunity to put your own voice in the application, and just talk to the admissions officers.  
In the same way, the numbers aren't everything either. Colleges look at your SAT and GPA (but not really GPA, more the transcript) to make sure you're academically prepared. But for most schools, the stats don't make the decision. They're just one way you can show you're ready and you've accomplished a lot. That can also come through in your ECs and recommendations. Don't stress about the numbers. You're so much more, and colleges know it.

3. (the most important one) Complaining doesn't get anything done.  
I'm not saying you can't complain. Complaining is fine, and honestly it's healthy. But don't get yourself so worked up about the process as being "horrible" and "unfair" that you lose all motivation to work on your apps. I've been there. My friends used to go on and on about how awful the process was, and it made me lose some of my motivation to get them done. If you're positive about the process, you'll have so much more motivation, and writing those apps becomes so much easier. Just try it out for a couple days. You'll see the difference.

So just remember: The process isn't all that bad. It is what it is, and if you want to get to college, you have to make the most of it. Even though it's perfectly fine to complain, don't worry too much about how "awful" it is - just focus on how great your applications are going to be! :)

now go work on your apps lol