Pretty Toxic Work Environment
Happy Tuesday/Wednesday!

I am a grad student at a prestigious university in the US. I am also a student worker in the online exam department and my job consists of answering student/professor/proctor emails, processing exams, and monitor students during exams. Sometimes, the workplace requires a lot of patience because it's so hectic and at other times, we can leave early. Anyway, our office consists of both staff and student workers, and lately, there has been a lot of tension between certain staff and students. For example, apparently everything in the common areas are only supposed to be used by certain people and this information was not given to us at the start of the job. I speak on behalf of the student workforce that we were not informed and we were using their coffee maker. So, how is it fine for them to use everything in our common area, but we can't touch a single thing in their common area? Like they have a fridge downstairs that they use,. yet they still feel the need to crowd our with all their crap (most of it has to be thrown out at the end of the week because it rots). I do not think this is fair or mature. 

Another thing the staff started complaining about regarded the fact that students left early on certain days. The policy for us is that we can leave early if there are no exams to process or if there are no emails: last Friday there were none and so a co-worker and I left 30 minutes early. I do not see how this is any concern of the staff, since they are not in charge of us. Only one staff person is our supervisor and, in the beginning, he permitted all of these behaviors. Also, it's a FRIDAY. So, like chill and mind your own damn business. 

A lot has been bothering me at this job. Not just these minor problems, but also how my boss has been editing our hours. The max we can work a week is about 25 hours. For example, I used to have three shifts a week consisting of 8 hours a day. That amassed about 24 hours, but once a month, we are required to work at least one Saturday for about 4 hours. Now, when you have amassed 24 hours for that week and you add in another 4 hours, you are at 28. The boss always said to allocate those hours somewhere else, but when I already work full shifts, there is nowhere I can place those extra hours to ensure that I get paid. Honestly, its bullshit and I reported everything to HR. They are in the process of investigating as we speak. 

&#x200B;

Other than the hours editing and the petty passive aggressive attitudes that get from others here, I have really been disappointed by this university staff's work ethic and the people they hire. Like what kind of twisted example are you trying to set? Half the staff in my department are extremely racist, they are very disrespectful, immature, and they are not appreciative of students who literally pick up their shit and cover the staff's asses. 

&#x200B;

I am really burnt out and disappointed.