I’m a member of the US Army, let me help you protect yourself against relationship fraud.
Background: I am U.S. Army infantry soldier with four deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan. I was lucky enough to see some cool stuff in my life. We always had a camera on hand or some combat photographer who traveled with us. I collected hundreds of photos during my travels.

I become a recruiter temporarily for the Army. This is known as a Department of the Army Selected Recruiter (aka DA Select Recruiter). It’s a 3 year commitment and then you go back to your job. Part of being a recruiter is having a social media presence. A professional Facebook page or something like that you can post your recruiting stuff to and photos of your “Army story”. I had hundreds of photos of on my FB page. I’m now back at my normal job and no longer a recruiter so I deleted my social media page.

I first found out my pictures where being used for scamming a few years ago. A nice older lady contacted me (50’s). She has had a relationship with a fake me for sometime. She couldn’t believe I was actually a real person. The fake me was in Iraq and then recently moved to Africa to fight terrorist. The fake me needed money after a few months because I was almost out of food because the “bad guys” destroyed it and I was running low on bullets. Thank god she was smart enough to look further into my pictures and found the real me. I looked up my name and 11 fake accounts popped up in Facebook. The name was usually slightly misspelled or maybe Rank was different or first name was different. Some where easy to delete and others not so easy and Facebook refused to delete them for sometime. Even having friends and family report them did no good.

It end up getting to the point I would have to search my own images and variations of my name monthly. I’d have those accounts deleted and wait another 30 days to do it all over again. The scammers then moved to other social media platforms. Dating websites/apps, Instagram, and so on. To many for me to look into so I just waited until another women would contact me letting me know she has been dating the fake me for sometime on whatever app. My pictures are all over the Internet now and used regularly. I have even seen a fake Department of Defense Military ID used to make the scam more believable. I’ll add a link to it later once I find a good place to host since r/dating doesn’t allow pictures.

So now I’m here to maybe answer some questions and give you advice on how to be safe from the fake me. 

1) Every service member has a base. Normally those bases are local known as CONUS (continent of the US) and a few have some OCONUS (outside the continental US). CONUS would be like Fort Benning GA, Fort Drum NY as examples. OCONUS would be like Germany, Italy, Kuwait, Alaska, Hawaii are common ones. Other services would be similar just different locations. This leads to #2

2) Regardless of service NO ONE is stationed in Iraq or Afghanistan or any combat zone permanently for multiple years. Deployments usually last 1 year or less depending on service before they go home to their main base mentioned in #1. Navy do like a 6 month deployment on ships, Army rate now is 9 months to a year, Air Force maybe 3-6 months and so on. It all depends on their mission, but no one is deployed for multiple years to a combat zone, not even the super super secret Special Forces guys. CIA May be different but those guys wouldn’t tell you they are CIA or even have pictures on the Internet. If your in the other branches feel free to add in your deployment length. 

3) We don’t need anything. The military takes care of us well. They will never leave us high and dry starving in a foreign country. If a “service member” asks you for money its automatically fake. If he is real and stateside and asking for money he is a looser.  You should stop contact them immediately because he isn’t someone you want in you life.

4) Fake ID, I recently have received a fake ID card of me. It’s laughably bad but to an untrained eye it may look very real. No person in the military will send their CAC Card (Military or Department of Defense ID) to a strange lady. If they do then once again they are an idiot and not someone you would want to associate with.

5) People in the military while not deployed have normal lives. I goto concerts, shop for groceries, wash my car, wear civilian clothes. I don’t live Army 24/7 and wear my combat uniform or dress uniform every waking moment unless deployed. If he shows up on a Saturday night wearing a dress uniform for a date he’s a fake. Our work hours are normally 6am to 5pm on average. There might be some slight differences in time depending on duty but that’s a normal service member schedule. A Military Police Officer or someone working as a nurse might have odd hours but your average person has a pretty set schedule unless something “special” is going on. Only time besides deployment someone might wear their uniform 24/7 will be if they just entered the military and are going through boot camp, basic training or a military training school, those are only temporary though.

6) Other service members can’t look up anyone else record. Don’t call your local recruiting station and ask is this person real. There is no database we have access to that will give us that information. Only thing you can do is if something seems wrong have a friend who is a vet or service member tag along on your date and shoot the shit with him (valor check). It’s kinda bad taste but better safe then sorry. OR you can do it yourself by asking for their military email. It’s not top secret to give it out. For the Army it usually looks something like First.MI.Last.mil@mail.mil. Notice the .mil at the end and not gmail.com? If I was wanting to be a douch and use my military status for the ladies why would I care if someone sent me an email to my easily accessed military email account? I’d be like sure.

Please vote this to the top and spread the word and maybe save a friend from heart ache or financial ruin. I know my grammar sucks and I probably have some serious typos. This is what late night reddit posting on a phone looks like.

Now for AMA.