This will get lost in a sea of Suicide notes
I’m using this to say exactly how I feel cause I know no one will see this. 

The last time I was genuinely happy was when I was 5.. then my grandfather died. I was extremely close to him and after his death things just weren’t the same, fast forward to 7th grade my father whom I was never close to despite living in the same house decided to slowly leave his family for another family and left my mom and I alone, then my mother took him back which kissed me off and caused me to an angry child who didn’t trust anyone... which probably caused me to never have a real relationship cause I never feel good enough and I can never fully trust them. Anyways I was always socially awkward/ shy and didn’t have a lot of friends but I have 3 childhood best friends I can at least say I have but as we’ve gotten older and everyone is moving on with their lives I feel stuck. 

My life began to really fall apart in the fall of 2017 ( my second year of college) when I began to rapidly lose the vision in my left eye due to a condition I have that I didn’t even know about until the year before but the doctors said I shouldn’t worry to much about it, due to the loss of my vision in that eye I had 2 eye surgeries to try and repair it but they didn’t work which shocked the doctors. I took a semester off of school to recover and came back in hopes to finish school, then in February of this year the vision in my right eye began to slowly go away. I had to quit my job and leave school and move back in with my parents to try to “ heal”..

I eventually got a job ( which I hate with a passion) and became stuck... then I got into a car accident and totaled my car so now I’m carless. I want to go back to school and get a new car but I feel like what’s the point if I won’t be able to see in a few months, everyday when I wake up before I open my eyes I think “ am I going to be able to even see”. It sucks because surgery won’t work, I’ve tried the holistic approach too and I’m still just slowly losing my sight. I really took things like that for granted.  My parents put me in therapy and it has caused me to face things but with my looking at the bigger picture I’m like what’s really the point? 


I’ll have 3 days of me feeling like myself and”happy” then it’ll be weeks of me in a deep depression wanting to kill my self or hoping I’ll die. I told my mother I want to kill myself before I go completely blind because I couldn’t live like that ( respect to those that are blind and live cause y’all are strong.. even though y’all can’t see this) so I said I’m going to see how the rest of the year plays out cause I’m not going into 2020 like this, but it’s like when I try to get my shit together nothing goes right, I had my heart set out for this new job and everyone there was like you got the job, the supervisors liked you, the employees recommended you, etc... no call back ( I was supposed to get one yesterday if I got the job) that was my breaking point. 

That job really was a push for me to keep going but now that I didn’t get it I feel stuck again, I feel like I sound stupid and dramatic and I know this is worded horribly but I guess I’m just writing my jumbled thoughts out. I’ve been looking up easy ways to kill myself but I’ve seen that there are none... if I had a gun I’d just shoot myself, I looked up ODing on pills but it’s hit or miss and the miss will fuck you up, I thought about hanging myself but I’m black and I’d feel weird idk lol, I think about driving into oncoming traffic and hoping I’ll die but I don’t want to total my dads car cause that’s his property, I thought about cutting myself but I’ve read that that’s a slow death. 

It’s like why is it so hard to die when you want to but when life is going good then you get sick, or die, etc. I guess I sound like a bitch cause I want to die but I don’t want to feel any pain but I guess I’ll have to feel pain in the process cause afterwards they’ll be no more pain. There’s like so much going on in my head and so much to write but idek what to say tbh even though I already said a lot, all in all I’m just so tired. Tired of crying myself to sleep, crying to work, crying at work, crying alone at home, and crying myself to sleep. I’ve been trying to disconnect myself from people but it’s like I still crave human interaction that’s why I feel like a fraud cause I want to be alone but I don’t to feel alone. 

This whole thing probably doesn’t even make any sense but I’m just writing out my thoughts. No one will see this anyways or even read all of this anyways. At first I was giving myself till the end of the year but now I’m just trying to find the best method to end it.