Stressed about not having enough time/prioritizing
I am constantly stressed about not using my time right. I am a kind of person that always have lots of interests and projects, and I feel like I never have enough time to do them all, and I also feel a constant pressure to spend more time on each one. A lot of times this leads me to not doing any of them, because I cannot really choose one. Those times it's like I don't even really want to do any of them, but I feel like I should. I also find it hard to start on one of them because by choosing one, I am choosing not to do a bunch of other things. Paradoxically, this leads to not doing anything which is an even worse waste of time, and that generates even more stress.

The stress makes me on edge, restless and angry. Especially when certain unexpected things happen that needs my time. I get angry with having to do something I don't want to do, when I don't feel like I have the time to do the things I want to do. I also find it hard to just relax. Right now, I am stressed that I spent 10 minutes writing this post, instead of doing some of the things I "should" be doing.

The strange thing is that none of these projects are really important. They can be things like get better at Fortnite, or practice playing the guitar, or even read a book. I know that, in the greater picture, none of these things really matter a lot, but that doesn't really help, because I still *feel* like those things are important. I actually value the idea of doing/learning lots of stuff, so I wouldn't want to become a person with no, or just a few, interests. I have tried a billion different ways to prioritize and manage my time, but it doesn't work (and I suspect it's because time management isn't really the issue here).

Maybe I just have to accept that being a person with lots of projects (a person i want to be), inevitably leads to stress about not doing it all. My brain knows that I cannot have my cake and eat it too. i wish my feelings would have the same knowledge.