Poverty Finance essentials
I did a top posts of all time search looking for a few good pieces of PF advice. I figure I would start a conversation today regarding some PF essentials. Hopefully this thread will help lay a good foundation to start (or continue) our journey towards financial freedom.  

Things that I learned from this sub and have implemented:

1. Spend less: Pretty obvious but you would be surprised how much spending we do when we are not conscious of spending money. 

2. Make a budget and stick to it: I count calories in order to lose weight on a weekly basis. I applied the same concept to spending money. I can only spend X amount on groceries, X amount at a coffee shop, X amount when I go out, etc. 

3. Get on a plan to pay off debt: Paying credit card debt can take some months, even years, but the more CC debt you pay down (and not add too) the more the debt will decrease. If you stick to a payment plan and are disciplined it is just a matter of time before your cards are paid off. Also, if you have school loan debt seek out forgiveness options. Thanks to this sub I was able to get on a 10-year plan to have my debt forgiven. 

4. Find a low-cost lifestyle: Nights out in the club and checking out the new movie releases every week can crush a budget. Some cheaper options for entertainment I’ve enjoyed include reading at the library (or coffee shop), writing on a blog (free on WordPress), playing fighting games (high cost of entry but once established it is “free” to play and improve), and not drinking alcohol.

5. Get in shape: I feel it is easier to deal with being poor if you are shredded compared to if you are in bad health. Working out has really helped me with the day to day stress of dealing with denying myself in an effort to save more money. Also, make sure you are getting an adequate amount of sleep. If you suffer from insomnia or struggle to sleep look into remedies (meditation, consistent bed time, exercise, journaling). 

Any other pieces of wisdom will be appreciated!