Me and my partner are both depressed, but him much more than me
i've(20m) been with my boyfriend(21m) for a little over 2 years. 

i've always struggled with depression on and off through my life and suffered some severe trauma as a kid. i haven't been to a therapist more than twice in my life.

my partner has had depression ever since he was a kid, he says it's been constant and sometimes he doesn't notice it as much but he says he's always been very depressed. he has never been to a therapist.

we struggle a lot with our relationship. i want so bad to help him and make him feel better. we're a great pair, add a lot to eachother, and understand each other's problems and worries really well. but, while i feel i can kinda manage my depression and it hasn't stopped me from functioning before, he is completely debilitated. 

a lot of the things we do together seem to make him upset, bored, or irritated - and these are some of our favorite things to do together. i've felt that way before too, and i understand he's just as frustrated as i am, but i feel lost when it happens and i dont understand how i can fix it.
i have a really strong fear of abandonment and i cling really hard onto him when i'm at my worst. it's really bad because when he's upset he pulls away, he's afraid of hurting me and others and he directs all his frustration inwards. but by pulling away i pull him harder and its a vicious cycle that leads to us crying and me freaking out, having a near panic attack because he's been ignoring me. 

i don't know how to help him, how to be there for him, i dont even know how to help myself. i let him know he can talk to me and he does and i usually end up trying to give advice. sometimes i just listen but i dont know what to say afterwards, i know he doesnt want advice but how else do i respond or stop the conversation from hitting dead silence or repetetive uh-huh's. 

i love this man, he's the love of my life. i want to spend forever with him. but im terrified of losing him, of hurting him, of failing him. 
how can we support eachother? how do i try and comfort him, and how do i communicate what i need without fear of being too needy?

right now we are both very poor and in college. i have a free therapist on campus i can visit, but his school doesnt have that and he would have to pay to visit a therapist, which we absolutely cannot afford.