Thinking about pivoting and changing fields for my PhD, is this a good idea?
I was an elementary school teacher for several years before going back to school for my MA (currently in my second semester, will finish May 2021). Over the past few years I've lost interest in teaching, pedagogy, etc, and become more interested in things like management, leadership, workplace culture, and so on, as they relate to education. I won't be the only teacher/former teacher to tell you that many admin/principals leave a lot to be desired and border on incompetent 

I'd been thinking about doing my PhD in educational leadership after I finished my MA, but after doing research into programs, I realized it's not quite what I'm looking for. A few days ago I was joking with my brother that I should just get a degree in business management, then started looking more seriously into the idea. I discovered Organizational Behavior, which is a lot closer to what I'm interested in. For example, a description from Washington University, one of the schools I'd be interested in:

*Olin’s Organizational Behavior program examines how individuals and groups affect and are affected by organizations and the people in them. As an Organizational Behavior PhD student, you’ll study organizations from multiple viewpoints, methods and levels of analysis—delving into management, leadership, negotiation, team development and conflict management, among other areas.*

This is exactly what I'd like to study, and I think it could be molded towards education as well. I know some people would think this is a random move or that you can't mix business with education, but frankly, I feel this would be a better bet for me rather than going the more traditional route

The other thing is that education is really insular - in my years as a teacher it felt like everyone was more or less mining from the same idea well, had similar attitudes/mindsets, etc. I can't speak about other fields, but public education is in desperate need of fresh ideas and perspectives, and I think having a blend of experience in the classroom as well as a background in business management could help me achieve that

What do you all think? Again, I know it seems like a left field move, but I think it makes sense (or at least, isn't completely random)