My professor is terrible, I have no support from my school, and after finishing everything but my thesis I'm tempted to walk away.
Hello all,

I’ve been debating posting on different subreddits for probably the last 2 years, but I’m a bit timid on social media and haven’t felt like it. However I am truly struggling with dealing with the stress of grad school and a major professor that I feel has overstepped his bounds. For a little background I am in my last few months of my master’s degree in engineering. At this point all I have to do is finish up my thesis. I have defended and while I passed the oral defense, my thesis needs some work.

For further background I have been working on my degree for 2.5 years now. The first year of my degree I was being paid but I turned down further payment because working with my professor is so distressing that I would rather go into debt than let him continue to manipulate me. Over the year I worked for him he continually threatened to take away my funding if I wasn’t available at any time he wanted. I mean I’d wake up to emails sent at 1 am telling me that if I didn’t respond he’d kick out of the program. I got to a point that when I’d hear my phone email notification go off that I’d break out in tears. He’s called me names (manic, a witch, schizophrenic). He has insulted my relationship and family (called my long term SO worthless and if he was my father he’d have some serious concerns about me dating the person I am). For context my SO is very caring and basically cooks for me every night since I don’t have time to make my own food. My professor has also lied to me about requirements on my degree causing me to waste 800 dollars on worthless credits. One time I tried to bring up to him how stressed I was and how I wasn’t managing the work load and he told me “This is good, mental breakdown is up here, and I need you right, here just below it.” While motioning with his hands at the levels of stress and the “correct” amount of stress being just scraping the mental breakdown line.

I have tried to bring issues up with student services and the office of graduate studies but I have received no help. I have talked to other teachers in my department (he is the department head), and have received no help. I have been told I can either bow down to his wishes or drop.

I’m not a terrible student. I might not be the best, but I am certainly not even the worse out of his students. I am the major author on a published paper and my research has received praise from many other teachers and students. I know part of the problem is I took an internship last summer and have remained there working part time. Half the reason I took it was I needed a break from the grad school mania. My professor doesn’t like this because it means that I have less time for him, but I love my job. They want me to work there full time when I graduate or potentially work at our sister site on the other side of the nation. Also I have only been in 3 credits since last spring so working part time hasn’t really taken me away from required work at school. And my professor did approve the position before I accepted it.

I am at a loss of what to do. Even with my defense last week he hadn’t read my thesis (I gave the first draft to him over a month and a half ago). He’ll flip through a few pages, see that I don’t have a schematic he wanted in the introduction, and hand it back as ‘unacceptable’. It’s a 100 page document, I think it takes a little more time than 2 minutes to evaluate. He has told me that he wants my introduction to be part of a literature review that he can publish once I am gone so even if it’s not applicable to my research he wants certain things in it. He has certain visions for graphics that I’ve tried my best to create, but they are what he wanted so he’ll hand it back. These graphics aren’t even applicable to my research half the time.

I’m just so tired. I have threatened to drop in the past, which is when I took those extra credits. The credits were for a plan B so that I wouldn’t have to do a thesis just a report. When I later asked him about things he told me that the credits ‘were just a placebo to make you feel better’. I have no help from my school and I’m so tempted to just walk away. Any advice would be great, though just writing things down has been helpful in venting.

TLDR: My professor is an ass, he has lied to me, and I have no help from my school. I really want to graduate (only have to get my thesis done), but I am also really tempted to just walk away.