It gets better and I’m living proof :) you can do it
(TW: I include some old journal entries which include a lot of self hate/suicidal thoughts) 

The last couple years have been ROUGH. I’ve struggled with depression, ptsd, anxiety, and a whole array of other issues. I’ve been abused to the max in every category. I have known the deepest, darkest depths of pain possible for someone to go through. I went through a really rough time this year. 

To give an idea of where my headspace was at, Ive copies some old journal entries below. 

“I have tried all my life to make up for the worth I was born without. All of it has been in vain. Worth is something intrinsic not earned. Shit will always be shit no matter how much you dress it up. That’s what I am - a worthless piece of shit.” 

“I am in so much pain and I am so tired all the time. I can’t sleep, my body won’t let me eat, my mind won’t let me rest, my soul is too broken to be repaired and it’s becoming more and more painfully obvious every day.” 

“I just want to be loved. I know I’m not good enough to be loved, but my heart breaks and longs to know what it’s like to be whole and to be wanted. I desperately want to be loved.” 

“Nothing keeps the pain at bay anymore. I used to be able to drink or smoke it away but now I can still feel it. It’s presence is dulled but there nonetheless. It’s like my lungs can never get enough air, never enough of my soul can escape the pit inside me to start actually living. Why the fuck am I here. Why the fuck am I alive.” 

These are just a couple of the many, many entries I have. I hated myself and was SO depressed. There were so many days I couldn’t get out of bed or even convince myself to eat. It was hard and there were so many days I just wanted to give up. But I didn’t. And I am so thankful I kept going. 

Now, I am celebrating my first anniversary with the love of my life. I have amazing friends i adore. I am about to graduate college with honors. I absolutely adore my soon to be in law family. I have adorable pets. I am genuinely happy. I actually love and like myself. I’m excited for tomorrow and actually want to be alive! Honestly, life is pretty great right now. Not that it doesn’t have its challenges, but it’s so worth it. 

My life is unrecognizable when I compare it to the season I was in when I wrote those things in my journal. It has been hard. I have done a lot of work in counseling and on my own. For a while every day was a struggle. But now, it’s not. The days are getting easier, my depression has gotten further and further away, I have genuine and contagious hope. I made it out and hot dog I fucking LOVE life. 

If you’re reading this and you need some encouragement today, please take my story as proof that anyone can overcome this. I know it’s hard, especially with so many people in isolation and in quarantine. But I promise it’s worth it to keep going. You have no idea how good life can be on the other side unless you give it a chance. Your life and your future are worth fighting for. You are strong, you are an overcomer and you can do this. 

I believe in you and I am proud of you for making it this far :) I hope my story can serve as encouragement for somebody who might need it. I really do promise it’s worth it. The fight is hard, but keep fighting. The victory is well worth the effort. Keep on fighting loves.