I'm 18 and hilariously bad with girls - yet I get the feeling that I can move forward, I'm just too anxious to do so
I already feel sorry for posting this, as it is quite a cliché story about that German dork that gets along well, but just doesn't has any luck with girls. **If you have something better to do, then please skip this post**; I'm neither depressed nor even remotely suicidal, I don't have problems that could be life-shattering, I just don't have any balls. This is a long story and I don't even know if there is a response out there that could really help me, or whether I just need to man up.

Ah, well, let's start. I'm an 18 year old male from Germany, slightly chubby but pretty normal, who just finished school past month. I guess you could say I'm a stereotypical computer guy - I enjoy working with tech and learning new related things, my room looks like a nerd cove with a multi-monitor setup, a RasPi as media player and a cheap home server tucked under the bed, complimented with a Skyrim map and Anime wallscrolls.

Now, while I don't really get along with most girls that good, guys don't seem to mind. I really wasn't unpopular in school, it's just that my circle of friends consists mostly of males, with a few girls in between that I actually get along with; although those are mostly the kind of girls who prefer male friends.

A good friend of mine kind of hooked me up with a prom date who I'd say was quite a bit above my league, but we got along nicely and she really didn't seem to mind. We started hanging out together, despite her living a ~15min car route away, and this is the point where I don't really know what to do. Most initiative originates from her, like inviting me to her home after grabbing a snack together, showing me funny parts of her diaries or saying that we should go watch a movie at my house tomorrow and then watch the sequel at the movies thereafter. 

As can be guessed from the title, I'm hilariously bad at reading signals, so I really don't know whether she wants to be good friends or maybe more. I'm entirely unsure on how I would find this out without fucking this up good, and I wouldn't know how to handle the situation if she actually would like to be more than friends, seeing that I never entered a serious relationship and don't even know how to kiss.

Considering she actually appears to like my slightly smartass comments from time to time as well as my general attitude, I thought about just asking her, as casual as possible, maybe at the movies. She might handle that better than other girls, seeing as she's not a mobile phone zombie playing hard-to-get like most girls appear to me, but rather straight-forward. It's just that I fear that the situation gets as awkward as possible and she'd refrain from wanting to meet me again, even if it would be on a "just friends" base.