Being ignored on social media
I realize that this is a relatively trivial matter amongst other people's posts here, but I need to get this out of my system and no one I know is available to listen to me.

Basically, being isolated in lockdown has made me wanna reach out to high school friends I haven't talked to in a few months. I didn't have many friends in high school, was extremely socially awkward, but I reached out to this one girl on Messenger who I hang out with whenever I go home from college. It went great at first. She responded enthusiastically, seemingly reciprocating my desire to connect back with her after a while.

She doesn't respond to my messages for days after I send mine. It's fine because I thought that she just doesn't go on Facebook/Messenger much which is the same for me (though I do get notifications on my phone for Messenger, so I don't do the responding-after-days thing). She was really nice when I knew her better, so I wasn't concerned over her late replies.

Well, I went on the app for a rare occasion today because I wanted to tell her news about people from high school, but I saw that the app said she was last online 3 minutes ago. And it's been nearly a week since I last messaged her. And she still hasn't looked at my messages yet.

Now, I might be overthinking and misunderstanding, but I'm pretty sure she's ignoring me.

At first, my heart was racing because I was embarrassed about being so excited to talk to her after a while. Then, I was just laughing/scoffing because of the absurdity. I was bursting to tell her the news and it seems that she doesn't care to talk with me. Now, I'm just like meh but also low-key insulted.

Oh well. I hope I'm not affected too much by this because I'd hate myself if I couldn't go to sleep tonight ruminating over this.

I also realize that I might be overreacting because she does have a tendency to not reply after a few days. But also, who goes on Facebook/Messenger and purposefully ignores messages? Maybe it's a thing. I don't know. Do people have so many friends that their notifications are backlogged for days by the sheer number of messages they receive? I doubt it. Maybe I'm just too friendless and it's actually more common than I expect. See, this is what tonight is gonna be like for me. I'm not gonna sleep. I hate this.