Some concerns from a high schooler
Hello /r/studentaffairs,


I am a teenager in his late teens, and naturally, I am concerned about post-secondary education. However, this isn’t about what should I expect, or any other typical questions that a high schooler has. But this is about some concerns with policies that are enforced on campuses like Penn. State, Yale, etc. Those policies are“safe spaces” (more importantly), memos about non-biased phrases, trigger warnings, and other politically correct rules. Now, I can see some legitimate grounds were these policies were established, but for the most part, it seems like this is just a way to silence opposing opinions. 


The reason why I considered this as concerning, is because from what I imagined as a college or university campus: very challenging, extremely exhausting, and yet, philosophical and a way to broaden avenues of thinking. But these safe spaces and guides to unbiased speech seems like the opposite. A way to not shield yourself, but to completely separate yourself from those very concepts. Yes, no will deny that life as a college student, or life as a whole, can be awful time-to-time at the least. But you are supposed to overcome those challenges. From those burdens and challenges, you grow a better work ethic, while thinking more critically.


Don’t get me wrong, this isn’t entirely that bad to me. I could understand that some could feel out of place and want to go to a place where they feel more comfortable. That by itself, seems like a perfectly just reason to provide safe spaces, but to be honest, I’d more inclined under a different label than “safe spaces.” But these places seem like they are used to completely remove  yourself from reality. A place where no one will criticize you, regardless if you’re in the wrong, or were giving terrible points. A place where black students can separate themselves from white students, and where female students and transgender students can separate from male students and no one else. That alone, should be highly discouraged at the minimum. This doesn’t seem like an environment that is very good for an education. I don’t think a place where my freedom of speech is restrained, and any opposing opinions I might have will be dismissed, is considered an optimal learning environment.


Anyways, I know this won’t apply to all schools. I’d imagine that you’ll won’t see protests hosted by feminists at a technical school where people earn welding certifications and engineering degrees. But am I wrong? Am I overreacting? I’d appreciate some thoughtful comments.