My name is Tyler, that’s my real name this is my only account, I’m highly suicidal, have been since I was about 6-7 years old, I’m 26 now and it’s different now. I’m going to tell you my story in a new attempt to gain enough relief to fall asleep tonight. Thanks for reading if you do <3

Growing up, I was always a really weird kid. I distinctly remember that I had just seen the world differently. It seemed that my imagination had a bigger play in my life than most. Me and a friend in kind garden would squeeze batteries in our hands and pretend that we were Mario or Pokémon because neither of our families could/would buy us a game console but we were exposed to them by relatives and tv. It was so simple back then and looking back so pure,  but it felt like we were there. We didn’t have what other kids had to have fun so we became those things. As far as I know I was a decent enough kid however when my brother came along around age 4, we would fight, I would hurt him, not bad (typically young brother bs) but still enough to get beaten from my father when he got off work. My father more so was (he is still with us) a rigid, traditionally Hispanic in parenting, angry, regretful person. When he was in the house there was always a strange energy of danger even if nothing was going on. It was better to just stay quiet. This didn’t really work because my younger brother soon learned that it was an easy win when we’d bicker to just cry out loud, our dad would come in, beat my ass and I would curse my brothers name for doing so but alas it would get me to stop. My real last memory of child abuse before my teens is about 15 seconds of my dad putting me in a corner on the ground, telling me if I wanted to fight to put my hands up and when I did to just shield myself he pummeled me with closed fists. I was around 10 years old, maybe give or take a couple years, not sure, I have terrible memory of most my life. As I got older, my brother and I actually started bonding, he liked the way I started standing up to our dad no matter how bad I was beat down. He’s told me i inspired him. My mom btw is/was awesome, but didn’t really do much except yell to stop from the sidelines or leave the room since she couldn’t bear to watch. I can’t blame her, not much negativity felt towards her for I know she unconditionally loves me and that must’ve been a tough and traumatic experience for her as well. Moving forward, I’m a decent student, normally averaging around low A’s my brothers straight A’s if not 100’s, not much of a big deal there, my mom started adding incentives once we grew into our early teens (for every A we got in a semester she’d give us like 10 dollars or something, it was dope so we did well). Through out life I feel like I found connections that I would replace for my fathers love, through friendship. I grew very close and desperately wanted to fit in with my friends. I would spend hours out of the house riding bikes around the neighborhood doing dumb lil kid shit, but it was a really freeing time out I remember. Fast forward, around when I was 14, my brother 11 my mom bought me a bass guitar because I had been getting into random enough Japanese rock from the anime I would watch and to me the bassist was always the most bad ass and going crazy member, my brother came along and she bought him a guitar spur of the moment, figured it would help us bond. It did. It really did and I thank everything in this world for those times that followed because they were hands down the best years of my life. I was a shitty bassist and soon transitioned over to wanting to be a singer and my brother excelled at guitar, going onto be called a prodigy by everyone from teachers, producers and most of the respected music industry people we would eventually encounter. But at the time he was my little brother and being a fresh teen thought it would be wack to have my 11 year old brother in the band. I started a couple bands, the second one introducing my brother in as lead guitar. This was a turning point.

Back to family life, my dad started to realize he was aging and I was starting to gain my testosterone fueled teenage body, this didn’t stop anything, but only extended our fights into actual fights. My dad, a correction officer, doing manual labor his whole life handed my ass to me every time. All while telling me to kill myself and how no one loved me and I was a mistake. Nothing like this was said to my brother, unless in terms of how I’ve manipulated him into becoming just like me. I became a bit of a shitty protector of the house hold, two accounts stick out immeasurably to me. The first being (funny kind of a call back to how my brother would yell for my dad to come) my brother was upstairs and screamed Tyler help dad just hit me. In a blind fury, i bum rushed my dad onto the floor, commanded my brother to hold his arms down and pummeled him in his face, chest, balls, anywhere i could hit before he brother free all while yelling the likes of “it used to just be me, that’s where you should’ve left it”. It was a powerful moment. My father spent the rest of the week walking downstairs like a caged tiger screaming and laughing about how he was going to kill me. ‘‘Twas still a sweet victory. No fear.

I’ll speed up the rest: me and my bro made a band, everyone betrayed us, we made another and took full control of who was in it, wrote all the music, what we looked like, who we recorded with, and what not. With his help i created a two year plan to get signed to a label called Fearless Records. We played metal. It was therapeutic and empowering stuff to play after everything you’ve read thus far. 

We did it in four months.

I got a text by our newly acquired manager that we had been offered a deal by the label of our dreams. I cried and got sent home early. A record that I wrote all the lyrics to and my brother wrote all the music to, all fueled by the hate and distinction of our father son dissonance. It was the biggest victory a small town probably has seen, at least our small town. Every time he said we were garbage, we should try something else, i couldn’t sing and my brother should play something nice. Every time he laid a hand on us, put into songs and we did it in four months! Still makes me proud to this day man. 

Btw, this isn’t a story about my father.
He is not the reason I want to kill myself anymore.

The label fucked us over, made us record 3 different records each time hating something that they previously wanted and we called it quits. Our deal was good n no need to recoup anything, just disband.

This is where whatever is inside me to this day was brought into this life. A foe I don’t know if I can beat this time. Throughout the story so far, I had a flame inside of me. The whole time a purpose to prove. A will to fight. I always told people that I wasn’t sad, I was angry. And the anger forged who I was. A determined, skill ful musician, with the mane of a lion and the attitude to match, a man who did it. But when that all went away. I became a worm, but not yet.

Shit with my dad cooled off, he retired. I’m assuming his job really was the culprit of the aggression and I stopped holding the past against him. At this point I had been a dumbass at points too and figured it was not worth the energy or the negativity of keeping that cloud around. Was he still an incredibly ill informed, ego centric prick? Yeah, but I was a different person now and couldn’t be bothered with it. Most times shrugging off his comments. I had worth now.

Me and my bro made another band with just our drummer from the previously signed act, but it didn’t last long, we did an all over the place EP that was uninspiring yet everyone we showed loved it. Drummer left, became a solo artist, he’s a whole other story. I can’t help but feel as tho I’m responsible for his and my brothers mental state as I’m 3-4 years older than both of them (i was always the dad figure to them).

Fuck it tho, rock n roll, we did it once we’ll do it again. Me and my brother move to Los Angeles California in hopes of creating a new sound within the fusion realm of rap, emo, metal, and pop genres. We moved with two of my friends from NY and got a shitty two bedroom apartment and split the rooms. The other two room mates were supposedly friends for years yet fought constantly, shit talked each other and created this crazy negative space in this 1000 sqft. It was not comfortable to say the least. However the one room mate in specific, targeted my brother, who at this point basically didn’t talk to either of them. (This is point one and point 2 is my confesssion) And then there was me, i had developed an alcohol problem, not that i drank every day or even every weekend. But when i did, i became a different person, i would usuallly drink myself to sleep as well. My brother picked me up from a bar one night and while on his way i began to get robbed. I refused it and tried to buy time and ended up running to his car when he got there. Amped on on about 10 jack n cokes and the adrenaline of potentially dying, i flipped shit on my brother. Cursing him out, saying i didn’t need him, i could pay someone 20 dollars to do what he does, etc. it was awful. And it was the last straw for him. Within the next week or so he packed up, quit his job and went back home. 

I was heartbroken, but covered it up with anger. My other two room mates, if you can believe it, convinced me that i didn’t need him and that he held me back. I thought I’d be okay and he’d come back, i left our room exactly how he left it for months. He didn’t. 

This was the final nail in the coffin for my mental state to date. I spend every night analyzing the past, and i think I’ve learned that at first i created a whole identity to hating my father, then after that i created a whole identity around me and my brothers music career and once he was gone and to this second of typing it, I’m lost. I don’t know what to do. My personality feels like it’s splitting. Some days I’m this really cool extroverted ladies man guy and some days I’m a worm in my bed spending money he doesn’t have on post mates so he doesn’t have to leave the apartment. When i sit down and try to write music, i can, but i don’t feel it anymore. It’s the only skill i have. I didn’t go to a real college because of the deal, I’m not good at anything and I’m not interested in anything other than music. But there’s no inspiration left in me. Nothing really makes me happy anymore. I had a gf, nothing, broke up with her, nothing i have a new one, i miss her sometimes but for the most part nothing, i have written 6 new songs, nothing, i post a photo on Instagram, nothing, i go to work, nothing, i watch a movie, nothing. Everything just seems so pointless now, i don’t see myself as the star i once did. I don’t even believe myself when i sing, or have conversation with people. It’s like I’m watching the most boring movie about someone that i just don’t even care about. I just want him to die. I just want to stop wondering and working and fighting, i don’t want to do it anymore, and i was the relief of death. 

Idk what i expect from this but it was slightly therapeutic, thanks for listening.