Question About Student Rights for Working Outside of Class
I am curious what rights students have in terms of working difficult hour outside of class.

I am currently in a class where, in addition to having our four hour classes twice a week, we must work outside of the class every single day, including weekends to work on a group project (with no division of labor, which in a team of 15 people makes progress nearly impossible). I am used to doing work outside of class, especially with groups, this but this class in particular requests an unreasonable amount of time from me. 

I would mention the fact that we had to stay here for spring break and work from 9:30-6 but that was an expectation that was voiced before I joined the class. Instead, I would like to talk about all the other times that our teacher expects us to literally work throughout the night to complete our work, all of which is subjectively graded. Every single day our group meets for hours on end to complete work that our teacher ultimately tells us she doesn't like. She tells us this in class, sends us to work on it outside of class, and then in class continues to criticize our work instead of working on it with us while we are together, creating a cycle of endless criticism and fruitless work.

Most nights I am working from 5PM until 10 or 11PM which I have gotten used to, but last night our teacher and TAs wanted us to work until 2AM. I understand that some students are used to that kind of timeline and even thrive on it, but I always set myself up to not have to face those kinds of time restrictions. This is a group project so everyone is expected to work together all the time. 

Instead of staying until 2AM I left at midnight, explaining how I have work today and didn't think getting a decent night of sleep was a large ask. However, I was reprimanded for my early exit (at midnight) and was told that I was not meeting the expectations of the class and was not respecting people's time. 

I want to ensure that I am protected from getting a poor grade simply because I worked from 9 to 12 instead of 9 to 2AM, or even 3, 4 or 5AM as some of my classmates have.

Any advice or guidance would be very helpful in navigating this hellish nightmare of a class. Thank you