I am tormented in my dreams with my first love.
In don't really want to get into much detail about my personal life. But i need to express how much i've been suffering at my own hands (or by my own mind more likely). Im a high school student, \[17M\] and im not very social. But about two years ago when i was depressed and beaten up by life, i met a girl who eventually became the first person i have ever trully felt in love with, and it was one of those cases where *THAT ONE IS THE RIGHT ONE*. But, long story short... I messed up by being the awkward and anxious kid i used to be, we got separated and the only way i could talk to her was by messaging, but my depression affected my relationship with her by trying to get her to love me by making her think i needed her to live. In the last message i had with her, she got angry with me by always thinking she didn't wanted to see me.

Since then, we have both moved on. But recently, i have been having dreams that just keep getting worse.

First, it started with me seeing her somewhere, then i proceeding to run after her before i lost her, but she always dissapeared, or it was somebody else. So on and so forth.

But then, my dreams actually let me see her. Even in dreams, the moment i saw her and heard her voice, i felt as my heart skipped a beat. I hadn't felt as happier since i lost her in real life, so you could imagine how seeing her in my dream felt for me.

I talked to her, hugged her like we used to. It felt so real, but then, one moment i look away, and she is gone. The world turns darker and im just left alone.

But the worse so far, has been when my mind puts me through dreams where she is there, but in danger. I can only hear her scream in panic, i just run and run for what feels hours. Only for me to wake up before getting to her.

To this day, i keep looking for her, anxious to see her out in the city. I look for her in every social media. But i've only gotten her twitter from 5 years ago.

I just want the dreams to stop, for my mind to stop harrasing me with such dreams. But i DO want to see her again, even if she has a boyfriend, i just want to see her again and apologize for everytime i acted so manipulative with my depression. To make things right.