My name is John
I don't know what I'm looking for here. I just want to be heard. I'm posting this on my actual account because I want people to know who I am.

Every day I wake up to a physical pain in my chest. It's the kind of pain that can't be rid of through Aspirin or ibuprofen or Tylenol, it's much like hunger, except it can't be satiated. Every day I wake up and feel it. But I go to class; I do homework; I smile; I laugh; all because that's what people are supposed to do. I'm supposed to get dressed and walk out of my apartment every day prepared to take on the world. But I can't. I'm tired. I'm sick of it all. I'm sick of being alone. 

Every day I cry. Most of the time it's when my roommate is gone, but sometimes I don't have that luxury. I work at my school's library, and the other day I was assigned to sort books. While I was working, I lost it. I had to sit in the bathroom for 10 minutes and try to collect myself. When I finally left, I stared at the same title for 30 minutes, all while contemplating walking out of my shift and ending it.

I just don't know what to do. I've never had a girlfriend, and I was a virgin up until 21 til I finally had enough and paid a prostitute. It was shit. I couldn't perform because I was drunk, and she was obviously just in it for the money. No passion whatsoever. All through high school I watched my friends get in relationships. I listened to them talk about relationships and hung out with them and their girlfriends. I enjoyed their company, I considered them friends, but every day something inside of me collapsed a little.

Then, finally, at 22 I met a girl through Tinder. I really really REALLY enjoyed talking to her. We talked for like two weeks before we met up, and it was the first time I've been happy in years. Every day I was checking my phone multiple times a minute. Some people say that a relationship won't fill the hole inside of you, but after that night I can say with certainty that it is exactly what is missing in my life. I want someone to want me and enjoy my company. 

When we met up, I thought things went well. We hooked up. The sex was good - really fucking good - but what made me the happiest was the fact that someone liked me enough to do it with me. But a day later she messaged me and told me that she found me too awkward to talk to and that we shouldn't talk to each other any more. Now, this was a woman who has slept with nine other guys, some of whom were one night stands, and kept in touch with *every* other one of them. This was a woman who dated a man who could only eat pizza, burgers, and french fries, because he had such a bad case of anxiety that any other foods would cause him to break down.

But *I* was too awkward to keep in touch with. *I* was too much work. 

And that broke me. Whatever it was inside of me that had been giving all my life finally collapsed. For years, I've tried to socialize. I've tried clubs, I've tried jobs, I've tried talking to people around me in classes, and it hasn't done anything. I thought maybe it was because I wasn't physically attractive, but then I got in shape and it changed nothing. So I gained a little weight back, and then I met her. I had a chance with a girl. I thought she liked talking to me as I liked talking to her. But I was wrong.

Through her I discovered the truth; I'm fundamentally flawed. I can't socialize. I'm not attractive. There is *nothing* physically impressive about me. I have no hobbies. I'm boring as shit. I'm awkward. I have no redeeming qualities *at all*. I don't know what to do about it either. I tried a number of hobbies. Skateboarding, puzzles, reading, television, exercise, drawing, instruments, etc. It all bored the shit out of me. I had *zero* fun. 

I lie to everyone. I tell people I got laid in high school. I tell them I had a good size friend group. The truth is, I've never had more than a couple friends at a time, and I've never been in a relationship. Every day this eats me up. Every day I wake up, I'm disappointed that I didn't fucking die in my sleep.