Little Sister ruined my day and possibly our relationship
My little sister and I are very close. We always look out for each other and I would do anything for her or my other two siblings. But today made me reconsider how I'm treated when I want to help my siblings.

My sister is staying with me throughout the weekend, because my mom and her do not get along and my mom is abusive. I wanted to give her a small break away from it all and let her relax. 

Today she had an appointment for something superficial. Not medical or anything. I let her take my car after making sure she'd be back 40 minutes before I had to be at work. Mind you she would be only 5 minutes away from my apartment. She had my car for about 2 hours and about a half hour before work she finally replies saying I need to walk and get my car and "it's not very far". I go to where I think she was and she says she's down the street at a different salon/beauty place. It's 5 minutes until I have to be at work and I'm panicking and angry. When she picks me up I tell her to switch to the passenger seat so i can drop her off. I didn't want her to have my car. She says no and drives me to work. I didn't bother arguing because she would be 5 minutes away. But before her appointment she had asked to travel outside of town and see a stepsister we haven't seen in a while, and to go to her basketball game. After the debacle of almost being late to work I say she can't leave town. I get to work after a nearly silent car ride. 

About 2 hours into my shift she had already apologized and asked to go out of town like she asked once before. I said okay because I'd had time to cool down and stop being mad. She leaves around 4pm and I assumed she'd be back by 9pm to pick me up from work. Otherwise it would be a half hour walk through a sketchy area of town and with it being windy I didn't wanna walk. She promised she'd be on time. 9pm gets closer and she says to take an Uber so I do after waiting 15 minutes outside my workplace. Thinking she'd be right there to help me inside. At 9:15pm

She got home at 10:40 pm. She even lied about when she left. I didn't even have a key to the entrance of my building and she'd left my door unlocked. I'd have been fine with the door being unlocked, I trust the neighbors mostly but I had to sit outside my building for almost an hour and it got cold. I had assumed she would be maybe 15 minutes. I realized that... This is what I get for being a nice brother. This is what my dedication and love gets me. 

She wasn't even apologetic and didn't have the entrance key so we waited until we saw someone who lived there and she was nice enough to let us in. My sister is sending Snapchats and being aggressive with me while I'm panicking that it's nearly 11pm and I don't have a way inside. Honestly I need a break from her and I've not felt this angry at her for years. 

I've been crying all night and cold towards her. Just done at this point. Thanks for reading anyone