I talked to a femalre friend of mine while I was On LSD and now feel a deeper emotional connection than Ive ever felt with anybody. I may be in love, yet I have a girlfriend.
I cant stop thinking of my friend (lets call her M). We talked on the phone for hours and I realised while tripping that she is the most beautiful soul I have ever met. She has a darkish past of being abused like me, but its only made her a person who has more empathy and compassion than any ive met, and its made her very very mature and strong. Unlike her my abused past has just led me into drug addiction, mental issues, severe anxiety and depression and a lot more. 

Shes like if I did my life the right way with the same cards that id been dealt. Shes amazing, she is so fucking smart, beautiful, WISE. I dont even see her sexually, i just want to hug her, i want to be sober now, not for her but because she just helped open my eyes that way. Shes spent hours talking to me about life and philosphy and talks to me when im depressed and is always so sweet to me and wants to help me in any way to get sober and ugh shes just so perfect in that way! She cares about me in a way ive never felt!

I know her little brother too and have been keeping him out of trouble! She knows this too! He recently tried buying coke ( hes never done a drug besides beer) but since i know all the dealers at school i made sure he didnt get any. I convinced him he didnt want to go down that route, because i did. I give him life advice, help him in the weightroom and just try to be the best role model i can.

I relapsed 5 days ago on speed and actially havent been sober since and ended up crying on ber shoulder and it was just...okay. Like it wasnt embarrasing or anything! I felt safe in her arms, and i feel safe talking to her.

Meanwhile she has had issues recently with her dad and ive offered her anything she needs, being the devil i am i told her she can rest assured she is safe, even if i have to see the dad myself. Weve gone driving around the town together and she is just such a good girl! Shes so innocent i just love it. When we talked on the phone and i told her my beliefs about enlightenment and awakening in life (think buddhism and also alot of what david foster wallace talked a out) she kept saying how amazinf and smart I am. I felt so appreciated!

I'm breaking up with my girlfriend not for this girl, but because I realised i only settled for my gf, and she doesnt give me these good feelings. Whats bothering me is how my friend M probably doesnt feel as strongly as i do even though we both share the most intimate (not just sexual intimate) details of our lives with eachother.