Don't let $1.38 wreck your life.
So, like many of us here, I drive a pretty beat up car. It's fourteen years old, over 200k miles, but dammit it runs well and the radio's loud so I love it. It has a few dings and scratches and the check engine light won't go off (coolant sensor, not an actual coolant problem), so I'm used to ignoring little problems.

Don't ignore little problems.

This weekend I was pulled over. The cop said, "So I have about three different things to ask you about, but it's all related to the one thing. Did you know your tail light is out?" No I didn't, but I wasn't surprised. He asked for my insurance, which I have the app for on my phone... and the damn thing didn't remember my password and neither did I. So I had no immediate proof of insurance, a big no-no. I have since rectified that (hey folks, put a screenshot of it in your photo folder or State Farm has an extra little gadget you can put on your phone's home screen just for such an occasion). The cop just ran my driving record to make sure I'd never been cited for driving with no insurance while I thanked God I never got pulled over during the year I did so a few years back (not recommended, it saved a few bucks but was awful for my anxiety and would have been catastrophic in an emergency).

He let me go with a warning to get my tail light fixed and my insurance card up to snuff, and went on his way. I immediately drove my butt to NAPA and put a new tail light in for $1.38.

As I was putting it in, I realized that I am incredibly lucky. I have a good driving record, and wasn't committing any real infractions (I was even signalling, though he couldn't see it). Any of those things otherwise could easily have ruined my day, or my driving record. It happens all the time.

Keep an eye on the little things. Don't ignore them. Keep yourself healthy, folks.

Edited to remove unintentionally incendiary topic. Folks, I only put this up as a friendly reminder to keep up on the details because they snowball so very easily. I know I dodged a bullet, and have since learned that I can't trust a phone app. I'll be fixing the paper copy situation tonight. If this helps a few people remember to get the new copy of their insurance printed or maybe that minor piece of maintenance taken care of that's been put off, then I'm happy.