I don't agree with this person but to defend my point would mean absolute chaos
I might just end up deleting this later, but it's really bothering me right now and I don't think I can talk about it to anybody without it getting back to them. 

I have a friend. They're not financially well off. They like to talk about it a lot. They live with roommates, all of which work regular 9-5 jobs. They do not. They have ways they make money, but none are sustainable or consistent (thankfully they're not into mlms if that's what you're wondering, I'm just trying to remain vague). I see their roommates putting out their gofundme's for doctor appointments and fixing their cars. What does my friend ask for? Hobby supplies. New electronics. You get the idea. They have the nerve to try and blame every single one of their problems on the corporations and the government and what have you, and I get it. I'm anti-establishment, I wish I didn't have to work under a corporate-mandated system or kiss ass for my shitty paycheck but that's the only option I have. That's the only option most people have. And you know what? Some of those people end up moving out of their shit hole apartments and moving on to better places. It's broken, its backwards, but if it's food and Healthcare you need, you can't just wait around and hope that it'll be handed to you. I sympathize so deeply. There isn't a moment that I don't worry about what will happen to me if my current situation falls apart, but I'm not at people's doorsteps arguing about how privileged and gross people are because they live in a house instead of a rinky dink apartment. 

Cuz that's what my friend is doing. All they do is talk about how many meals they had this week and how they were soooooo pissed that they had to drive past a nice neighborhood to run an errand. Are you really that jealous and petty? They started making videos about and people called their bluff saying that not everyone they're angry at is a shitty, one-percent old white man who never knew poverty (and of course many were unkind and insulting but a lot of them were just honestly confused and hurt by their words). And what does my friend do? Screenshots their comments and talks about how much hate and ugliness they're getting from voicing an opinion. 

And honestly? I don't want to hear it anymore. I admire my friend's creativity and personality but this misguided (amd frankly hypocritical) hate is so much. And they have so many people rallied around them that if I so much as say that they're wrong that their friends and roommates will gather around and burn me at the stake. 

I just wanted to talk is all. I'm so tired. I have a headache. If no one sees this I'll probably delete it anyway.