I might be laid off... and it’s frustrating and depressing.
I just learned today that they are considering if they want to keep me or let me go, although the boss says it is not my own fault as it was simply because they realised they were not ready to hire me. They said I did well for them however they were too small at this time to need my position. This is my fourth job.

Now I feel lost and distraught. I have a lot of plans for the upcoming month, and I was freshly hired (a month or so) and now I have to deal with no job stability. Due to circumstances where I had to switch jobs (three jobs for this year alone, including the current one), I am anxious with my employability. I feel lost and desperate as before I had this job I experienced tons of rejections. I also had mental health issues last year that made me quit my first job, while an abusive boss and the distance of work made me quit my second. The third job was a temporary form of informal work. I loved this job. I loved what I’m doing. I loved my pay. I loved how I was able to contribute to them. And now I feel stuck. My parents rely on me. And I just feel depressed to say I have to deal with the dilemma of finding a job again.

My boss says he will vouch me to his friend if ever they decide to lay me off to who I applied for in the past (but got my job offer too late) or to other companies. He then says he can give me recommendation letters to ensure I can have a smooth transition to another job without a period of joblessness. However, I’m still anxious.

Also he says that he thinks I’d work best for a FMCG company based on my marketing strategy. However getting a job there is extremely hard but how do I convince companies like them to consider me under their marketing department? 

I’ll also start applying again for jobs tonight if ever the boss lays me off.

But then I am stuck. I have zero plans for this. My parents rely on me and I don’t want to get to the downward spiral of depression due to me being jobless. 

I just feel I need support and need advice with regards to finding a job as soon as possible within an industry that I love (marketing)