I don't feel like I am intelligent enough for my job should I leave for an easier job?
I have always lived by the fake it till you make it motto. I was always just chugging along, moving positions, getting new jobs. I feel like my past two jobs I am just not smart enough. I interview well because I used to be a recruiter so I feel they like me because I know what to say, then I am struck with imposter syndrome the moment I start. Even my current boss commented on how out of all the resumes she's seen mine was the only one that was even structured normally, again just because as a Recruiter I knew what companies were looking for....

My last position I was a manager and had 1 person work under me. I only lasted at the job because NO ONE ever checked on me. In fact, since day 1, they handed me a computer at IT and no one ever even told me my job. I got bored of the faking it and really wanted more purpose to my job. I took a job in a entirely new industry and I am really struggling with my confidence in my intelligence. I feel like Im not worth my salary although the same as my last job because I feel like Im not as experienced as they wanted. I was honest not knowing the industry and although I've worked the same role, same title, in 3 other industries, what they want from me is extremely different and they actually watch you like a hawk judging your moves.

I feel like Im put on the spot so much and my mind just goes completely blank. I am supposed to ask questions and I just can't even possess a thought to ask. So lately I have been thinking maybe I really should have stayed at a lower level job. It just couldn't pay the bills so I had to take harder jobs to make ends meet at the time. Im just not smart. I feel like my IQ is just maxed at what it understands. I read a lot, always trying to learn and improve but just feel like I am capped.

I feel like a fraud in my life. Like someone will realize Im not smart and let me go. Even in school, I barely passed classes in highschool and was a D average student. College I did really well and got mostly As and Bs but that wasn't easy. I worked 10x as long to be half as good as the rest of the class. I feel it so much in real life where simple things and intelligent conversations are so difficult for me.

What really spiraled my confidence was being at a bar and just chatting with the bartender and he mentioned how he was smarter than me. I asked how could he tell, he said just by the way I talk in conversation....it was confirming everything I was thinking all along. (We had been talking about 4 hours so it wasn't out of context for our convo)

I've been with my new company now for a month and I just feel fearful everyday they will let me go. I guess I am writing this because I wonder if I should just "dumb" down my resume and go for an entry level job or keep faking it hoping no one notices Im actually pretty dumb with no confidence.