Feeling a little empty, alone, and without direction.
I really just feel like writing right now.  Something about putting my thoughts and feelings into words and putting them out there, even anonymously, sounds like it might make me feel better.  I'm not even sure what kind of response I want, if anything.  I hope this post even makes sense when I'm done, because I don't really have a goal here, just to put my thoughts down.

I'm a male and just turned 29 recently.  I've been single pretty much my entire life.  I had a few little flings in high school that didn't last more than 2 weeks, but I don't really count them.  I've never considered myself to be in a relationship, and I don't even know what that means.  

Though with that said, I have a pretty okay life.  I have a great job, my career is pretty secure, I'm debt free... nothing to really complain about there.  I guess in this regard I consider myself a "success".  

My family leaves something to be desired.  Don't get me wrong, I love them.  But it sure didn't turn out the way I wanted.  My parents stayed together as long as they could, for my sister and I.  Their relationship was always pretty rocky.  Pretty much right around the time I graduated college, it fell apart.  My mom cheated on my dad, and not long after they were divorced.  Didn't talk to my mom for awhile after that, but we're good now.  Though I can't stand cheaters, and may have some trust issues as a result.  Got into a stupid fight with my dad awhile back, we spent years not talking.  We've "patched things up" now but things are awkward and forced when I'm around him.  My mom, dad, and sister all live in their own apartments.  I don't have a home to go back to anymore.  I mean, it doesn't feel like home.  Selfishly, its not what I wanted.

I'm not really in a hurry to get married and start my own family, but I definitely want it.  I want a partner, I want kids, I want a home.  But, if my 29 years of being single is any indication, sometimes it starts to look like I might not get what I want.  I know I still have time, but I still worry that I won't ever meet someone to start a family with.  The idea of adoption has started to cross my mind.  Though 30 is a bit early to "give up" and even if I decided to, finding someone to let a single dude adopt in this day is probably near impossible.

There's a girl I like.  We're pretty good friends, I think.  She's younger than me, almost 25.  I'm pretty crazy about her, but it is one sided.  I asked her out about a year ago, but she told me she only wanted to be friends.  I tried to get over her, but it didn't work.  We're even better friends now, and unfortunately my feelings are stronger than ever.  I've started seeing a therapist at work because I let these feelings affect me too much.  We've agreed that I need to talk to her again and let her know my feelings.  If she agrees, great.  If she doesn't, then I need to move on.  I've just been waiting for the appropriate time...

She moved to this area for work, but she's never really loved it here.  There's somewhere else she would rather be.  I find out this week she had a job interview out there, and it went well.  She hasn't decided if she is taking it or not, but she is considering it.  So this girl that I am crazy about might be leaving.  I will tell her my feelings regardless, but I don't want her to go.  Even if she isn't my girlfriend or whatever, she's still my closest friend I have here.

I find myself thinking that if she leaves, my life is going to feel really empty.  And that probably isn't healthy one way or the other.  What am I doing?  I go to work, I exercise, I occasionally hang out with friends, but a lot of the time I'm just at home doing nothing.  Right now, I'm sitting here alone on this three day weekend.  My friends are all busy with other stuff, and I don't know what she's doing right now, but I know she has a lot on her mind.  I'm an introvert, I usually enjoy my alone time, but right now... I want to see her.  But I need to give her space.

Besides.  I don't think she feels comfortable hanging out with just me outside of work.  I've suggested several times that we do something, but she never does unless it is in a group setting.  I couldn't say what the deal is for sure.  Maybe she's afraid of leading me on?  Maybe I've misunderstood our friendship and she doesn't like me as much as I thought?  These thoughts cross my mind.  They make me sad, too.  I would never force myself on her or make an un-welcome move.  Even if she doesn't want to date me or be in a relationship, I still want to be friends, I just really like who she is as a person.

That's pretty much where I'm at right now.  Alone on a long weekend, only one person I can think about right now, and she's thinking about leaving my life all together.  

That's all, really, I guess.  I'm expecting responses of people telling me I need to get over her.  I know.  Like I said, I am seeing a relationship therapist about it.  And we have a plan for me to talk to her so I can potentially move on.  But I'm going to wait for her to make her decision on whether she is staying or leaving.  This choice she is making isn't about me.

Thanks for taking the time to read this.  I hope your weekend is going well.