My company keeps forcing everyone to do social activities on webcam as a means of overcompensating for the fact that we're working from home. I'm really not a fan of this. What should I do?
I'm really not a fan of forced socialization (especially when it's organized "team activities"), mainly because the type of work I do at my company (and in general) is very solitary and when I have a lot on my plate, I have always seen zero benefit in having to step away from my work and socialize in a way that doesn't feel natural for me.

Right now, my company is obviously working at home because of COVID. When I found out that we'd be working from home for an extended period of time, I was honestly really happy. As someone whose job requires a lot of focus and solitude, I really thrive when I'm just by myself and can zone in on my work without distractions. However, management keeps speaking to our company like they are worried about us all being shut-in and not being in the office. We're now forced to have some meetings every day (over Zoom), that we otherwise have once or twice a week in the office (for a couple of them, it's starting to seem like people don't know what to talk about). In addition to this, management keeps planning all of these "social" activities over Zoom that they aren't making voluntary.

I'm the only person who has my role at my company and we've taken a hard hit because of COVID. As such, I've actually had a huge increase in my workload since this has happened, which I've tried desperately to stay on top of. I won't lie - this situation has caused me to feel extremely burnt out and stressed as I'm trying my best to cope with everything. I feel like my main duty is to do my job and stay on top of it, and having to keep breaking my focus is making this so much tougher. I just want to be at home and focus on my work so I can get through this, and all of this forced social crap is infuriating.

I don't want to say something that will get me into any trouble, but I also don't understand why they are "forcing" these activities and not sort of advertising them for people to do if they wish/if they have spare time. Especially during a time where everyone is being put under stress and not everyone will be dealing with it in the same way. What should I do? Should I say anything to my manager or just stay quiet?