How do I stay afloat and tend to my own demons when I’m in a marriage/love someone who is constantly depressed /sad.
I love my wife, the mother of my beautiful daughter, so much. I knew when we met that she struggled with anxiety and depression, but it always seemed to be circumstantial most of the time. She would have her episodes, but would always seem to turn it around. When these times got dark, I was always there with her to reassure her that she wasn’t alone and that no matter how low she got, I’d be right there with her when she needed me. 

I also deal with my own depression and troubles, but always tried to be there for her and to be her rock, because her situation always seemed to be more important than whatever I had to deal with. In short, I sucked it up and put on a brave face to be there for her. It killed me on the inside, but when you love someone you tend to put their needs ahead of your own. 

Fast forward 3yrs and we are now married and have a beautiful, spirited 2 1/2yr old daughter. She is very successful at work and maintains friendships, but at the same time is in a very dark place. Nothing seems to make her happy any more. She is losing patience with our daughter more often, has negative perspectives towards anything, and is just plain sad all the time. She is constantly getting upset over little things that should be dismissed and directing blame on me and our daughter for a lot of her emotions. 

We have so much to be grateful for. Despite that, it’s always a struggle to feel it because of the negativity cast within our household. 
I’ve been having a hard time lately trying to be a positive influence, and a shoulder to turn to. I’ve been feeling sad too, but I feel like I can’t be because my wife and daughter need me to be there to help balance out all the negative energy. 

My wife recently told me she just wants to die. I don’t know what to do. As someone who is always on the verge of being sad, I don’t know how I can keep being strong when I’m in such a negative environment all the time. I don’t know how to feel. Angry, sad bc it’s the person I love saying that, guilty because I can’t/am exhausted to be what she needs me to be to help her. I don’t know how to handle this or what to do. 

Side note: she’s pretty much rejects every therapist we’ve seen over the past year because she wants them to “fix” her but can’t handle any advice that points out flaws in her behavior