i dont know how to get along with my dad (really long but plz read. i need advice) i feel hopeless and idk who else to go to.
im new to reddit and this is my first post. i’ve been dealing with this particular issue for about 4 years now and i don’t know what to do. 

tbh, i don’t even know where to start. i guess i can start with the obvious thing that I don’t know how to get along with my dad. to explain my dad in a nutshell, he’s a military man. he’s almost 50 and has the sense of humor of a 14 year old on XBOX. he’s a good guy, a helpful man. pretty selfless at times. 

here’s where our conflicts come in. as his daughter, i feel extremely emotionally disconnected. it took lots of dwelling and tearful nights to realize that there’s just a lot of disconnections going on. because my dad has been deployed so much, he didn’t exactly get to see me grow. i’m currently 16 almost 17 and he still treats me like i’m a 9 yr-old. 

the conflict truly began when he had to go to this one institute for a military school out of state. in order to keep me in the school that i was in, my parents decided that my dad would move while we stay. plus, the distance was only supposed to be for about a year. kinda important note, that discussion went without my knowledge considering i was 12 or so at the time. 

a little on me, i was used to being with my mom all the time and she was and still is my primary guardian. my dad was always a provider but never took on the role of father authority. that wasn’t ever established really. my dad took on the “fun guy” role. i wanted ice cream? we go and get ice cream. i want a new toy? as long as my grades were good (which they were) then i get a new toy. i was what most would call spoiled. which is true. i just never felt entitled to it because i also just never asked for much. just for my birthday and for christmas. never outside of that tbh. 

well, a little thing called puberty eventually hit. and when that happened, it was like the new hormones in my body had this uncontrollable vendetta against my father arose. i will admit, the beginning of our conflict was my fault. but at the same time, i was only 12 and now learning how to deal with this new cycle of my life. i needed guidance but that guidance quickly turned into an accusatory finger. 

at all started with small things. to preface, my dad has always been the kind of person to swear, but i was the kind of kid to repeat what i would hear and to avoid getting in trouble, my dad put a bit of a filter on himself. well, with time that filter would diminish almost completely. but it started with that. too much swearing. and not even just casual swears, it was honestly very vulgar. too vulgar for a young teen (12-14). and even now, i don’t mind curse words. i swear myself. i’m basically desensitized at this point. but that’s not important, that’s just where it began. 

then i started talking back to my dad when i didn’t agree with something he said. and there were times were i was being a bit of an ass i will admit. it wasn’t okay of me. yet even then, my dad didn’t have the gut to put me in my place. when the back talking started getting much? my mom had to tell me “your father said if you don’t stop with the back mouthing he’s gonna have to lay his foot down” and i honestly just wanted to shrug it off, he couldn’t even tell em that himself. any time in the future, he would sit me down, tell me how he felt, then nothing would happen. everything at a standstill. no progress. i didn’t know how to take him seriously. 

i couldn’t take my dad seriously at the time for a  handful of reason. despite his age, we still acts very immature in situations where that behavior is unnecessary. my mom tells him something he didn’t like? he’s rub his nose or forehead with his middle finger to basically flip her off. he gets confronted about something? turns himself into the victim and emphasizes the sacrifice he makes which has nothing to do with the confrontation. that or he lies. someone compliments him? often times he doesn’t thank the person, just says “i know” or something along those lines. i could go on but then it would be a manifesto. 

the conflict between us has even gotten between my mom and i. im super close with my mom. but recently, i felt heavily misunderstood by her. i would talk to my mom about how i felt and she wouldn’t give my grievances a second thought. she’d explain that i have to accept him because that’s the way he is. i’m not asking my dad to be perfect. no one is. i just ask that he calms down and tones it down a bit. he can’t explain anything without cursing up a storm and being loud as shit. when i was doing very poorly mentally, i cried to my mom twice about how i felt. with school, with myself, with my dad. everything. i’m crying my eyes out to her and both times she told me that she didn’t understand why i was crying, that i should be grateful i even have a dad, and to suck it up. i felt devastated and heartbroken after. i haven’t opened up to my mom since (it’s been about 7-8 months since that). 

i tried to fix my wrongs several times but each attempt was completely overlooked my both of my parents. the worst experience was when my dad was making empty threats about the people sitting behind us in the movie theater. my mom not being fluent in english, i had to explain some things about the movie which i did as quietly as possible. my dad apparently noticed that the people behind us made comments about it (but knowing that my dad thinks everyone is out to judge him and his family, he most likely took something innocent, personally). when we left he made a threat somewhere along the lines of “if they would have said something to you guys, i would have knocked the shit out of them” and said “they aren’t about it tho. no one was gonna say anything. they didn’t the entire movie” and he turns around, looks me dead in the eye and sternly says “watch who you’re talking to” to which he has never done to me. he’s never played his authority over me, ever. so i did what i normally do, just shut down. i became void of showing any emotion to anyone the rest of the day. a skill i got very good at throughout the years. later, we go to a hardware store and a car barely slowed down when we were crossing the street. my dad stared down the car menacingly and i rolled my eyes as he was turning around. he happened to catch me out of the corner of his eye and got in my face saying, “you can decide to not talk to me for the rest of the day, rest of the weekend or even ever. but keep in mind that i just want to protect you” i simple stared back at him blankly and continued to follow my parents around the store deadpanned. like his stare was gonna stop a huge truck from hitting my mom and i. i understood his point, the execution was just not very tactical. then, there was a little situation at the cash register and my dad verbally calls out a lady that left the cashier before the next person (who moved from a different line) could reach her register. im fairy certain she didnt see the man hence why she left. anyway, my dad say the thing and called out the rudeness of the situation without giving it a second of thought. he then shades me to the man, “i had to speak my mind although some people,” he looks at me, “might not like it”. i look at my mom in disbelief and then continue on my deadpan journey. i refused to hug my parents goodnight. i was mad at my dad and my mom was asleep. she’s a light sleeper so i wasn’t gonna wake her up to say goodnight. i said goodnight from the doorway of their room and cried myself to sleep that night. 

my mom told me after that i need to cut out the way i’ve been acting. that i ask too much of my father and that i’m the one that needs to change. i’ve been beat down for simply standing up for what i believe in. i just want my dad to chill out but i can only get a reaction out of him when we’re both upset. civil conversations always end up with no result. 

i tried to get to him in other ways but i always feel like i cant talk to him. he takes anything that isnt ass-kissing his ideas as defiance. we can never have civil discussion about any topic because i am a talkative person (incase it wasnt evident by this post) and i like to use lots of examples to make my point. my dad being such a straight to the point guy, rudely rushes me and gets impatient so he stops listening or interrupts me. but things where always like this. he used to listen to every word i would say when i was younger. but now, i can’t talk for more than a few moments at a time before he feels the need to make comment or irrelevantly add some kinda related experience he had. he’s so full of himself lately that i don’t feel like i can get him to look eye to eye with me. it’s like he cant fathom the fact that “his little princess” would have something bad to say about him. 

i could honestly go on forever and i’ll end this mess of a post with this. i’m leaving for college in less than two years. i want to fix things with my dad before then but i dont know how. he has this wall of insecurities and unresolved trauma growing up (along with trauma from being in the military) that he needs to resolve. he thinks he can win me over with petty little gifts but that’s not what i want or need. but he still continues to do it even after i’ve asked him not to. what can i do? i’m hopeless at this point and i’m in a constant state of self doubt and self hatred because of it. i keep trying to better things while my dad gets progressively worse and idk what to do. 

tl;dr (i think that’s how it’s used) my dad and i cant get along because we can’t communicate and he often sheds the light as him being the victim. (not very accurate, please take the time to read. i’m sorry).