There’s probably something wrong with me idk
English isn’t my first language so sorry if I make mistakes..

It’s a long story and I’m sure everyone reading this will think I’m weird.

So I think I’m probably gay but it’s been really weird and I’m not even sure. Years ago I started to feel that I don’t like my appearance and it almost feels like my brain or whatever desperately wants me to be in a different body, that is, the same gender as me of course. I always tell myself that it’s not okay but that’s not how really how your inner self work. 
The thing is, the change that I (for some reason) want is to get fat. It’s weird because I wasn’t really that skinny anyway. I always imagined as a kid that my soul was too big for my body, and I’m pretty sure as a teenager that’s definitely not the case.
I think about this more and more and it’s been bugging me for some time now. 
I have a friend who’s probably what that inner self (sorry idk what to call that inner voice that keeps bugging me) considers to be my ideal body. (I know it sounds creepy) I started to feel that I always wanted him to live better than me. 

**There is one thing to make clear: although I think I might be gay, I don’t necessarily “love” him, he’s just a good friend from my high school and we hang out a lot.**

He once broke his arm and, when I heard the news, I just snapped. I have broken my arm before and it wasn’t even that painful. But for some reason, that day when he broke his arm I feel so weird deeply that I don’t even know what that feeling is. I started to be very protective of him and it’s started to annoy him a bit. At first these thoughts seemed fine until recently when it started to drive me suicidal.
I get worried every time he goes to play basketball, skiing or whatever after that. It’s making anxious, and I can’t even tell him bc he will just think I’m weird and not believe in me. I know you would think none of this make sense, trust me, I think that too. I don’t understand what’s wrong with me and it’s just making me confused and terrified to face the future. It sure doesn’t sound serious but when you have to deal with these weird voices coming from nowhere, it’s a totally different story.
I just have to figure out a way to sort out this mess or it will likely keep bugging me until the day I finally decided to hang myself or whatever.

Sorry for the long post btw