It is seriously like quite common to never have had sex. Even in your thirties. Even for medical students. I almost killed myself multiple times over that shit. So stupid
We seriously need to do a MUCH better job of normalizing people that have never had sex. Because it is starting to become clear to me that it IS very much NORMAL. A LOT of people are just scared to admit that they’re still a virgin. It’s not exactly something people like to mention first thing when they meet someone. Or ever for that matter.

Edit: And people downvoting this can fuck right off. Killing your narrative, eh? Cause that’s what it is. And I could be dead right now because of it. I came pretty damn close

Edit 2:

https://imgur.com/a/7yFDOpn

Some polls I did on reddit mostly on r/polls recently really opened up my eyes to the possibility that a lot of redditors really have not had sex yet regardless of age. There are multiple problems with these polls mostly related to how representative redditors in these subs are of the general population. Also, some polls are misleading if you don’t take into account differences in age and gender (these differences had to be taken separately). Still, the results were so pronounced that I could not help but be moved by them. I got decent or good sample sizes for most categories. Head’s up though: there are some weird effects there too (idk wtf is going on with the results from younger age groups). Honesty and/or confusion could be factoring in too I guess.

Uploading the charts image to imgur has been leading to some fuzziness. Sorry. If you open within the reddit app you can’t see anything. If you open in the imgur app it’s clear.

Edit 3: I get it’s problematic to try to say redditors represent the general population when they clearly don’t. I’m not saying they do. This was a survey of the participants at the subs I used. That’s it. Getting data on this subject is problematic and controversial anyway. Most of what we get fed is probably skewed the other way however because people in the general population are probably more reluctant to offer if they’re part of a stigmatized population unless it is 100% anonymous. And anonymous platforms tend to not be representative of the general population for one reason or another. I think it’s a problem. Collecting data from health records is pretty terrible too if you think of it. How often are people really telling the doctor or nurse the truth in these situations? Probably not very often. So, yes the real numbers are going to be way lower in the general population than my numbers. But maybe it was good to see things from a population skewed the other way than what we are used to. My experience with social pressure and isolation in these circumstances was ridiculous. I know this is a huge problem. I’ve lived it.