Young CPA major career change - thinking about starting a paving company, need practical advice
I'm 29 years old and have been a CPA for the past 6 years, working at the same job for 10 in your typical office setting. The job itself isn't overwhelmingly difficult, nor is it very fulfilling. Although it provides me with great financial security, other factors have been building up that have made me resent the job (I'm sure I'm among many in saying this). 


The paving company idea came up with a life long friend who is a heavy machine operator and technician, who also shares the passion for wanting to build something of their own. My CPA background to this point is being viewed as a means to an end, and can give us the business/finance/tax benefit of pricing/costing/financing the business and assets we acquire.


Basically what I'm looking for is some starting points to acquire the hands on ability to pave and gain as much knowledge on the field that I can prior to starting the business. My initial considerations are as follows, along with some other important points to note:


1) Ideally structure my departure from work at end of Summer/18 and in a way so that I can receive unemployment 

2) Take heavy machine operators course throughout the Winter/18

3) Work in the industry for a local paving company throughout the 2019 season to try and obtain as much hands on knowledge as I can

4) Come up with business model and acquire appropriate assets in offseason Winter 2019. Basic business to start will be paving/sealing/patching driveways, which would limit our initial capital outlay when compared to more commercial paving equipment/staffing requirements

5) From what I have read so far, the general machinery will consist of a single axel dump truck, 1-2 ton rolling machine, small paving machine (or could we get away with shovels/brooms to start), a hauling trailer and other miscellaneous tools i.e. tamper etc.

6) I have accessible capital of about $130,000. My life long friend also has sufficient capital to finance machinery/other start up costs


I know this is very rough, and obviously so much more consideration has to go into this plan. But at the end of the day, I want to do something outside for a living, I am prepared for gruelling work, and I want to build something for myself. I would appreciate any other advice with respect to the career path in general or how to best prepare/educate myself before starting the business.


Thanks a lot everyone!