Trying to move on
Sorry for the block of text, but I just feel the need to vent. 

I have known this one girl for less than three years through work and for a substantial portion of this time we were great friends.  I grew feelings for her early on, but did not press on anything due to our work relationship.  We spent a significant amount of time together inside and outside of work and I definitely felt like an emotional support for her.  She knew I was there for her and we enjoyed spending time together.  

I think she knew I liked her, but I just kept it moving forward as it was until I eventually brought up how I felt about her and she said she wasn't ready for a relationship at this time, but she should be dating someone like me.  However, even though she said these things to me she started having sex with another guy and she knew this hurt me and actually apologized, but continued to fool around with him anyways.  I should have moved on at this point looking back at it, but I continued to remain friends even though I still had feelings for her. 

We stayed pretty close and people regularly thought we were dating.  I felt as though our relationship was more than just friends, because it felt like and we would treat each other like we were a couple.  However, we never kissed or went any further than a hug.  She was always very open, comfortable, and giving me her attention when we were alone, but when we were out with a group she was regularly very cold towards me and almost ignoring my presence.  Even though this was the case, she would always end up reaching back out to me after whatever social event.

I eventually wanted to know where this was going, because I felt as though I was being put on the backburner or she was getting the benefits of a boyfriend without being in a relationship with me.  I had a talk with her and all she apologized and said she felt terrible, but wanted me to move on.

I still see her, but I don’t know how to act at this point.  This really has me torn up inside and I’m sure she can sense that, because I have not been spending much time with her over the past few months and have kept the communication to a minimum.  Also, we do not talk as frequently, because I have been only letting her initiate the communication, but it still seems she wants to be friends or at least hang out.  I have not been rude to her and have been polite when we talk, but I keep short and to a minimum.  I feel as though I haven’t moved on yet, but she continues to reach out to me.  When she does speak with me now, she seems a lot nicer to me than she has in the past, but now I am the one acting cold.

Ultimately, I want her to be happy and she knows this, even if she is not with me.  But, I am too unhappy remaining friends with her at this point when I still have feelings for her.  The rejection stings too much right now.

TL,DR; A good friend I have feelings for told me to move on, so I have distanced myself and don’t communicate with her as much.  However, she keeps communicating with me and will ask me to hang out.  I still have feelings for her, but being around her reminds me of the rejection.