On our first date, I was told I was “annoying” and left at the sushi restaurant
I’m (F26) in my hometown visiting family and decided to browse around Bumble. I matched with my “ex boyfriend” from 2nd grade and he (M26) insisted we hang out, since he’s wanted to see me for years now. We met downtown for drinks and caught up, and I immediately felt the vibe was weird. He seemed really nervous and fifteen minutes into the “date” he said we could go back to his place to hang out and play guitar (btw.. he lives with his parents still). The date continued and I could tell he wasn’t picking up on my jokes or sarcasm. 

We went to an open mic at another bar and I said we should go on, since he kept talking about how he plays guitar and is in a couple bands and I do stand up comedy. He was pretty against it and was adamant about not going up, so I said we could leave if he didn’t want to do it. We leave and I suggest we go to a sushi place down the block. 

On the way, he tries to pull a “you have something on your face, what is that” weird, creepy, non consensual kiss thing and I rejected it immediately. The whole night he kept saying I was being “mean” (I wasn’t— I’m seriously overly nice but can be a bit sassy/snarky at times). We finally got to the sushi place and he said he wasn’t hungry so I still ordered for myself and got us a bottle of hot sake. 

The look on his face when he sat down— it looked like he wanted to kill me. Seriously, it looked like he HATED me. But I kept it cool and was asking if he liked the sake, gave him some history of rice wine, kept talking to make it less awkward. He finally said “you’re kinda annoying me.”

I thought he said something about the sake, so I said “it’s an acquired taste.” “No, I said you’re annoying me.” “Oh.. we’ll I’m an acquired taste.” He then condescendingly asked how long my last boyfriend and I were together and if I annoyed him as much. I told him that he was being rude and apologized for annoying him, but he was free to leave if he wanted to since the sushi was for me anyway. He said “yeah, I’m gonna go.” And he left. 

I’m not even upset. This guy had zero, and I mean ZERO, sense of humor. He couldn’t pick up on my sarcasm to the point that he literally thought I had watched only Beavis and Butthead for the last 10 years. 

I think, and my friends agree, that he was just upset that I wasn’t going to hook up with him that night and that’s why he got so upset. But it still hurt my feelings and was incredibly embarrassing to be left at a restaurant. I really don’t think I was being annoying (I’m a phenomenal date—especially first dates). He was just a huge douche canoe. And even if I was annoying, he could have gone about it a different way. 

Anyway.. just needed to vent. Btw, I literally hadn’t seen this guy since we were 8. Ten minutes after he left, I got a text saying “We’ve been friends all these years, no reason to act like that... sad.”