The Trump administration says Comey could face criminal charges. Is there currently any evidence that Comey has broken the law?
The Trump administration has indicated that former FBI director James Comey could face criminal charges as part of William Barr's investigation into the origins of the Mueller report.

[President Trump accused Comey](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/trump-turns-full-force-government-perceived-political-enemies-n1010096), among others, of treason on the 25th.

> He reiterated Thursday that he believes he is the victim of a long-running effort that meant to stop him from winning in 2016, delegitimize his presidency and remove him from office either through impeachment or by Democrats damaging him enough with investigations that he can't be re-elected.

> He has charged that some of his adversaries are guilty of treason, and he was asked Thursday to provide the names of people who should be held accountable for a crime punishable by death.

> Trump answered with a list of names: McCabe, Comey, former FBI agent Peter Strzok and former Justice Department official Lisa Page.

[Sarah Sanders says](https://thinkprogress.org/donald-trump-sarah-huckabee-sanders-meet-the-press-william-barr-james-comey-82d497dd766d/) President Trump expects AG Barr to hold "the people that were responsible" accountable.

> During an interview on NBC’s Meet The Press on Sunday, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Attorney General William Barr will decide whether former FBI director James Comey could face criminal charges from Trump’s Justice Department.

> “We certainly expect the people that were responsible and that were part of this unprecedented obstruction and corruption at the FBI, those people should certainly be held responsible and be held accountable,” added Sanders. “And the president expects that to take place.”

- Is there currently any evidence that Comey has broken the law?
- Are there any historical examples of an FBI employee being charged for the way/process an investigation was opened?
- How do historical cases of treason charges compare to this situation?

---

# Mods have unlocked the thread after purging the comments that violated the rules.

Lets try our best to keep it unlocked.

Here is a reminder of the comment rules:

1) Be courteous.

2) Source your facts.

3) Be substantive.

4) Address the arguments, not the person.