19 years old and its pretty obvious there's no reason to go any further
Just graduated High School May 2019 and turned 19 at then end of September but now that I'm finally done with school whats next for me? Working as a slave for 50 years? Or putting myself thousands of dollars behind just to go to college setting me back years just to still be a slave anyways? I'd rather be dead than do that. I work at a pizza place making 8.75/hr and live with my parents. My brother and I want to move out but I can't imagine doing that because that'll require me to find another job to enslave myself in and thats just not how I want my life to go on. I've seen plenty of threads here on Reddit talking about how they can't keep doing this life of working all day coming home exhausted then sleeping and doing it all over again. Like I said I'm 19 and I feel exhausted just working 6 hours a day, I'm still a teenager I should be running around young wild and free enjoying life. I sleep about 12-14 hours a day and I still take naps and otherwise I'm alone in my room playing videos games just to keep my mind off this hellbent reality I was given or typing shit on Reddit because I feel so helpless that I need someone else on the internet to see if they can give me any advise. I have absolutely no social life, never had a girlfriend, still a virgin and unbearably lonely plus the realization that I either must be a slave for the rest of my life or a worthless homeless nobody on the street has caused me to become deathly depressed. I barely even eat because I'm too depressed to even crave food, I can tell I'm hungry but mentally I have no interest in food unless I'm smoking weed. I've tried meditation and have a strong interest in psychedelics for personal development but all thats done is make me realize just how fake and unreal this 21 century society really is. I'd rather live in the wild foraging for food like a monkey over working my ass off for hours a day just for (money) green paper that people think is so good and meaningful I just don't understand. It feels like I was born on the wrong planet or the wrong time and to make it all worse no matter how long I sit and logically think about it I cannot think of  way out of this hell other than suicide, just selling my time/life away as a slave, or just being homeless. And to top it all off when I was 13 or 14 my hair started thinning and during high school with my thin hair everyone (Including every single person close to me even teachers) started making fun of me saying things like "crackhead" or "you look like an old man", "you look like a hobo", "Looks like Albert Einstein", "Do you wash your hair?" and while it sounds hilarious from an outside perspective eventually after hearing dozens of different people say this constantly my entire junior/senior year it has really dragged me through hell and back just trying to keep myself from going completely insane and it caused me to completely lose any self confidence I once had. All that I really want is a female to love me and a place of my own to stay at without having to owe other people anything. Just me and a lover free to be ourselves to do what we want, live how we want but there's always someone else who thinks its in their place for you to owe them money and money is whats completely ruined my idea of a happy life. Its literally unfair for someone else to tell me  how to live but the government thinks they can tell people weed is "illegal" to possess yet thats fake as fuck like nothing is illegal if it was then some nonhuman force would seek redemption for me possessing weed but no, its other people telling ME that I'll be punished by other human beings if I have weed by throwing me in a cage for doing something of my own consent.  (or insert anything illegal that I choose to have in my life) Does the government have consent of MY BODY? Yes they do if they can throw me in a cage for ingesting something of my choosing. Is living as a truly independent human just completely impossible? To live without being under someone else's rule?  Or is that gift only given to animals in nature who don't have to live by human code? I'd literally rather be dead or anything else other than human. I just don't know what to do anymore I just live each day so sad and depressed, nothing excites me anymore and I have absolutely no motivation to even try anything anymore. I 100% don't blame drug addicts for their choices in life, smoking weed does help me feel better about myself and the position I'm in but at the end of the day all it does is make me feel better about life in that exact moment and does nothing for me in the long run which from my point of view seems completely doomed of being meaningful anyways. I'd love to have two children but if they had to go through what I'm going through right now then all their pain and depression would be all my fault and this life just isn't something I'd want to give to someone else its just not worth it. I'm too much of a wimp to just shoot myself but at the same time it'd just be so easy, I just hope that some accident happens to me thats quick and painless. There's a gun safe in my brothers room and just about every day I just imagine how peaceful it'd be after I kill myself to no longer be bound to this unforgiving world. Its almost too good to be true but I guess thats a fair trade for my life.