How do you turn down a promotion?
For background, I have a masters in counseling, am a published author of 4 research studies in professional journals, I have more than 15 years of experience in mental health, most of which are as a therapist. Several times throughout my career, I was on the path to licensure and invariably, my job responsibilities would change (eg: management) and the offer to support it would be forgotten (and unnecessary for the new responsibilities). 

Recently, my position of a year as a therapist became team leader and came again with the promise of having someone at my workplace (who was qualified) supervise me so that I accumulate the hours for licensure. Again, it fell through and I’m not willing or interested in licensure. In my field, it means little in terms of money and a significant amount of additional work. I’ve tried to get out of this field for years but have resigned myself to sitting right where I am, with flexibility, freedom and time to work on side jobs (eg: freelance writing). I Meade $39k a year and was already told that with licensure, they would increase that $500. No thanks.

Sorry this is long. Anyway, my supervisor is now dangling another carrot, telling me that they intend to make me a manager in the near future. I guess if I were at the beginning of my career it might be enticing but I can’t think of anything I’d rather do less. I’m a great worker, fantastic documentarian, supportive and encouraging of my staff and willing to work above and beyond 40 hours every week (I’m salaried, so it’s irrelevant). Bottom line is I don’t want the position, at all. I also don’t want to lose the position I have, so I don’t want to insult the offer. I’m as busy as I want to be and they already get a bargain in the quality of my work. We get health insurance and no vision or dental or retirement. They haven’t in 30+ years and have no intention to do so, so we have to purchase/invest on our own. 

How do I turn down a management position without insulting the organization? I’d love to tell them the true reasons why I don’t want it but I won’t. What would you say?