I let it ruin my life. Don’t make the same mistake.
Someone posted several days ago about how obsessing over college, grades, and extracurriculars ruined their life. I want to share my story.

I developed an adderall addiction early on in my high school career. When I was a freshman, I went on Reddit for study tips and I learned about the “wonderful” effects of adderall. At my school, there are a lot of study drug dealers (uber competitive school) so I squandered a lot of money for just adderall. Now, as a senior, I have an adderall addiction  all because I wanted better grades and a perfect GPA.

I also started taking caffeine pills to stay awake and melatonin to help me sleep on the weekends to make up for the lost sleep time. Imagine how taxing this is to your body. One day, while studying for my chem exam, I took adderall *and* a caffeine pill at the same time and I thought I was gonna have a heart attack. I have never been more scared in my life.

I’ve cried because I got a 35 on my ACT. I spent 90-something dollars in order to raise my score by a mere fucking point. All for what? An added marginal chance of 2.5% of getting into an Ivy League college? 

I’ve also become extremely judgmental about everyone around me. All I care about are grades and academic stats. Because of this, I have absolutely no fucking close friends at all. Being a good person with average grades is so much better than being an asshole with top-tier grades. Don’t be that asshole.

I did all of this because for my whole life I wanted to be a doctor. I finally broke down in my band director’s office today because I realized that being a doctor wasn’t my dream, I was only imagining that it was my dream because of the salary and my parents’ wishes. My whole life I planned to be a doctor, and now, way into senior year, I realized that I have no path other than to become a doctor. I’m stuck in the middle of nowhere and it’s practically too late for me.

To those of you underclassmen, *please.* It’s not worth it. I’ve severely impacted my mental and physical health and social life because I thought grades were the be-all-end-all. I wholeheartedly regret not doing the things I would have loved to do, like practice the piano more or make friends and go hiking with them or explore new hobbies instead of studying all the time. 

Don’t let it ruin your life. Please.