After more than a decade of trying I've come to the conclusion that IT/software is really not for me, and I have absolutely no idea what to do with my life. What are my options?
 I'm turning 30 in a few months and don't really have anything to show for it. Since I was about five years old I've been 'the computer guy' to my family and friends, and while I've had other interests along the way, most have been for fun and not necessarily something I could make a profit off of, or make into a lifestyle. I've been swapping parts and making upgrades since before I was allowed to use the stove. In the past I've been steered back into tech whenever I decide on a whim to do something differently, because according to my friends, my folks, my family, etc, "you have an innate knowledge for how machines work, and you're very socially awkward, so tech is perfect for you".

I went to college for Computer Science, and my professors told me I wasn't cut out for it. I figured, that's nonsense, I'm the computer guy, if I work hard enough and believe I can do it I can be a success story just like every other success story I've read about. Turns out the real world doesn't work that way, and I was transferred to the 'web and game design' major. They didn't want me in that department either but I managed to stick it out. I took a ton of unrelated electives to bring up my GPA enough to stay in school (I don't regret that because I got to take some very cool classes), and I eventually graduated with a very poor major GPA (and a great non-major GPA) and have worked a bunch of Geek Squad/Apple Store/helpdesk related jobs, and a smattering of retail/food service jobs as well.

I've done countless hours of research on how to become a software engineer or IT professional. If I had to guess I'd say somewhere around 12000-18000 hours. Researching bootcamps, languages, putting together websites, doing FreeCodeCamp, going to tech nights and hackathons, it's been a ride for sure. I signed up for HackReactor, Thinkful, AppAcademy, Operation Spark, they all told me I don't have the knack but I kept trying, figuring eventually it'd all click and at that point the pieces would just fall into place. A little while ago I decided I'd make one final effort to make this happen, I enrolled in college for my second Bachelors at a 'go at your own pace' college, this time in Computer Science, and somehow this time I've been able to stick with the program, though I'm much slower than my peers and on average it takes me twice as long to finish courses.

Well, six months into the program and I'm slowly beginning to realize that the reason I've never really been able to 'get it' is that I genuinely hate working with computers, and that scares the hell out of me. In the past few weeks I've found myself doing all the household chores I normally can't stand to procrastinate having to write code/study. I sit down, scroll up and down my 'notes' page a couple times, and say "you know, I don't think the shower has been re-grouted in a while, better get on that". My entire identity, for the past 24+ years, has been based on the idea that at some point I'll be some big shot tech guy. I literally have no other skills.

I feel like I've put all of my eggs (and at this point, enough money to buy a small home) into being 'the computer guy' and if I'm not that, I'm literally starting over from scratch. Technically starting from pre-scratch, because I honestly have no idea what else is out there. People online always say "start with what you like" but in my case I have no idea what I like because I've never tried anything else. I know I can't join the military, or go into the trades, because I'm moderately disabled (both mentally and physically).

I've written a novel here and it's certainly been cathartic but I also feel I'm on the verge of a breakdown. I honestly have no idea what I'm supposed to do at this point.