I'm completely stress free when I shouldn't and I don't know why
The end of the semester is coming up, and my grades aren't exactly good. I got a 3.26 GPA last semester, which was just enough to keep my scholarship money (you need >3.25 cum. GPA to keep it), and my grades this semester are going to drop it down below the threshold, which will make it even harder to pay for school, but for some reason I just don't care. No matter how hard I think I should be studying, I just don't. I say "I'm going to study in the next hour" or "I'm going to do my homework." and then I don't. I even make time to do my school work, to study, and anything else that I need to do, but I just don't do it. It's not that I'm daunted by the work, because it's relatively simple, and studying the material isn't that hard. I know that studying helps, because I've seen the improvements I've made when I do study vs. when I don't, but for some reason that still isn't enough to get me to study. My parents are the ones paying for my school right now, as I don't have a job or any money for myself, and I have no way of paying for my schooling outside of working for scholarships, and I know my parents are going to be both mad and disappointed, and I feel like an asshole for making them pay now $4000 extra per year on top of everything else they're paying for at home like my siblings' extracurriculars, and they can't just stop paying for those, because my brother's future is riding almost entirely on his sports team, which requires a lot of money a month. I just feel like I'm sucking away my parents' hard earned income by being a lazy fuck at school, and that still isn't enough to get me to stop going out drinking or smoking when I should be studying. I know what I'm doing is wrong, and I'm not getting some sick pleasure out of doing it, and I don't know why I can't just sit down and do my work.

Sorry for the giant wall of text, I just don't know what to do anymore.

Update: I just talked to my parents last night. I found out that my mom just got diagnosed with ADD, and I may have it as well. Next time I'm at home, I'm going to the doctor to get diagnosed. If I do have ADD, it would explain quite a bit about my study habits. Thank you all for listening.