I miss being in love, and I fill that void with meaningless sex. Pointless rant.
I miss being in love. There's been no greater feeling in my life than the feeling of loving and being loved by someone. I hate that I crave it so much but I do. I think for the last two years I've been filling that void with sex and it isn't working (to no ones surprise). I've gone from meaningless relationship to meaningless relationship without finding any happiness. Sure, I enjoy sex as much as the next person and  I can get it as often as I please but. That isn't what it's about. It never has been. And honestly I don't even get that much enjoyment out of it anyway- sex is good when you care about the person. If you don't care, it's lousy and pointless. 

Anyway, after two years of fucking around I keep thinking I found a keeper. The guy my friend introduced me to, the guy on my volleyball team, an old flame, a coworker- but every time it ends up like the last. I'm just the girl they want to fuck and that's it. You know what that's fine- if that's what you're looking for great! But why do I keep letting them do it?! I don't want it. But I do it. And it's really starting to take a toll on me emotionally. I have no one to blame but myself- and I've decided to stop. No more meaningless sex. No more hooking up with someone unless I see it going somewhere. And I mean it this time. 

Jesus this makes me sound like such a slut. I mean, I am I guess. Slut shamers would say so anyway, and it doesn't bother me. I'm safe and I don't care about judgement, I'm comfortable enough with my sexuality. 

I miss being in love. I'm so lonely that way. Haha, and my guy friends all say the same thing. "You're amazing! You'd be the perfect girlfriend. I mean I wouldn't date you- but you'll find him". And I know I will. Of course I will but I just miss it. I guess. 


Jesus listen to me. There are worse things in life than loneliness. Im healthy, I have my family and friends and sanity. I'm not that bad off. I just miss laying around the house with someone doing nothing but being in each other's company. I miss the caress with nothing more behind it than wanting to touch them. I miss staring into someone's eyes because you know exactly what they're thinking and you don't have to say anything. I miss the midnight phone call because they're a province away and just wanted to hear my voice. I miss listening to music and hating it because it's not my kind of music but not minding because what makes him happy makes me happy. I miss trying so hard to cook a nice meal and failing miserably and laughing so hard about it with someone. I miss being on someone's mind. 


I'm just lonely. 

Sorry for the completely meaningless rant. Maybe I just put my thoughts on screen away from my brain. My heart.