I'm the person everyone tells you isn't worth keeping in your life, so what the fuck do I do?
Have you ever read those posts? 

Y'know the one's- 

Perhaps it's an AITA or perhaps some relationship thread or basically having anything to do with interaction 

Whatever the post in question is you can always count on one reply 

'what a no good person to have in your life, it's about time to cut them off'

Well I introduce to you the type of person that reply is always referring to 

Me 

Cynical, devoid of meaning, angry, miserable, and a general threat to anyone who wants to be in a good mood 

I'm not often outwardly vile but I believe I am worse. I'm fake and happy at first but afterwards I sit around and ooze a venomous putrid happiness killing escense that murders all joy around me 

Joyless, miserable, and a burden to be around.

I can't help it I guess. I can't be fixed. I'm always the topic of that post...the one made by a guilty friend who cares but cannot handle this emotional toxin of a being any longer 

No one can 

There isn't any fixing me, some people just fall from the tree rotten and dying. There isn't anyone out there for me 

Not really anyways. I know what people like and what and I can be that. I can live to serve. But there will always be that horrid hour where the true nature of my being will burst from its thin cacoon with a veracious appetite for the joy around me, eating through and obliterating all of it like a black hole 

And so I sit here. It's really the best thing for you and me. 

It feels like I'm living under a lake watching all the pretty, fragile boats scoot past. I can't reach for any hand that breaches the waters surface or I am sure to drown anything I touch 

And so I sit here. No one should feel bad, in fact it is my personal belief that no one should know I exist. It's no ones fault 

Birds are born birds and fish are born fish 

I like that good people exist, I just wish I was on their side of this lake, I wish I could be better, I wish I didn't drown you 

Fin.