Trying to build skills on a low budget with less than great hours.
I graduated in May with a design degree and I ended up taking a job at a coffeehouse while I kept looking for work. I was hoping to figure out where I wanted to specialize as a designer so I could better market myself and improve on my craft (Also it turns out that my year was the last year my college would offer my program, so yay! /s). I did eventually sorta figure out that I like working with textiles and as well as working on UX/UI. I was hoping that my time working in food service would only be tempory but it now been over 6 months and nothing has really come to fruition. I want to end up doing something that is meaningful and pays the bills, but I feel like I never have the time, money, or energy.

 I wanted to work on retooling some of my old portfolio pieces that I made in college, but I haven't been able to do so because Adobe is ridiculously expensive when not paying student prices. I've ran into the same issue with textiles because cloth isn't cheap and even the budget-esque practice of making a muslin so as to not use more expensive materials is still more than I can justify as of current. I've been spending money on paying for a domain name that never left a private setting thinking that I could make a blog/ online portfolio site to better promote myself but never could really get everything to run right. I feel like I'm held down by a ton of financial barriers, and that isn't including that I need to start paying back student loans this month.

Time is also a major constraint at the moment. I don't have a car which forces me to use a less than substantial bus system. On average I'll spend 30 minutes a day heading into work, and depending on when I get off, I can end up spending over an hour to get home like I did last night.  I live in the midwest and the temperature has been at or below freezing for a week now. Its really not even properly winter yet, since temps can hang around 0 degrees Farenheit for months. Honestly just having to commute ends up draining a ton of energy, especially when I realize that if I did have a car my commute would take around 20 minutes for a round trip. Being reliant on the bus schedule also limits where I can search for a job and what hours I can work, because the bus cut off before 8pm and run on an hourly schedule. Even if money were not an barrier, I would still be at the mercy of a rapidly fluctuating schedule that leaves me feeling unable to work on anything because I'm constantly having leave far earlier than I need for a shift in order to actually be on time.

In short, I feel that I can make something out of my skills and creative drive but I dont have the time or money necessary to do so. I'm currently looking for a better paying job that has me work more regular hours but so far I've been striking out.  Do I just need better discipline when it comes to practicing, or is there something that I'm missing that I could be working on? I really want to start getting to a better situation fast. I feel like my mental health has really been affected by this.