I feel empty. Sorry for the incoherent wall of text. Just needed to say it all.
I'm 23. My girlfriend and I are in a really bad place. We have dated on and off since we were 15. It never really worked out but we kept coming back to each other. A year ago, after not seeing each other for a year, we hooked up after a concert. I kinda dropped her after that. I didn't want to complicate my life and get depressed over her again. She use to be a really big partier. Raves, concerts, parties. She was forced to drop out of college because she was partying to much and doing a lot of coke. After telling me she was sorry about the past and that she has changed, eventually I decided to give her a chance. We have been together for the last year. It was all really good. We talked about moving in together. Ice never been happier with someone. Things have gotten really bad recently. In April she started working at a bar downtown and has gotten back into party mode. All she ever wants to do lately is drink. She has lied about going out. To be fair I can also be pretty controlling and question her on everything because of our long and rocky past. I feel like she has slowly lost respect for me. I'm pretty introverted and shy. I get really awkward and socially retarded. I feel like it embarrasses her. Which just makes me more shy and awkward. She is really popular with people and has a lot of friends. Most seem more like acquaintances. Most of my friends don't like going out and don't have the same interests as I do. This has caused me to put a lot into my relationship with my girlfriend. She has gotten to be my absolute best friend. But We have gotten into so many fights this summer. Every time we do something it ends up in a fight. She doesn't think we should move in together anymore because we fight to much. I blew up at her a week ago and told her how unhappy I was with everything and how mad I have gotten about how she has treated me. We decided to take a small break until this coming weekend. I can't fucking do anything. I can't concentrate at work. I can't enjoy anything. I can't get her off my mind. I just want to talk to her. Be with her again. Feel her next to me. I feel like a 15 year old again. I just want things to be how they were before she got that stupid job. I don't know how we can fix it. But I dont want this to be over.