My advice to rising seniors
After being on this sub for a while, I'm finally deciding to leave it, seeing as how I'll be off to college in a month and I want to stop comparing how I did in high school to everyone else on here. Before I go, however, I want to leave some advice to all of you who are going to be applying for colleges soon before.

1. Start your applications early. Don't procrastinate on them. That just makes for a lot of stress. 

2. Get your letter of recommendation early and MAKE SURE YOUR TEACHERS SUBMIT THEM TO THE COMMONAPP OR WHATEVER YOU'RE APPLYING ON. Nothing sucks more than knowing that your teacher wrote a great letter of recommendation for you, but they never submitted it. That happened to me while I was applying and I kept forgetting to talk to them.

3. Apply early to a school with rolling admission that you like, even if it's not your first choice. If you can get an acceptance early-on, then it will help calm down your stress as the year goes on. That way, if you dont get accepted to your top choice(s), you'll still have a school like you like that you can go to.

4. When deciding on a college, make sure you know what the dorms are like. Sometimes, the campus is great, but the dorms are awful. You're most likely going to be living in those for one to four years, so make sure you'd be comfortable.

5. JUST BECAUSE YOU GET MAIL FROM A SCHOOL DOES NOT GUARENTEE ACCEPTANCE. For example, I got mail from a lot of places, but out of the ones I applied to, I was accepted to a total of two schools (I'm not going to lie, though, I was aiming high).

6. Just because your scores are above average for some places does not mean you'll get in.

7. Just because you are a legacy amd worked hard does not mean you'll get in.

8. Be proud of the schools that you get into, no matter how high the acceptance rate is.

9. APPLY FOR SCHOLARSHIPS. ESPECIALLY OF YOU ARE IN THAT MIDDLE CLASS ZONE WHERE YOU CAN'T REALLY PAY FOR IT BUT YOU DON'T GET FEDERAL AID. Those scholarships can make a HUGE difference. Sit down and start applying. Stop procrastinating on that.

10. Pick a college because YOU like it and YOU want to go there. Don't let your parents, friends, teachers, or anyone else pick it for you. No matter how excited they are about it, you're going to be the one living there for 4 years. Even if it's some very prestigious university, if you're not happy there, what's the point? If you're going to be miserable all the time and hate what you're doing, what's the point in going there? Don't let anyone pick your school for you. After all, it's YOUR school.

11. Know that your rejections don't set your value as a person. Chances are, you're going to get some rejections and some acceptances. That's normal. Acceptances and rejections don't reflect who you are or your value as a person.

Now, I'm quickly going to say the obligatory "I'm on mobile" so that if the formatting is messed up, y'all know why. I hope that this helps you as you start the application process. Even if only 5 of you see this and take the time to read it, if it helps, then I'll consider it a success. Thanks for taking the time to read this, and good luck with your applications and college searches! May the odds be ever in your favor.