I’m kind of embarrassed by how much taking care of a cat has improved my mental health.
So I’ve dealt with chronic depression my whole life, I have a lot of strategies to help and I’m almost in my thirties, I’m proud that I’ve become pretty functional. But I still have dark days or weeks or sometimes months, and I know I will again in my life. But I can go to work, get along well with my co-workers and clients, and don’t let things spiral until my life implodes like I used to. Always reminds me of a line from a song by the naked and famous:

“There are certain things
That I have to do.
Day to day just to keep it at bay,
You wouldn’t believe if you knew”

And I’ve been doing okay with that. But I let things in my personal life, the parts I can keep private or aren’t a “big deal” slip consistently. My room is always a mess, I let my beard get big and bushy even though I (and everyone I know) thinks it looks much better trimmed, leave bills unpaid too long, the usual put off until tomorrow what I could do today sort of stuff. And not even to do fun stuff, I just kind of dither and worry about the things I’m not doing. 

A few weeks ago a cat just kind of showed up in my life. One of my roommates left the place and didn’t take his cat with him, the lease holder wanted to give him to the humane society but dragged his feet about it. The cat decided I was his person now, started following me around like a puppy and meowing pathetically if I didn’t let him hang out in my room. I was reluctant to adopt him because I was raised to believe pets are a ride or die engagement, and I wasn’t sure I was ready for the commitment. Finally the lease holder said he was going to take him to the humane society that afternoon, I said bye to him with some sadness, and went to work. but he had only been “my cat” for a week so I figure better he go sooner before he got too attached. He’s an adorable sweet boy and only a year old so I didn’t think he would languish too long and he was being taken to a no-kill shelter.

While I was at work it really stuck in my craw. I just kept imagining the poor little guy sitting in a cage and not knowing why he had been brought there or what would happen next. But when I got home he was still there! I decided screw it, he’s my cat now. Told my roommates I’d take responsibility for him and dubbed him Jonesy, cause he looks like the cat from alien.

I’ve been taking care of him for about 3 weeks and my life has improved In pretty much every way. There is the mental health improvement from having an animal around, he’s a very affectionate cat. he waits for me by the door when he hears my car park like a dog, and he pretty much always wants to cuddle. But there is also the improvement from having something to take care of. I’ve been keeping my room clean because he will try to play with anything that crinkles or clanks, so empty cans or bags of chips or whatever are a no go. I always actively
play with him when I get home from work, and just focusing on being present for that period of time and doing nothing but interacting with the cat (I don’t answer text, listen to music, watch TV, I just play with Jonesy) is very calming and centering. Cleaning my room has expanded into just taking better care of myself in general. I’m drinking less, flossing twice a day, keeping the beard neat. I usually feel like all the little things I don’t do are constantly piling up, but right now for the first time in my life I feel like I’m catching up.

I’m straight up embarrassed by how much I love this animal. He’s my little fuzzy rock in a sea of chaos. I can’t control much in the world but I can give this little bastard the best goddamn cat life a cat can have. I know there will still be some dark times ahead but I feel like I have a new ally in the daily struggle. Just wanted to rant about my cat and feeling good for the first time in awhile, thanks for reading!
Edit: it’s so nice to hear everyone’s stories, thanks for commenting!