posting on Reddit gives me anxiety - so this is me fighting that anxiety
I have been a lurker on Reddit, and many other sites on the internet for many years now. It took me years until I could even bring myself to make a Reddit account (and other accounts.) However, I could not bring myself to post anything or any comments no matter how badly I wanted to. In the past, I have posted a few things when I had been feeling brave enough to overcome my anxiety, but I always go back into hiding.

The internet, and Reddit, is supposed to offer a free medium for people to freely express and share their ideas, creations, thoughts, and opinions. Despite amazing, silly, and positive things happening on Reddit everyday, on social media there is social pressure. People wishing to get validation from others (karma, gold, upvotes, etc.) Trolls, negativity, people fighting for the top comment or post.
Before I even wrote this I researched and found several older /r/Anxiety posts about the same topic, and even a whole article describing how I felt.

Even though I tell myself that I don't care about validation from others, that I don't care about what others think or being judged, I still get anxiety. In the back of my mind, I still have fear that whatever I have to say or do is not worth expressing. That someone has said it before, or that its unoriginal, or that it simply isn't good enough. That all of my thoughts are invalid. And because of that I shouldn't even try. Better nothing than a negative outcome.

On top of subconsciously fearing others, I fear myself. That whatever I have to say will never be perfect enough or amount to enough. That my high expectations will never be met anyway so why even try.
All throughout my school life, I have also struggled to complete anything (anything that involves writing or artistic projects) because of anxiety. It was either 100% or 0%. Which was not a healthy way of doing anything.  This post in itself is being written and re-written for weeks now.

But at the moment, I am writing this post to try to battle those thoughts in my head. Something, anything, is better than nothing. This post is to tell my anxiety that it doesn't matter who reads this post or how I write it, just the fact that I did it. That it doesn't matter if what I write or do is perfect, or the best or the worst, or way too long, but that it exists. And that my thoughts are valid because they exist. 
As long as am I alive, I am going to keep trying to find the courage to express myself and allow those thoughts to exist. Reddit is just one small way of doing so.