Hey, I need some drama advice.
Hello. First of all, I want to address that I suffer from anxiety and depression. 

Now I’ll get into the situation;
I sit with a group of girls at lunch in highschool, I do not know them that well, but they’re in the same grade as me and will talk to me, which is rare because I’m reserved and keep to myself. I sit with them because every one else in my lunch shift is an upperclassman (I’m a pathetic freshman :/), and like I said before, I have really bad anxiety and can’t bring myself to go up to some random person and talk to them or sit with them. 

Anyways, there’s this one girl who sits there and she’s the epitome of a Leo. Everyone sides with her and believes everything she says. 
For the past couple of weeks, she says that her mom “abuses her” and stuff.. Her mom is a member of the faculty and I immediately did not believe her.

Today was significant because one of the girls asked if they need to call CPS. 

Today, I told that girl’s ex best friend, who is my best friend, about the situation. (Let’s call her B). I asked her to get in contact with the girls mother and inform her about the situation, which she did.

Her mother recently called me and asked about everything, and I told her the truth. She asked me why I mentioned it to B. I told her that her name was being thrown around in a discriminatory matter, and I assumed she wouldn’t like that. She agreed and told me she would call the other girls and ask them about it.

This might be a little selfish, but the reason I’m having trouble with this is because I know that the mother’s daughter will hate me. She’ll talk shit about me, as she did to B who stopped being friends with her because B called her out on being a pathological liar. 

Again, they’re the only people I sit with. I don’t know anyone else and lunch is 25 minutes long. I have really bad social anxiety and I don’t know where to go. What should I do? 

Sorry this post was really long. I just really need some advice.. thank you for reading