I'm in a friendship that I know is toxic but I'm struggling to get out.
So this is a story that has taken place over almost ten years so I'll keep it short and include only the most important parts. I'm wanting to make sure I'm in the right and maybe seek some advice from others who have been in similar situations.

When I was 17, I started my first real job working at a local store. Being in a small town, many of the younger people working there also went to my high school so I kind of knew some of them but had never really interacted much as I had always been a quiet kid who mostly kept to my own small group of other kids like me (non-rebellious, introverted, anti-alcohol). I don't know why I was like that. I came from a family that was totally cool with partying and normal teenage antics as long as we stayed safe, but I think because I was also a gay kid who had not yet come to terms, I isolated myself from regular circles because I didn't allow myself to be " the real me".

When I made my first friend at the store, I was introduced to people who finally made me feel comfortable with myself and within a year I was taking part in the bigger circles, had started drinking socially, and in general felt like life was more fun. This friend and I became very close over the next few months and soon we were calling each other "best friends". This is when I started to notice red flags.

I won't get into everything but it started as little control things. She would make me and our other mutual friend in a circle of three feel like it was a problem if we brought anyone else into the group, but when she wanted to hang out with other people it was fine. If we did anything outside of our little circle without her, she would make it clear (passive-aggressively) that she didn't like it. When she went off to college, she would be annoyed if we talked about anything we did while she wasn't there as if we were supposed to wait for her to come home before continuing our lives. It was some time in here that I started to feel anxiety whenever I would get a text from her. This anxiety continues to this day.  We would occasionally get into a fight over something ridiculous that should never have been a fight in the first place. Stuff that I just didn't see as a problem -and no reasonable adult would think it was- but she did. If our other friend was dating someone (I didn't date in the small town because I had no options), she would act like her friendship should still take precedence over the relationship. She was always number one and had to control everything. If something good happened to me, I knew she would only be happy if it didn't mean taking me away from her (or out of her vice-grip). I was constantly walking on eggshells. 

We both kept our jobs at the store and would come back between school and other jobs we were doing on the side. Eventually after going to school for a year (I was 21 at the time), I decided to come back to the store and start working my way up and developing a career at the company (let's not go into whether this was a good idea or not. I've just always been lost in terms of what to do with my life so I ended up taking the option that was in front of me). Eventually I moved out of state and took a management position at a store in the city. I would go home and we would hang out sometimes and it felt like the distance was a good thing for me. I no longer felt so controlled. 

The first summer, she and another mutual friend (our old bff had moved on and we had balanced the creepy little private friend group with a third member) came to stay with me for a few days so they could go to a festival that I wasn't interested in. When I left them alone in my house, she snooped through my bedroom closet and found some private things (don't ask lol). Needless to say, I was not happy to find this out later when she made fun of me for it. *She would later go on to retell this story without me present to people I would never share with*. I italicize here to emphasize the severity of this breach of trust in my eyes. I am a very private person and, frankly, I don't think it's unfair to see someone's bedroom *and especially their closet* as off limits when visiting. When confronted about it, she brushed it off and made it seem like I was overreacting and it was funny.

I eventually moved on to a new store in the same city and soon found out that she had decided to come back and move up as well despite having finished a degree. At this point, I was having work related anxiety and had closed myself off and hadn't spoken to her in a few months. I thought I had finally cut the cord and I could let the friendship die. That's when I found out that she was coming to work at the same store as me. This was not planned as she didn't know I was working there. I just about puked. We reconciled our friendship because we both thought it would be awkward to work together and have this rift between us. 

Almost ten years after the beginning, I'm now 26 and still entangled with this person I can't seem to get rid of. She still tells the private stories I have shared with her even after asking her not to. I no longer share anything with her outside of work talk because I know it will come back to haunt me. I never text her first because I keep hoping she'll take the hint but she never will. She still tries to control me and makes me feel guilty for any social activity that doesn't include her. I now try to hide the evidence if I even hang out with other friends. It's a feeling of anxiety that overtakes any fun I might be able to have. I feel like this is high school stuff that has continued into my adult life and I just want it to end, but because we work in the same building in equal positions, I am terrified to cause problems. I am trying to move on to another job but with this COVID-19 epidemic, it may not be for a while. We are essential workers and I have really strong job security at the moment and make decent money.

As I write this, I'm feeling unnecessarily stressed out because days ago she had said she wants to hang out tonight. I don't want her to text me because I know even if I say no, she will pressure me and make me feel guilty. I just don't want the confrontation and if I say no to her, she always makes my feel guilty.  I know if I go over there (and yes I know we should be distancing because of the virus - she doesn't care because we work together anyway), we will spend all night talking about how to fix my problems and she will tell me what's best for me and eventually I will agree just to shut her up even though I actually don't. *I feel that I am at a weak point in my life right now and I would rather be a recluse than have friends who don't make me feel good about myself.*

I'm just done feeling anxious and I want to be free to move on to new social circles and start rebuilding my life. I feel like friends shouldn't cause anxiety and when just a simple text gives you a sense of dread, it's time to cut the cord. I just feel like every time i find the scissors, she finds a way to get them out of my hands before I can.

So much for short lol. It's mostly a vent post, but if anyone has been in a similar situation, please feel free to chime in. I know I'm not the only one dealing with toxic friendships, but it's hard not to feel alone when you're in one. Thanks for reading!

&#x200B;

TL;DR: I'm in a toxic friendship and am struggling to get out of it. Basically the title.