found and performed cpr on dead friend/looking for help
I found my best friend dead from hanging herself just under 3 weeks ago now, I called the ambulance and untied her and gave her CPR for 12-14 minutes before anyone showed up. They ended up working on her for 60-90 minutes and got a faint heart beat back and she was put into an induced coma. I had to call her boyfriend and ex/best friend and we all spent the night in the ICU. I spent a week in shock, meeting her parents who flew in from interstate. Her father thanked me for giving them the opportunity to say goodbye to her. For the first  6 days it seemed there was such a low chance of her making any kind of recovery that we were just waiting for her family to decide to withdraw life support. I had begun grieving, although I was by her bed most days and evenings brushing her hair talking to her and reading to her from our favorite poetry books. On about day 6/7 they decided to take her off sedation and see what would happen and she ended up opening her eyes in front of me for the first time. It was a miracle, and it was also the saddest part reflectively of the entire experience. All she could do was lay and sob. I spent a few days with her like this. I would talk to her and I knew she could hear me because there would be certain things she would cry about and then certain things I would say would calm her back down. It was so incredibly painful. I was convinced over these days I had ruined her life by doing what I did. She was dead when I found her and that I had brought her back to a life of hell. It was my worst fear that she would stay in that state forever, I just couldn’t wrap my head around how incredibly unjust that would be. She ended up within 24 hours of having her breathing tube taken out and her sedation completely ceased able to start breathing on her own, speaking a little and even started moving. It’s all been so surreal. Now that shock has worn off I’m having constant flash backs and panic attacks. I have constant invasive thoughts of killing my self. It’s so painful. I truly want to die, I feel so conflicted and invisible. Because she is recovering our mutual friends almost have forgotten just how traumatic this experience has been for her first and foremost (and realistically this is only just the beginning of a very painful road for her...) and traumatised I am from finding her, untying her, giving her cpr while I knew she was dead, cleaning the blood off the door she was hanging from, and spending 2 straight weeks by her side through every single state in ICU. I even moisturised her arms and legs so her scars would heal properly because nobody was doing it for her. I’m so heart broken. I want to die. I feel invisible and I don’t know where to put my pain. I have nobody because it’s too heavy for anyone to deal with, and all our mutual friends just want to focus on the positives that she is recovering which I understand but it’s like they don’t understand that she hung herself. I’m traumatised for life, and her life is changed for ever even if she does make a full recovery which who knows—she’s still very brain damaged and doesn’t even know what’s happened to Her. I have never posted before, I don’t know anyone who’s had any kind of similar experience. It’s so layered and I have a 11 year history of self harm and drug use, both of which I had recovered from, years since I have self harmed and 3 months since I have used drugs or alcohol, but all I want to do is hurt myself in anyway I can.

Edit: she had hung herself on the back of her door, so by opening her bedroom door that’s how she was released from hanging. I called 000 immediately as I untied the belt from her neck and checked if she was breathing or had a heart beat. All I did was find her and untie her and try wake her up realise she was very obviously dead/not conscious and call 000 and then do what they told me to until anyone arrived because I was in so much shock I was just doing what they were telling me to, even when the woman was like you need to somehow get into that room and I had to kick her desk back and squeeze my way into her bedroom I had no idea why the woman was saying she needed to be laid out flat on her back until all of a sudden the woman was telling me to give her mouth to mouth then I realised I was about to do CPR. I was screaming and crying why are you making me do this she’s dead the entire time and the woman just kept saying I know *my name* but just keep helping her until help gets there. So I did