High-functioning autistic in special needs school (long)
As the title says, I'm a high functioning teenager with mild autism going to a special needs school. I'm here to just complain about my average day.

Now, I live in the Twin Cities, and the school has students from the entire Twin Cities area. My bus only has two other students on it, and the really annoying one we'll call B. I'm the first one who gets picked up on the bus, and so when we get to B's house, we have to wait about ten minutes for him to come out, about half the time screaming and complaining about how early he has to get up. Then, once he calms down, he has a one-sided conversation with nobody in particular about stuff like X-Men, Batman, and Transformers. It's a long 30 minutes to school.

Once we get to school, we go our seperate ways. Unfortunately, my class is right next to B's, so sometimes I can hear him screaming about random stuff. each class has about 6 kids and 3 teachers in it, since there's a 2:1 ratio for student-teacher interaction due to the mental problems. So, the really annoying kids in my class are:  

A: A spoiled, self-centered brat who thinks anything a teacher says is directed towards him, so during lectures, you'll keep hearing him say "Mm-hmm", "Yeah", and "Oh". He also does this thing where any jokes he makes are in an incredibly annoying voice that cannot accurately be described in words. Also, whenever he gets into a fight (which happens a lot, even with almost no provocation), he jumps onto somebody's back and tries to gouge out their eyes, and if he can't do that, he rips the person's skin off with his nails. I know this because he's attacked me twice (thank god he never succeeded in blinding me).  

G: An unpredictable kid with a very bad short term memory and attention skills. Not much to complain about since he sleeps most of the time.  

M: He's okay this year, but last school year there was another really annoying student in the class that they seperated this year because of how bad he made M act. The staff is considering sending him back to mainstream school.  

J: The kind of guy who makes you want to stuff steel wool into your ears to make the pain stop. He never enunciates his words, so it all sounds like one long barely understandable word. Whenever there's a conversation going on nearby him, he feels the need to jump in at random points. He tries to correct people so often that I'd say he should be an editor if so much of what he said weren't true and he knew how to use a dictionary. He weighs about 350 pounds, and he tries to come up with lame excuses whenever somebody tries to get him to exercise in gym. If somebody tries to get him to do schoolwork when he doesn't want to, he freaks out and throws everything around him to random places. He's the main source of my stress.

Thanks for taking the time to read my complaining, because I've been wanting to vent for years, and I only just found this subreddit.