Got Job Offer, HR Process Took a Long Time and Company is Giving Up
Hi everyone,

I got a job offer in another country months ago and the HR process and Visa support process had been rather unpleasant. The process hit a snag at the moment and I'm getting the feeling that the company is giving up on it. I will try to lay out the events as plainly as I can and hope you could offer some advice. Please bear with me:

07 Mar: Got the job offer through email

18 Mar: HR sent me a draft contract for reference

03 Apr: I travelled to the company to meet the people before making a final decision. Happy with it and decided to say yes.

03 Apr: I asked for the final version of the contract

18 Apr: HR sent me the final version of the contract (after multiple emails to ask for it; there was simply no response from them between 3 - 18 Apr)

18 Apr: I signed the contract and sent it to them, and asked for a copy of the contract signed by Company.

26 Apr: HR sent me a copy of contract signed by both parties

02 May: I asked HR some questions about visa application process

(no response whatsoever)

21 May: HR replied that their Lawyer consultant (hired from outside the company) will contact me and guide me through Visa Application

24 May: Lawyer contacted me and asked for documents for assessment

27 May: I sent required documents to Lawyer

(no response from Lawyer; I sent one or two emails to ask for updates)

12 Jun: Lawyer replied and scheduled a skype call for the next day

13 Jun: Skype call to discuss visa application

11 Jul: I visited the embassy to make visa application (this was the earliest embassy appointment I could secure after my call with Lawyer)

The HR and Lawyer had been largely slow in response and passive at best. To make matters worse, my visa application on the 11 Jul failed because we simply applied for the wrong visa category. Prior to the visa application, I have suspected that I may be applying for the wrong visa category (through the contents of an official document from the host country) and tried to reconfirm with the Lawyer. However, the Lawyer insisted that she was correct and I followed her recommendations in the end.

After the failed visa application attempt, the Lawyer expressed her opinion that the Embassy in my country was 'fussy and difficult to deal with' so I doubt she realized the error in application. I kept quiet and began working with her on our second attempt at it.

The preparation of my second visa application required the company to pay a fee for an official process in the host country. The Lawyer and I made that clear to the company and a few days ago, I received an email from HR '...we will contact you when we decide if and how we can support'. My heart sank.

This is where I am at right now. What I can surmise from all of this is that the decision makers (without knowing what's happening on the working level) in the Company are thinking that:

* The recruitment / visa application process is taking too long
* It is simply too damn difficult to get this person from X country to go through visa process

And with that, are probably deciding if it is worth the effort to pursue this further.

What do you think is my best course of action from here? Please take note that I'm still interested to join the company as the team I'll be working with are great.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I'm wondering what I can say to the decision makers to try to rectify the situation. My thought is to tell them of the events that transpired (similar to what I did above) and convey that I understand how it can be when resources are constrained but it nevertheless led to the delays in my case. And also to tell them what should have been an open-and-shut case at the Embassy was made complicated due to the mistake that was made. Of course I'll be as diplomatic as possible. What are your thoughts on this idea?