Did I mess up somewhere in the interview process?
Hello guys,

I need some assistance digesting this. Recently I applied to the creative department in a company located in NYC. I immediately received a response, asking to set some time for a phone interview with the Creative Director. It lasted approximately 30 minutes and it seemed like I gave a good impression since she would discuss benefits and the next steps of the interview process.

A few days later, I arrive at the office within 10-15 mins of my interview. The Creative Director sort of sat me in and told me that our interview would have to be cut short due to a impromptu meeting they had with members of the department. I don't know this was this person was attempting to psych me out or test me but I told her that it wouldn't be a problem for me to have a 20 minute interview. It was fairly casual with her asking me the typical questions and me answering them and also showing my portfolio. Her body language seemed friendly. Was impressed with my accomplishments. She informed along the way that I am being considered as a final candidate for this position.

We temporarily depart and she informs me that she'd be sending me a "test" for me to check out while she was busy in her meeting. I didn't have to work on it, I had until Monday to send in it, and I am free to ask any questions when she gets back. I check it out but sit outside the company's office, decompressing.

She comes back and invites me for the second part of our interview. She showed me around the office and brought me into a room where she says I would work in, informing me that the last person who had this job left for another opportunity. I didn't ask that. She just informed me. I sat down and spoke to her for several minutes, showing her more stuff from my portfolio and she looked impressed. She told me to sit back and brought three more people from the department. I answered questions and showed them pieces from my portfolio. I took the chance to ask them questions because what other alternative is there? They laughed and answered with complete enthusiasm. I smiled. This went back and forth for a bit until I was out of stuff to ask and they didn't have more questions for me. In total, the interview altogether lasted about an hour and some change, close to two hours. At the end, someone from the team walked me out of the office and escorted me to the elevator. I shook everyone's hands.

I sent her a thank you letter because tradition. I did the job test the next day though her email implied that it had to be done on that day (while stating that I had until Monday). I did it within a day I was assigned it. Waited until the weekend, got a response today in the morning and told me she'd be reviewing it. About two hours later, I got the following rejection email from the HR rep:

Dear X

Thank you for taking the time to interview with us for a Digital Designer position with Y. Although your qualifications are impressive, after careful consideration we have decided to pursue another candidate. We will keep your resume on file and will contact you if a suitable position becomes available.

Thank you for your interest in our brand,  We wish you the best of luck in your career search.

Sincerely,

Z

So I'm just sitting here wondering. Did I do something wrong? I know I'm not going to get a honest answer to as to why I wasn't put to further consideration nor does it matter. I have to look elsewhere and hope for a yes. It's just incredibly frustrating.