If you're struggling, take a couple of minutes to read this.
Hey there friends :)

I posted this on r/SuicideWatch but I figured maybe it belonged here too :) 

If you're here that means you're probably hurting a lot right now and I want to start of by saying that I'm sorry. I'm sorry that you're going through this, you don't deserve it and you're important to me. Every single one of you.

I'm also really sorry that I can't take your pain away. If I could, I would take it in a heartbeat, I don't even care that I would have to deal with it. You guys on here are my main priority. 

I've spent a lot of my time on here, messaging people to try to help and the things that you're dealing with are intense. I truly understand everything that you're feeling and it's all valid. You aren't 'weird' or 'wrong' , these feelings are very real and it's so so hard to be fighting with yourself all the time.

I want you all to know that if I could, I'd give you a big hug and let you know that you're worthy and important and that it's going to be okay, even though it feels like the complete opposite right now. 

As someone who has and still is struggling with suicidal thoughts and self harm, I understand it's hard to just 'not' have them. Self harm is as hard to quit as smoking or drinking, because it "relieves" pain for a short while, while building it up in the background that leads to it becoming an unhealthy addiction. 

I know how hard mental illness hits, and while seeing a doctor/therapist/psychologist is a great option, I know that it's hard to make that step. You might not be ready to talk. You might not be able to afford it. You might not be able to get to one by yourself. I understand. But talking about it is proven to help manage things. I can't solve your problems or take them away, however much I want to, but I can make sure you don't go through this alone. 

You can talk to me about anything whenever, no judgement on reddit or discord. 

My reddit is u/I_have_a_cold_soul 

My Discord is I_have_a_cold_soul #3036

A list of international suicide hotline numbers: https://ibpf.org/resource/list-international-suicide-hotlines

Message me if you're struggling or if you aren't. I want to know, how are you doing today? 

Once again, you guys are strong and brave and I'm proud of you endless amounts for fighting everyday, you're such a good job. 
You're great people going through terrible times and that's why you aren't going to do it alone. 

Stay strong :) I believe in every single one of you. 

Max

Edit: Hey you guys! Thank you all for the kind replies! More importantly, thank you to those who reached out to me, I know thats hard and I'm so proud of you. Don't feel disheartened if I don't reply straight away, or get your story confused with someone else's. I care about all of you, but I have to sleep and do homework and go to school too, as well as other stuff so Im trying my best to help you as best as possible. I'll carry on helping, it's just a disclaimer, so don't worry if it takes a little while :D