Bf and I fell in love while on shrooms during COVID-19 pandemic!
Ok so I just wanted to share my story because before this happened, I was searching for threads like this all over reddit and Google and couldn't find that many! And I hope this short (long) story inspires some hope for those lost hopeless romantics who feel like they'll never find "the one"!

Alright so I (22 f) started talking to this guy (21 M) I had as a friend on Facebook but never really talked to. We had people in common, went to different schools, but didn't really know each other personally (aside from Facebook stuff).


Anyway, I had just gotten out of a long term relationship that i had already gotten over months prior. (On and off and not a good time).


So I was reading this book at work one day, and out of the blue I thought to myself "hey this main character description sounds a lot like this guy I have as a friend on Facebook." I ended up messaging him at around 6am to tell him. I have no idea why, I just wanted him to know, and I wanted him to read the book. Anyway a few messages later, he said he was interested in reading the book! I was so excited. I love when people take interest in things I'm interested in, because I love discussing them. Anyway I didn't think much of it, I was mostly excited that he wanted to read the book. So I said he could borrow my copy, and i would drop it off after work. WELL the copy I had at the time wasn't even mine, it was borrowed (from a patient of mine). 

So right after work, I drove to the nearest barnes & noble (20 miles from my house) and got the book. This store is located inside a shopping mall, so while I was there, I picked up a bunch of makeup and clothing because I was so excited. It wasn't until after I got into my car that I asked myself "why am I so excited? Why did I buy all this stuff?" So he told me where he lived, I drove to his house to drop off the book. I was so nervous. He finally came out, i gave him the book through the car window, he got it and rushed off back into his house and said "thanks! Sorry I gotta go. I have something on the stove."
I was like wow okay I guess thats is. I mean what did I expect? 


But NO. We ended up talking more and more and hanging out almost every single night. It was ALWAYS an adventure with this guy. He didn't even have to try. Somehow the night just always ended up being so much fun. We hung out at this lake by our town mostly and just talked. Or we'd go to some views around the city. This went on for about 3 weeks. 

During that whole time, our relationship was completely platonic. We did not confess feelings for each other, we did not compliment each other, we did not flirt AT ALL, we did not kiss, hug, hold hands, go to each others houses, we didn't make crude jokes about sex or dating. It was like we were becoming close friends. Not once did he flirt with me or try to make a move. NOT. ONCE.


So when we first started hanging out, I was guarded and told myself I would not develop a crush for this guy and I would not flirt with him or allow myself to catch feelings. I even restricted myself from admitting he was cute. I limited myself to only talking about past relationships vaguely and not talking about my interests in guys or relationships. I will admit i did this mostly because I thought this guy was WAY out my league, even before I met him. He's one of those guys that gets a bunch of likes on Facebook and gives off those talks-to-a-million-girls vibes. At least thats what i thought back then (yes i know I'm ashamed for thinking this way). I didn't want him to think I was just another girl that was going to be all over him. 


So over time I actually started to catch myself day dreaming about him. I would immediately stop myself. I was really trying not to like this guy. But I couldn't help it. He has an amazing personality, he's so much fun without even trying to be. He always seemed so genuine and never tried too hard at anything. He didn't try to impress me he was just himself. And I always thought he was soooo handsome. But too handsome for me. I mean i think I'm okay looking, but at the time I just thought this guy would never see me that way. Especially with how interesting he is. I considered myself pretty boring. The home-body type.


So one day he told me about his shroom experience. That was probably the first time he told me something so personal. He told me he used to be really quiet, shy, insecure, angry. I was really surprised because this did not seem like him at all. He wasn't shy when first meeting me. He's so patient and nice. He always had something to talk about. He just seemed like the perfect social butterfly.


I had never experienced shrooms before, but I was interested. So a few weeks later, I decided I wanted to try something new.


My life was in a great place. I was newly single, my career was taking off. I loved my job, was making really good money, things at home were great, my friends were all around me. This guy was making things really interesting. Life was just awesome.


So I decided I wanted to try shrooms. I did so. Much. Research. I researched for days. Any chance I got, I spent planning and researching. I ended up coming up with this idea. I'd find us a really nice comfortable place where we could trip safely. I really wanted this to be an unforgettable experience for him (at the time I wouldn't admit why). So i first asked him if he wanted to do shrooms. He said yes. I asked about his schedule for work. So I ended up getting an air bnb really cheap (very beginning of pandemic, pre-stay-at-home enforcement).


 I planned the whole thing. What we would eat. Activities while we tripped. I got different type of bud just in case he had a preference. I made sure the air bnb was in a woodsy location because I knew he was really into that type of environment. I had to locate a plug for the shrooms too which is not easy in a small town, but i was determined!!
I was soooo ready!


Its important to note that at this time, I was so not sure if he liked me or even found me attractive. He was so aloof. Never complimented me on my looks. Never made a move. Never really showed an interest in me other than just as friends.(Although we never discussed this or had the "I'm only looking for friends conversation") I just assumed he only wanted to be friends because of his lack of hinting.


So I decided to just drill it into my brain that this was completely for the shroom experience and would not be romantic at all (me desperately trying not to get my hopes up or formulate unrealistic expectations).
So the day came, he was ready, and we headed up the mountain completely innocent and clueless.


The drive was unbelievably beautiful. Everything was so clear and green with amazing views of the mountains and sparkly lakes. He showed me his favorite music. He had even made me a playlist on spotify. It was becoming harder and harder to not get my hopes up. Every time I looked over at him I just kept thinking holy cow this handsome and unbelievably interesting guy is really taking the time out of his day and willingly spending his weekend with me 😰 


I'll admit I was a bit skeptical at first, how was this guy so perfect? Why has he been hanging out with me so much? Why hasn't he tried anything? I kept waiting for there to be a catch 👀 (to this day, four months later, there has been no catch, he's still perfect!)


So we got to the cabin. Of course it's beautiful. The view is incredible. BUT there's only one bedroom. Only one bed. I nervously explained to him that this was the best cabin with the best view and the best reviewed and that i didn't intend for us to sleep in the same bed, it was just the best choice. He said it was alright not a problem. I offered to sleep on the couch but of course, he said no that he would. So we explored for a bit. Prepared ourselves for the trip and got comfortable. Watched some movies while we waited for it to get dark. (Still nothing romantic at this point).


Then the time came for the shrooms! He ate them whole and i made mine in tea. Holy cowwwwww it WAS THE BEST FEELING AND EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE. I was tearing up for no reason. We were watching tippy music videos and just laughing and vibing. We kept expressing how beautiful everything was. And after a little while i started to really admire him. His smile just looked so beautiful and his eyes were extra shiny and i loved it. 

I ended up getting really nervous being around him but I couldn't tell him why because I didn't want to ruin things. I just covered myself with a blanket and sat on the couch as far from him as possible. He could tell something was wrong and was trying to comfort me. I could tell he was concerned so I tried my best to just act normal again. We were laughing again and I have no idea how we ended up in each other's arms but next thing you know he's smiling and laughing and then KISSED ME. I felt like I was a little kid again and It was like fireworks went off in my chest, I was like at the peak of my trip. After we stopped kissing, he said "hold on, I'll  be right back." I thought he was going to tbe bathroom. But when he came back, he was holding a small box in his hand, he gave it to me and I was completely shocked. He said "i got this for you." I open it and its this beautiful heart shaped necklace, the color of my birthstone, with matching earrings. I nearly died. This has never happened to me in my.life. I had never felt so wooed. 


After that, we just cuddled on the couch together. We were both super quiet. He kept asking if I was alright. Hell yeah I was better than alright. I just couldn't stop thinking about how amazing I felt and how much I loved what happened and how everything fell into place so perfectly. I couldn't stop thinking about how lucky I felt and I swear I felt like I was in a movie. The cabin was warm and cozy, it was super cold outside and foggy, and i was lying in this amazing guys' arms after he kissed me and gave me this amazing gift. I was quiet from the disbelief I was experiencing, but I'm pretty sure he thought I was quiet because I felt weird about what happened. I got up after a while and said I was going to bed. I was still kind of tripping at this point but for some reason I wanted to go to bed. 


After I got into bed, he came in a few moments later (as I hoped he would) and asked if we could share the bed. My heart almost exploded. He came in and we just started to spill the beans. He confessed that he really liked me, but never made a move because he didn't want me to feel like he was only hanging out with me to get with me and because he didn't want me to feel like things were moving too fast. He didnt want me to feel pressured. I confessed my feelings as well and we both couldn't stop talking about how we felt like we were in a movie and how we were just perfect for each other. This went on the whole night until almost morning time. He kept telling me he thought I was beautiful and interesting and perfect in every way. He kept holding me tight and seemed so happy. I'd never seen anyone so happy. 


We ended up having sex. AMAZING SHROOM SEX. We were coming down already but it was still out of this world.


We ate in the morning and then cuddled some more. We couldn't get enough of each other. On the drive home we held hands and couldn't stop talking about our feelings for each other and about the experience. 


We've been together 5 months now and I can honestly say I understand cheesy romance movies now. Hes still very lovey-dovey, we understand each other so well, we love doing things together. Despite our previous failed relationships we have NO trust issues. Not at all. Literally the only problem we have is that we both get cranky when we're hungry.

My family immediately accepted him. His family is the same with me. We've pretty much been dating throughout the whole pandemic and I honestly think it has made us really close. We're best friends and I honestly don't think theres any toxicity in our relationship. We communicate sooooooo well. We're both there for each other and it's amazing. We both have gone through so many things in the short time we've been together, but somehow, every issue seems so small because we get through these things together. Its just amazing how quickly someone can change your life so unexpectedly! We've both changed so much already in many different ways (for the better) in such a short amount of time!
It feels so unreal. I honestly never thought I could fall for someone. I really thought people just pretended to be happy or something. But nope healthy love is real!!! Anyway i just wanted to share this because I really love our story!! I hope everyone out there feeling like they'll never find "the one" read this and get a little hope out of it! It was 100% unexpected for him and I so i hope its the same for you :D!