PSA: if you’re obsessing over how long it’s taking him/her to text you back or hang out, it’s time to drop him/her
Let me explain to you guys a revelation that I had in the last 24 hours.

Yesterday I posted about my unhealthy obsession with how long it was taking for the guy Im dating to text me back (every 4-5 hours). But I never sat there and thought : WHY am I exhibiting these behaviors? And then another thought came to me... why am I paying so much attention to MY behavior and not HIS?


I was making excuses for him. He’s really busy at work. He’s taking a nap. He’s out with his friends. Which are all valid excuses. But the weren’t why he wasn’t texting me back. He’s just NOT that into me. 


Here’s the thing. We’re all pretty smart. We KNOW what interest looks like. When we start obsessing over someone’s texting/calling patterns and how often they ask us to hang out, it’s because they haven’t been making their interest clear. And with that uncertainty comes the unhealthy, obsessive thinking.

I’ve dated plenty of guys and I know that the ones who are truly interested won’t go a day without texting or calling. They won’t say they’re not ready for a relationship “just yet” when you’ve already been dating for months. Because any person who’s truly interested in you and sees the amazing human being that you are would be so incredibly excited to take you off the market. 

I’m coming to the conclusion that this guy is just not that into me. And I’m going to be strong enough to not message him anymore because I respect myself too much to just be texted or called whenever he feels like it. 

And with that revelation and decision, I realized how much anxiety I’ve been harboring over his behavior for the last 5 days. 

Im intelligent
I’m resilient 
I’m kind
I’m loving 

And I’m no longer waiting for that text to validate me. And that makes me feel free.



EDIT: for the people calling me clingy and telling me to chill out. I’m merely speaking from my own experience with this one particular guy I’ve been dating for two months. He went from texting me every hour or so and calling me every night to texting back every 4-5 hours and not calling and not texting at all during the weekends. While still saying he’s interested but not ready for a relationship “just yet”. But would introduce me to his friends as “his girl”.

A lot of mixed signals. And I’m not willing to deal with it anymore.