I hate my sales job, but I also think I just hate work so what do I do?
I never truly knew for sure what I wanted to do. At first a teacher, then a lawyer, then an events planner, with little roles and jobs in between from college til now.

A little over a year ago, things just got too toxic at my previous position within a non-profit organization. I had made my way to Special Events Manager, but did not get any additional compensation and was still expected to be a fundraiser, which is essentially a sales role without commission or bonus, because I was good at it.

So I said “Fuck it” and took a sales role at a huge company in NYC. I had told myself for years that I hated sales. I don’t want to do sales. Sales is stressful and unpredictable and I hate conflict and confrontation which is a large part of sales.

So I’ve been in this sales role for just over a year now. And I’m good at it. I’ve consistently been a top performer in my team. I’ve had my ups and downs, but mostly ups. This quarter however has been difficult and it is of course a quarter in which I am up for promotion if I hit my quota, which I’m very far from as is everyone else in my department due to overextension from corporate.

And I don’t know if I feel depressed because it’s just been difficult. It’s felt like everything that could possibly go wrong has been going wrong. I’ve been trying to be more strategic. Prospect my clients before calling. Be more aggressive. Be a better professional. But everything has been crumbling.

This is when I thought about the last year and wondered how I felt before things started going south. And upon reflection... not good. Even when I was excelling in my role, I was going home and drinking a lot of days. Difficult clients. Pressure from higher ups. Refund requests. I think the stress from this position has been killing me emotionally and physically more than I’ve been letting on.

But I don’t know what to do. I don’t have any job ideas that I think I’d be good at. I can deal with a pay cut, this job was never about the money, but I also need to pay bills, especially if my fiancé ends up going to law school as she plans to.

I’m developing phone anxiety which is a death sentence for a phone salesman. I can’t stand the idea of doing this job any longer when I just want to enjoy my life outside of work without dwelling on the problems I have in the office, which I do a lot.

I am now going back to therapy to deal with these issues and see how I can manage them because right now everything points to me throwing myself in front of the train that normally brings me to Penn Station (I’d never do that to my fiancé, but FUCK do I want to end it.) When things were going WELL I was killing my feelings with weed, vodka, and sleeping pills. It’s not much better now that things are shitty.

So idk what to do. Do I quit and find a less stressful job? Do I suck it up and see if this feeling passes? Do I go off into the wilderness because I’ll never be happy as long as I’m working behind a desk? I’m fucking lost. And unhappy. And I just want to enjoy my life without worrying about my livelihood being tied to something I hate so much.