Want to transition out of bartending, multiple skills but no degree
Tl;dr: Deaf woman who can now hear again wants to find a full time job but only has specialized skills and no degree.  Not sure how to transition.

Ok, so I’ve been tending bar for almost two years at a country club after ten years out of the workforce.  I’m 43, technically deaf but I have two cochlear implants now (that I didn’t have two years ago) and hear really well considering.  I love my workplace but I think they don’t realize my full potential because they know me more as the quiet deaf girl.  

Thing is, I owned my own graphic design business for five years and was really successful in my market.  Managed to get on the first page of google organic search results for my keywords.  I got burnt out with that and sold it after I met my husband.  We’re separated now.  In that ten years I had SSDI approved because of the deafness.  In that ten years I’ve also had a few other diagnosis and was pretty sick, had brain surgery, blah blah.  In any case, I was lucky the place hired me because I needed the work and I can handle the physical aspect for the most part.  They could only give me part time because the day bartender needs to be able to answer the phone.  I can do that now, with specialized equipment.  They’re willing to purchase it.  I don’t really want to work full time there because it’s really boring during the day, pay is tip share and fluctuates so much it’s hard to budget.

In January I reduced my hours for an opportunity to work at home again,  but it didn’t work out.  Boss ghosted me and I haven’t been paid for my work in April, so I’m back at bar with as many hours as they will give me.

Prior to my design business, I worked as an AlohaPOS software (table service and quick service restaurant software) support manager and project manager for five years.  I did pretty much everything including hardware repair, staging, training, installation, network wiring, remote and on site support.  I also trained on the same software for a large corporate rollout.  I set up a company wide oracle CRM which improved our customer service and response/resolution times.

I’ve been looking for Aloha jobs specifically on Indeed and LinkedIn.  Problem is it’s been ten years since I’ve worked with it.  I am also self taught with Adobe Photoshop, Lightroom, illustrator, Bridge.  

I don’t have a degree, but have about 6 semesters of college credits.  Ideally I’d like a full time job but my resume is really specific.  I’m not sure the best way to go about wording it and I don’t want to sell myself as a general project manager when my projects were purely Aloha based.  

The rest of my experience is in the Restaurant industry as fine dining server, Bartender.  It was the first thing I turned back to when I needed work.  I was lucky they had a place for me considering I couldn’t hear a damn thing.  Now that I can, I’m more confident, etc.

I’ve tried working with Vocational rehab but have gotten no where with them.  I think they’re understaffed so my counselor is serving a very large deaf community in the coastal Virginia area.  

Should I have different resumes.  One for design, one for Aloha?  Should I try a recruiting service?  I’m open to office work as well.  Do I mention my cochlear implants up front?  With my hair down you can’t even see them, but I do need a landline to Bluetooth adapter to use the phone.  Feeling really frustrated and underutilized.