Date Gone Wrong: When my date burped at me and used me for free dinner
While I was a grad student (literally last year), I matched with a student athlete on Bumble. She was this giant pretty cute 6'1" tennis player who could most def crush mere average built 5'9" boy like myself. We vibed (so I thought) from DMing each other so I asked her out on a dinner date at a Japanese restaurant. When I saw her in real life, she was just as expected; tall. We had a really friendly dinner but there was an issue with the order. She ordered beef teriyaki dinner plate but instead they brought out chicken teriyaki. When it arrived, by her looks, the waiter immediately recognized the mishap so he promised he'll bring the correct order and left the chicken teriyaki since the wait time was long. Without hesitation she started digging into the chicken teriyaki and by the time the beef teriyaki came out, she was already finished with it. She then started inhaling the beef teriyaki like Kirby swallowing all the innocent waddle dees while I was half way done with my dinner plate (guess I was doing most of the talking since she was too busy focusing on eating but damn that was a spectacle). When she finished her second plate, she looked at me straight in the eyes and let out like the loudest burp I've ever heard. Then in a cutesy way she was like "Oops I ate too fast" and sat back rubbing her full stomach. In my mind I was like "What... the... fuck". If this was all recorded in like a video, you probably can see my hair get blown back due to the sheer force of that expelled gas oof. I was too shook and didn't know what to say at the moment so I just blurted "bless you" as if she sneezed haha. Guess she found that funny to as she was laughing too. Anyways I paid for the bill and when I was driving back near campus so we can hang more, she gave me this lame excuse of how she needs to get back to her dorm because her roommates get drunk and she usually takes care of them. I could've nudged her to ditch them just for one night since I wanted to get to know her more but I obliged. After dropping her off, I texted her that I'm down to hangout again but never got any response thereafter.

TLDR; A girl I took on a date ate 2 whole dinner plates and burped at me, to which she later ghosted me after I paid for her dinner bill.

Edit: Thank you all for the recommendation. I'll def focus more on taking my date out for coffee or something relatively cheap but worthy activity. Hope future dates don't burp at me tho lol