The guy I used to like and maybe still do


It was autumn, october, everything was new for me expect my best friend, at least I had her among those people I didn’t know. 

I really wasn’t planning on starting to like someone, to have a crush on someone. Mainly because the guy i liked for years hurted me to the point I never want to feel love again. 

One day my best friend told me about this guy( lets call him John). Now my best friend knew John as a really nice and shy guy. She thought it’d be really good if I started to like someone who’s worth it and wouldn’t be like the past guy.

In the beginning I wasn’t interested in him at all, I began to see him every day, every time I would go out and slowly without noticing I had fallen for him. (Also just to put it out there, we were never friends and still are not.)

Now I told my best friend that I started to like him and she was happy because she had hopes that he’s a good person, I also told two other friend about him. Now lets name this other two friends Lola and Laura. 

Me and Lola would kinda be goofy around him because that’s just how I was around my friends and I didn’t want to act different just because I liked John or to impress him( being goofy sometimes around him also doesn’t mean that I was goofing around laughing loudly or talking loudly, basically doing something to get his attention). When I would get jealous Lola would go to John and just look at him angry, also she would call my name every time she saw him. 

In the other side my cousin had a friend who knew John so I immediately told my cousin to ask her friend what kind of person was John,(lets name my cousins friend Pete). 

Pete told my cousin that John wasn’t a good person he was kind of an asshole and very selfish, and that I wouldn’t be his type mainly because I’m not the type of girl to dress those fancy dresses and go to the club every friday. The description that Pete gave my cousin was very very different from what my best friend thought John was, and that was immediately a turn off lets say for me. 
I tried to forget him because I wasn’t prepared to be hurt more just like the last time. 

Now a year has past and John never looked at me last year, maybe sometimes. Now everytime we run into each-other he just stares at me, also we have sport class together, and he always looks at me, my friends always catch him staring at me. 

My question is: Why is he looking at me ?Is it because of the things my friend would do in front of him or he just stares at me without a reason? I know this was long but I wanted an advice from someone who might maybe know the real answer and can help me so I don’t have to haunt my self with those thoughts anymore.