What is the significance of there being a counterintelligence investigation vs. a criminal investigation into the President? What is the difference, and has this happened to other elected US government offices?
On Friday the [NY Times broke a story](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/11/us/politics/fbi-trump-russia-inquiry.html) that the President was a part of a 'counterintelligence' investigation, separate from the obstruction investigation, which falls under a 'criminal' investigation and has long been known about.

The Times reports the counterintelligence elements were eventually folded into the criminal investigation:

> The criminal and counterintelligence elements were coupled together into one investigation, former law enforcement officials said in interviews in recent weeks, because if Mr. Trump had ousted the head of the F.B.I. to impede or even end the Russia investigation, that was both a possible crime and a national security concern. The F.B.I.’s counterintelligence division handles national security matters.

The Times notes that the FBI does two types of inquiries, broken down as:

> The F.B.I. conducts two types of inquiries, criminal and counterintelligence investigations. Unlike criminal investigations, which are typically aimed at solving a crime and can result in arrests and convictions, counterintelligence inquiries are generally fact-finding missions to understand what a foreign power is doing and to stop any anti-American activity, like thefts of United States government secrets or covert efforts to influence policy. In most cases, the investigations are carried out quietly, sometimes for years. Often, they result in no arrests.

It's noted that not all former law enforcement officers agree with this move: 

> A vigorous debate has taken shape among some former law enforcement officials outside the case over whether F.B.I. investigators overreacted in opening the counterintelligence inquiry during a tumultuous period at the Justice Department. Other former officials noted that those critics were not privy to all of the evidence and argued that sitting on it would have been an abdication of duty.

---

I have a few questions:

1: What does it mean, or what is the significance of the President being investigated on a counterintelligence level vs. a regular criminal investigation?

2: For a person being investigated, what is the difference between a criminal and counterintelligence investigation? Will you not be told you're under investigation, etc?

3: Is there any precedent for this, as in have there been other government employees or elected officials that have been targeted in counterintelligence investigations?