I’ve “settled” before; here’s what happened. (Female Perspective)
I’m a 28 yo female. Currently single and I’m just here to give a little story about a long-term relationship where I felt I was “settling” and describe how it went. 

I don’t really like using the term settle when describing this relationship or just any relationship for that matter because it has a negative connotation making it sound like ‘ohh I gave in and said yes to the ugly but nice guy’ - that’s not what happened in the story I’m about to tell and I find that in most cases where women and even men feel as though they are settling, it’s not a matter of he/she isn’t good enough, it’s that he/she isn’t the right person. 

I was 23 when I met him (were going to call him Ryan). It was a tinder date. I had pretty good luck on tinder. I met zero creeps, I met very decent professional guys, I matched with most of the guys I had swiped right on (of course not all wanted a relationship and I was respectful of that, I wasn’t offended, I understand what these dating apps are for - just politely told them that’s not what I was looking for or just didn’t pursue anything).

Online dating can be fun and very useful, especially for someone like me who’s pretty shy and introverted (but opinionated and definitely not submissive). Obviously physical appearance is the first thing anyone notices but then comes all the other important attributes (interests, lifestyle, goals/ambitions, etc.) and I do my ‘swiping’ based on the criteria I see/like in that order, especially because I’m doing this for serious dating (side note: tinder was not as saturated in 2015 as it is now. And I no longer use it for dating, due to the many fake/spam profiles). 

So here’s how I’d separate the guys I’m “swiping right on” - there are guys: 

- I really really REALLY like 

- I definitely do like

- I kind of like 

Ryan was a guy I kind of liked. He was a good looking guy (but not my type - dont scrutinize me, I’m allowed to have a type). He was smart with multiple degrees, and I could tell from the look in his eyes/face that he was a genuinely good guy (I ended up being right). We matched. He was easy to talk to/text. He was very quick in asking me out and since I was very eager to get into dating and hopefully meeting someone and getting serious with them, I said yes. Even though I wasn’t really that into him, I thought it wouldn’t hurt. 
Our date went good. He was very very easy to talk, I felt comfortable around him. I had fun. He was really good at ‘courting me’ (hate that word lol but ya). He was a gentleman. I learned that he had a really good job, he was financially stable at age 25! And he wasn’t bad looking. 6 ft, physically in shape, dressed well, well-spoken, great guy! I went home that night not really thinking or feeling anything. I just fell asleep like it was any other night. This story is getting too long.... so we eventually started dating. About a month in I broke up with him because it just didn’t feel right. But then two weeks later, I started to feel alone and I called him and said we’re not getting back together but let’s just go on a date and see what happens. We eventually continued dating..... It was very on and off because I struggled a lot with our intimate life, I had a really really hard time getting into it with him and we really tried everything.... even therapy....

Now I know everyone’s going to wonder why we didn’t just break up for good? Well on my end, it was hard because I had found such a great guy, who understood me, loved me, cared for me, was ALWAYS there for me, he was such an amazing friend to me and that was the problem, he was more like my bestest closest friend that I didn’t want to kiss and have sex with but I did it anyways because he desired me in that way and I felt that I should be doing this because he’s my boyfriend and this is what people do in romantic relationships. I was very open with him about my feelings and had expressed my struggles very clearly from the beginning and he would react by going from being frustrated and resenting me to completely ignoring what I was saying and being in denial about it because he had a bit of a superiority complex (it wasn’t that intolerable, I teased him about it quite often actually) so because of that, he had a hard time even comprehending that someone wouldn’t be “into him” but I’m sure part of him also felt hurt because his feelings/desires were not being reciprocated (at least not genuinely).
The craziest thing was, he was willing to stay with me, he never even considered breaking up as an option, he wanted to make it work and I just went along with it until I couldn’t. 

Our relationship lasted 1.5 years in total with many many breaks in between. We did a lot together. We traveled, stayed in and drank wine, cooked together, ate out at fancy restaurants, he gifted me many many beautiful things. But we also had our ugly moments too. Arguments about my feelings (or lack there of), our awkward sex life (sorry for tmi but I would mainly stay dry to the point where it actually hurt - I never had this issue with anyone else). Toward the end, he loved me but hated me at the same time. We ended on bad terms and don’t speak. I never regret our breakup. I felt suffocated and confused. I had met a decent guy who treated me well and loved me and wanted to give me the world but I just couldn’t bring myself to be into him. I found myself fantasizing about random men all the time while I was with him. He took me “ring browsing” at Tiffany’s once and as excited as I was I kept thinking “why am I here with him? I want this but not with him”, it was awful. I always felt this void. 

So here’s why I wasn’t attracted to him even though he wasn’t considered an unattractive guy. It’s because I have my preferences just like anyone else and sometimes (like in my situation) it’s NOT OKAY to ignore these “preferences”. It’s what we desire. I’m not saying it’s the only thing that matters, but it does matter and shouldn’t be ignored. I learned my lesson. I gave a guy that I wasn’t attracted to a chance and it didn’t work for me. 

So what I took away from that experience was not to swipe right on someone I kind of like. What I do now when I meet a potential someone in person or come across a potential profile on a dating site, I immediately picture myself having really hot passionate sex with them and if I like it and it excites me then I continue with reading their profile and deciding whether or not there’s potential. I know it sounds crazy but it’s helped me avoid situations like the one I described above. 

Now I feel like I’m going to get backlash for the passionate sex thing. People will say things like... oh well... women are only going to feel that with the “top 20% of hot men”. NO. That’s not true. Men on here really don’t give themselves any credit. They bag on themselves more than us women do. Maybe the guy I get excited for when picturing myself having really hot sex with doesn’t look like a Calvin Klein model with a perfect hairline and abs (I actually prefer an average body-type honestly) so don’t say things like that. That guy Ryan I dated, he used to get checked out by girls allll the time when we were out and I always felt confused honestly, I didn’t understand why I couldn’t see what they saw. 

Anyways, to end my story. Don’t ignore the signs of attraction (or lack there of). Don’t listen to people who talk about “leagues” and are telling you to lower your standards and “settle”. Don’t ignore your instincts.