I'm finally breaking the cycle.
To set the stage - 
In 2006, I was broke, freshly transplanted to  major city California, and had 1 job, 30 something hours a week as a baggage handler at the airport.  
I made $11 an hour, and slept on the couch of a friend's apartment.  I never set foot in a grocery store.  Everything was fast food.
I lasted 3 months.  Failed.  Moved back home.
2007 and 2008 had the same cycle.  Pick a state.  Move.  Find a job.  Find a roommate.   Fail.  Move back home.

In 2009, I started college, a cheap university high up in the mountains.  
A Pell Grant was enough to cover all my expenses, and I could have lived modestly.  4 easy years, living on the governments dime while I got a degree.

Instead... Shitty friends, fast food, weed, and booze. A car I couldn't afford but looked good.  New clothes to not wear to the classes I skipped.

In 2011, I failed out.  Car had been repo'd.  Work fired me for missing days.  Bank charged me for overdrafts. Rent came due in a hurry, and I didn't have it.

I had no job.  I was becoming homeless.  
I stayed in a shelter for 6 weeks, working as a dishwasher in a buffet, and server in a dine-in pizza place.  I saved all my money, for 5 full weeks... and blew most on drugs and alcohol.  Its amazing how many friends you accumulate when they're drinking your beer for free.

When the money ran out... The party stopped.  And I failed again.  Crashed hard.

I sold everything I owned, and mom chipped in the rest for a bus ticket.

In 2012, I moved back to my home state (in my late 20's) with $0 in my pocket, half a bag of rolling tobacco, and my skateboard. 
The only good thing in my life... Was my credit was too shitty for a credit card.  So i had no CC debt.  I was truly at $0.

I slept on the living room floor of an old friend's rental house, because the couch was already claimed.
I got on SNAP benefits.
I found a job.  $10 an hour.
I spent as little as possible.
Found a trailer to rent.  Found a better company doing the same work...
  
And for 6 years, I've done my best.  
And it has been hard. 

Like... Grown man lying in bed breaking down crying in fear and stress and anger and frustration, and somehow...
Lasting one more day.  Telling myself... This is not your best.  This is good for now, this is a good today, and I can make tomorrow better. 

I've worked on my own car, taken side jobs, asked for raises and more hours, and accepted any task thrown at me.  
Scrub food out of the floor sinks in the kitchen every night?   Ok.
Work from 5am to 230pm, then go assist from 9pm to 3am on a grease trap replacement inside a restaurant?  Sure.
Drive an hour every day to the jobsite?   You've got it.

 
Now, I'm soon to be married.  Stepkids.  A house in the near future.  A car loan.  A solid job.  A company vehicle.

We paid our wedding off already.  $100 a week each, instead of dining out or going to the movies or buying makeup or clothes.  It took almost 7 months.  

I've learned how to cook for 5 people for $100 a week.  $20 per person for 12-15 meals, since the kids are still in school.  Eggs and potatoes and onions go far.  Pasta is a mainstay.  Rice is a miracle filler.  

We pack lunches and take snacks to work. 
I wait for the sales on brand name cereal and buy 10 boxes for $15. I buy a dozen gatorades when they're 58 cents each through the grocery store app, instead of $2 each at the gas station.  I go to the spanish grocer for cheap produce and off brand cleaning supplies.  

We buy clothes from discount racks, and entertainment secondhand.  Bikes and video games are from CL or Letgo.
Fish and turtles are dirt cheap pets, and you can find a tank for $10 or less.  
A football or soccer ball is maybe $5 at goodwill, and gets the kids out of the apartment and playing with friends.

Our next goal is to stop paying rent, and start paying a mortgage.  We'll get there.

I've been seriously working on Me, for 6 years now, so I didn't repeat the cycle again.  I didn't have a car for almost 3 years.  It took me 4 years before I had an emergency fund.  It took 5 years before the money in savings stayed there.  

And it's working.

It's getting better.

And if I can do it... Me, the loser pothead dropout failure with crooked shoulders and scrawny arms, that used to make your pizza, mad at the world, and deep down... Hating myself for being the situation I was in..

If I can do it...
You can.

EDIT:
THANK YOU ALL.  
I'll do my best to respond to each comment when I'm on lunch.