boyfriend of 6 years killed himself 2 months ago. I’m just done.
title pretty much sums it up. I’ve been depressed since I was a child, have wanted to kill myself for the past decade. I’ve always felt like something was just “missing” in my brain. I’ve been diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and fucked up pretty much every friendship I’ve ever had. I’ve gone to therapy, been on meds, was institutionalized a couple times. Nothing helps.

It’s not that I don’t love life, because I think it’s wonderful and grand. I’ve traveled a lot, and done so much. I genuinely love myself and I love painting and hiking and film and so much in life.. But I just am so tired. I’ve wanted to die for so long. And then two months ago, the love of my life killed himself. We were supposed to get married. He was the only person that I ever had any sort of connection with. He was so unbelievably wonderful and kind and I miss and love him so much. The past two months have been truly, truly horrible. I never thought I could feel so much pain. I’ve had a countless amount of horrible, sad nights due to my mental illness but none even compare. I bought heroin to kill myself. I’ve never done it, so I have no tolerance so mixing that and a few beers will surely do the job. It’s also how my boyfriend died (not an addict, but bought it to kill himself).

I’m driving across the country tomorrow. My family thinks I’m starting a new job (which I do have one lined up that I accepted as a “just in case”), but I’m really just going to travel for a couple more days, see some art museums, go on a hike, and then finally do it. Part of me is scared, but I can’t go on like this anymore. Each day has somehow gotten worse since my boyfriend died, and it’s absolutely unbearable.  I tried to kill myself a month ago and just ended up in a mental hospital that only made things worse. I’m sad about thinking about dying, but only because I’m sad that it can’t end up any other way. Both of my parents have life long mental illnesses that don’t go away, and I have no desire to end up like that. Anyway, I just wanted to tell someone. I’m a really open person, and it’s hard to not talk about this with anyone. Everyone around me knows I’m suicidal (obviously, since I was just in the hospital), but no one knows I have another plan. 

Sorry this was so long. thanks for reading