High School Senior need advice
So as the title says I am a senior in high school. Throughout my high school experience I have been a relatively quiet and reserved person who kinda hung out on the edge of the "main bubble" of people at my school. For the entirety of my 4 years I have kept pretty much the exact same friends that I have been hanging out with since middle school and I absolutely love them and would do anything for them. However recently, a couple of my friends from my group have really found themselves a lot deeper in the main  bubble and have begun talking to other people and even have gotten girlfriends as a result. Personally I could not feel happier for them and find enjoyment just talking with them about there experiences and such. I feel like it's important to note I am not scared of them moving away from me as a friend so that is not my problem. Due to seeing two of my best friends have this entire other life it seems like it has begun to make me feel quite lonely and left out. I want to try and get into the bubble somehow or just a bubble, but I feel as a senior it is kinda hard to move my way in as the friendships seem to have been found and developed already. I have talked to my two friends about this and it feels like there is not much I can do. The reason they got into the bubble comes from them being invited to a couple of get togethers    
a person or two that were in the bubble already. I feel like for some reason I have not been able to get that kind of opportunity, most likely due to something I have done or haven't done. My friends have told me that they feel I have begun to change personality wise and have started to become more social as a result which is good. I just want to be able to make my last semester of highschool great and maybe have the opportunity to take someone to prom. I also want to break my cycle of waking up, going to school, going to extracurricular, going home, playing video games/homework and sleeping. I was thinking about asking my two friends that are in the bubble to maybe try and invite me to a couple get together opportunities and see if I could Integrate myself in and become a part of the group but I feel like that is too much to ask and if they wanted me there they would have already invited me. I was wondering if anyone had any advice about what I  should do and how they would try and deal with my situation if they were me. Sorry if this post seemed all over the place I have wanted to get a lot of stuff off my chest and needed to say a lot. All comments are appreciated.