Got straight-up told that I could pick anxiety attacks, or Jesus.
I should preface this by saying I am 100% certain that this was done with love, and at no point was she anything but sweet and concerned, *but*. 

It really, profoundly bothers me when people insist that my anxiety problems are A. all in my head and essentially voluntary, B. fixable with Jesus, or C. *both!*

I'm living back at home due to debts (oh hi, sudden emergency medical bills) and I made the mistake of expressing the fact that I was having an anxiety attack. Or that it had escalated to a panic attack. Or that the past three or four weeks have, basically, been one long anxiety attack with brief breaks for puppy kisses and wine. My aunt cornered me in my room and gave me a long spiel about Jesus. And, I get it, she was trying to help in her own way. I love that my family loves me. 

But, "You can choose Jesus, or you can choose the panic attacks." "You're the only one who can control the thoughts that are in your head." "When your mom gets back with the medicine, you can tell her, 'I don't need those, I have Jesus!'" (I was having a panic attack, and my pills were elsewhere, but I couldn't drive to get them. I didn't even ask, my mom just went to get them because she is sweet.) In the end I played along with it to get her to leave. 

It just makes me feel *even worse* to suggest that my *diagnosed-by-doctors anxiety disorder, complete with panic attacks* is something that I'm allowing to happen, by way of just not trying hard enough or just not being Jesusy enough. I already feel like a wuss for the thought of driving to Dallas alone at night sending me into a knock-kneed, hyperventilating, dizzymaking panic attack and missing my friend's show. 

Now I'm being told I'm letting it happen for not following the same religion that also used to give me panic attacks because I was convinced every loud noise at night was the Apocalypse. I would express this, but I don't want to sadden my mother, and I'm almost certain I would be told that if Christianity caused me terrible anxiety, I was doing it wrong. 

I realize I'm essentially bitching about my well-meaning aunt trying to help me because I was panicking, but it left me even more distressed than when she started. :(