4 days clean from everything and it hurts really bad
I’m 20 years old

I’ve been struggling for years now with major depression and I spent too long masking it and hurting myself even more with drugs 

I’ve never done “hardcore”  drugs but I used to abuse prescription amphetamines until about 2.5 years ago, with a one time relapse a year ago

After I quit those, I went straight to cigarettes then vaping which kept me hooked until a few months ago now with too many failed attempts at quitting to count (thank god it’s over now)

My most recent vice was using a LOT of Kratom on a daily basis (20-30 dollars worth DAILY) and while I was using that for about 6 months I didn’t go to class and failed all of my classes and finally told my parents (I still live with them) and they basically cracked down on my behavior by having me do more chores around the house and stuff to keep me busy

They aren’t the most empathetic people, but the mood I’m feeling at this exact moment is telling me they’re only doing the best they can to be pragmatic about it

I have a wonderful girlfriend that I’m in love with and if I need to break into tears, she’s there for me to do it. It hurts me so much to put that kind of emotional weight on her, and I try to curb it when I can. 

The bottom line I guess is that it’s my fourth day clean from anything but caffeine for really the first time in years now and they’ve been some of the longest days I can remember 

Maybe this is how days are supposed to feel, maybe I’m not supposed to zone out on some substance or another for hours on end until I eventually crash and repeat the cycle. I know I have to get used to this

Even though I feel lost as hell right now, there are some good parts of me coming back that I missed for a really long time. 

I don’t get angry when customers don’t tip enough because I won’t be able to pick up kratom and vape juice after work. I see dust on my shelves and spills in the bathroom sink. I can lay down and listen to music without having to have my hands busy at the wheel of my car or playing a video game. 

These moods come and go on a minute by minute basis, and have been doing so while I’ve been writing this. I think it’s going to get better. I think I’m in an upswing. My cravings scare me but I have to push forward. 

If anyone out there took the time to read this, thank you so much. I haven’t written anything this long in a very long time, so I’m sorry if it makes no sense.