a message to those applying to college right now
hey, seniors. i know it’s a really stressful time of the year and it feels like your entire life depends on how to gift wrap all the hard work you did the past several years..

i was in your shoes a year ago. damn, i depended my life on college admissions and applications. it’s all i talked about, it’s all my “friends” talked about, it’s all my parents talked about. 

as if it’s life or death. terminologies like t20, t10, legacy, scores, ranking, fafsa,..all of it stressed the shit out of me.

it felt like if i don’t get into a certain level of a school then i’m pretty much fucked for life or something, you know? like if i don’t get into a t10 i’ll think, fuck, i could’ve been this or that and now i’ll never get that chance. just because i missed 30 points on the sat and didn’t get this score, just because i didn’t stay up the extra couple hours to study for the ap exams. 

but honestly, although i’m only a freshman at uni now, i don’t think that’s the case. it definitely is not. 

&#x200B;

your school and the value is what you make of it. sure, the label of a prestigious school can help. but what’s more important is the experience and the quality of it. 

and once you go to the school you choose, you won’t think back and hate yourself for not studying harder for the sat’s or ap’s or revising your essays more. you’ll be so caught up in the moment trying to make most of what you have in front of you and as long as you make it really worth it for you, it’ll be worth so much more than being accepted into some ivy or a goal school of yours. 

because from now you are focusing on what’s ahead of you and what you have now. and by all means, try your hardest to get into the school that you want to go to. don’t hold yourself back. what i’m trying to say is, don’t stress so much about what you could miss out on. focus on what you got. don’t look at what other’s have because everyone will deal with what they have differently. focus on you, what you want, and what you can do with what you have. 

don’t beat yourself up for not being “good enough” because there is no such thing. you are. you are all unique and have your strengths and ambitions and no school is “perfect” or the “best” for anything. 

&#x200B;

i’m a bit of a hypocrite and sometimes i think about how i could’ve gotten in somewhere better but honestly that has not helped me. being upset about it. instead, i'm getting involved on campus and building myself up so i can create myself. i don't have to make this school define me but i can create experiences of my own. i think that's what's most important. 

&#x200B;

good luck to you all. and don't forget you all have done an incredible job getting to this point. give yourself some credit and don't be so hard on yourselves. whatever happens, you will be fine. you'll be happy. 

love you all!!