Walked out on my dinner date, could I have handled it better?
I (22M) had matched with a girl (19F) and we agreed to meet up for some sushi the following night. She seemed friendly over text, and we had no real issue talking about our interests and hobbies. But I’m not the kind of person that likes to text too much before meeting up because I prefer talking to someone in person. 

This is for a few reasons:

1. To see what they sound like and if their tone matches the way they text. A lot of people are great at texting, but when it comes to in person socializing, they can turn into a wall.

2. I can see what they’re body language is like. Even if they sound interested, their body will often show if they actually are or not through things like posture and contact.

3. Finally, to see how they treat others in a public space or forum such as restaurant wait staff. I believe how someone acts towards another that can give them nothing in return shows the type of person that they are.

I could very well be over analyzing, but this is the first time where as time went on, there were more and more red flags/instances that eventually led to me walking out.

Initially, we agreed to meet at the restaurant at 6:30 pm. I text her earlier after I finished work around 3 pm letting her know that I’m looking forward to dinner. I don’t get a text back, which is fine because I saw that she read it. She also told me the night before that she’s free after her last class ends at noon. 

[PROBLEM #1]
I get to the restaurant at 6:25 pm and get us a table inside. Ten minutes pass and at 6:35 pm, I get a text asking if I’m there yet, I reply saying I’m already inside. She then responds saying she got distracting with her dog and that she’ll be there in ten to fifteen minutes. 

Now, I usually don’t mind if someone is running late as long as they have a good reason and let me know in a timely manner. But she did neither of these things. If I agree to meet somebody at a certain time, I’m going to get there early no matter what to account for traffic, parking and searching for the place. Not only does she text me after our meeting time, she said she’ll arrive even later than that. This signals to me that she doesn’t respect other people’s time, especially with a reason like getting distracted by your dog.


[PROBLEM #2]
Once she arrives, we greet each other and I ask her how her day was, and what she did. She said she had classes up until noon, then met up with her friends after for lunch and spent the rest of the day playing with her dog. As she’s taking a look at the menu, she tells me that the reason she loves sushi so much is because her Ex was a sushi chef. 

Now I usually don’t mind when people bring up past relationships on a first date, but this kinda bothered me a lot because we hadn’t really built up much rapport other than talking about what we did in the day. And on top of that, she continued to talk about how he got her into other things like piano, and all the times he would cook for her while they were together. Maybe it’s just me, but I’m sure talking about your Ex this much isn’t something any rational person would do at the beginning of meeting someone for the first time. It occurred to me that the way she was describing him meant the break up was fairly recent.


[PROBLEM #3]
After we get our food, she has trouble using her chopsticks so I tease her about it in a lighthearted manner saying that maybe we should ask for a fork. She does something unexpected and actually decides to start criticizing the sushi chef for not rolling the sushi correctly. I was completely perplexed because our sushi rolls looked exactly the same, barring what was inside, but I had no trouble eating mine. And AGAIN, she brought up how if her Ex had made her sushi, it wouldn’t have turned out this bad. 

I was actually left speechless for a few seconds because the way she said it, it didn’t come off as a joke at all. She was being completely serious and was actually insulting the sushi chef, mind you for something that wasn’t even his fault. Her sushi had been falling apart because of her lack of basic ability to use chopsticks. 


[PROBLEM #4]
And lastly, as the waiter came back to fill up our waters, she had the audacity to say that he had an ugly and unappealing hairstyle. Now I wouldn’t say that his hair was particularly well kempt in my opinion, but I would never say that out loud in a restaurant. For me, that was three strikes and you’re out. 

I had asked the waiter for the check before either of us even got to finishing half of our meal and he brought it within a few minutes. She spent that time not making eye contact, just simply looking at her plate while I stared at her. Once the check came, I give the waiter my card quickly so he could return it. Then she decides to mention out of the blue that her Ex cheated on her. And as much as I hate people who lie and cheat, that doesn’t give her the right to act the way she did in that restaurant, nor does it excuse her behavior. 

I told her after, that maybe she shouldn’t be out dating, wasting other people’s time and insulting strangers who’ve done nothing to her simply because she got cheated on. I picked up my card, signed the check and walked out after that. Unmatched her, blocked and deleted her number because the price of that meal and walking out was better than sticking around for round 2 to uncover what other problems she would want to put on others. 

I think I gave her plenty of chances, and was more than tolerant throughout the night. But perhaps I could’ve handled it differently, thoughts? 


TLDR: I went on a dinner date with a girl that ended in me walking out before we finished our meal. She talked about her Ex majority of the time, talked bad about the wait staff and chef, and tried to make excuses for her behavior. Could I have handled it better/differently?