My Past Continues to Haunt Me.
I know people always say that before you move on to find a new significant other, you should be able to get over your past relationships and essentially have a "Clean Slate". However..I haven't been able to do this for years. Ever since my first serious girlfriend broke up with me (thankfully she did it when she did, or she would have just ended up cheating on me anyways), which was now a little over 2 years ago..I haven't been able to get over anything. 

She was first. My second serious relationship went downhill so quickly I don't even know what I did wrong. One day we were happily together and she was ready to head back to school, with my visits planned to see her already (we went to college together but I graduated first). The next day..she said she hated me and never wanted to talk to me. Since then I haven't been able to do anything to get those conversations out of my mind.

Despite those being my only two serious relationships, there have been countless other girls in my life who, for one reason or another, just quit talking to me. I think something can happen and suddenly it's just gone. Each one of them just starts taking a bigger and bigger toll on me. All of this then culminated in my first girlfriend coming back to me when she was having issues in life..only to have a Friends With Benefits relationship with me for about 3 months while she went around screwing other guys and eventually just broke it off because "she couldn't focus on finding a serious relationship with me in her life", even when I was the only guy who treated her decently and was there for her when she needed it, and now she's gone again.

Sadly, I don't have enough money to move out, and I don't have enough money to get to somewhere new at the moment. Hopefully that could happen in time, but for the time being i'm really stuck. I keep trying to get the past to leave, but it's just always there. Every day it comes back..every day I think about what I might have done wrong and how I could have fixed it and wishing I could go back in time and make things right from the beginning..but at the end of the day I just end up breaking down, crying, and just moving on to the next day.

What do I need to do about it? Is it as simple as finding someone new to get my mind off of the past problems, or is there something I can do to try and fix my mindset? I'm so lost I really don't know what to do..and any help would be appreciated.