My (27F) kid sister (14F) is out of control and my Mother (46F) is doing nothing about it
So, first and foremost, you need to understand the living situation. My 2 sisters (14F) and (11F) are living with my grandmother (67F), and my mother (46F) is partially living with her bf and my grandmother. Now when I say partially, I mean she spends the days and evenings at work with him (they work together) and then sleeps over at his house. She goes back to my grandmother’s house at about 7am to get my sisters on the bus, and doesn’t leave her boyfriends house at all on the weekends. (This has been going on for 4 years, and yes I know she IS practically living with her bf but she won’t admit it)
So, let’s call my sister M. I’ve gotten to the point where I just don’t know what to do. M is constantly having her gf (13F) over at my grandmother’s and having her spend the night for weeks at a time, even though my grandmother has expressed countless times that she doesn’t want her gf there. (The gf has a habit of being a very negative influence on M and being severely disrespectful as a whole) M is also blatantly smoking weed, stealing my grandmother’s cash and keys out of her purse (she now has to hide any and all valuables in her own home), and verbally abuses and curses at my grandmother whenever she doesn’t get her way. I’ve tried SEVERAL times to get my mother involved and explain the severity of M’s behavior, to which she always reply’s with empty threats and small slaps on the wrist over phone calls, only every so often does she actually make an appearance, and that’s after my grandmother has begged her to come over and deal with M. 
I don’t know why my mother hasn’t moved my sisters out with her to her bf’s, according to her they are very much in love and a marriage proposal and moving in is on the way (she’s been saying that for 2 years) but something always comes up, or it’s poor timing. 
I’ve had serious sit down talks with my grandmother, and she’s at a loss too. I absolutely hate seeing what’s become of my family and I just need advice, ANY advice on why M is acting this way and how I can fix it.

Quick background on myself, I have 3 small boys and honestly I have no desire to move M in with me (it has crossed my mind for my grandmother’s sake) but with the way she’s acting, I can’t and won’t let my children around her or in that environment.
Also, M’s father is not present so there’s no other parental figure to turn to.