Is it morally wrong to choose a career that doesn't work to solve the world's most severe problems?
I'm 22 and just graduated college. Naturally, I'm focusing on establishing a career. I've always been interested in the concept of work. Ever since the end of high school, I've thought a lot about why people work and how to have a fulfilling career. This is easily the aspect of my life which I seem to value most, although this value comes from a sense of duty/social obligation rather than my own interest. So there's this question that's been bugging me for awhile.

As I explore different career paths people are pursuing, I can't help but notice that so many of them seem to be kind of... worthless. I make this statement with a lot of skepticism because I don't want to be judgmental with so little information. It's just that I notice so many problems happening in the world: hunger, disease, mental illness, violent crime, oppression, war, poor education, accidents, etc. However, few of these issues are directly effecting me. I live a comfortable life of abundance, security, and all the pleasures one could ask for. Some of this is a result of my own doing, as I enjoy rewards I have earned, but far more of it is just a result of circumstance. I was born in the USA, I'm intelligent, I'm able-bodied, I have a close family, I had access to relatively good education, to name a few of my blessings. But I earned none of this. I don't feel guilty for winning the lottery of circumstance, but I do feel guilty for not helping those who didn't. So here's my question: **is it morally wrong to pursue a career that primarily serves or benefits those on the higher end of the quality of life scale instead of dedicating one's life to solve the world's more severe problems?**

I realize that it's difficult to measure the value produced by, say, a film studio. What if someone is inspired by a movie and decides to travel to a third world country and build a school? But still, it seems that a film studio is just a bunch of people spending time, money, and energy playing with cameras and lights, like a game, when there's people in the world who don't have food. How about another example, a marketing firm that works with fashion brands to sell more expensive sunglasses? I mean seriously? You're working day in and day out to push pieces of plastic people wear on their face so they're a little more comfortable seeing outside? While people are dying of infections diseases because they don't have sanitation infrastructure? Or how about a business accountant? Crunching numbers to make sure you're getting the best tax return so that you can pay your dividends to shareholders so they can buy a new set of golf clubs to hit balls around on huge grass fields where homeless people would be kicked out for sleeping because they have nowhere else to go? I know my perspective is limited and ill informed, but there is truth to the basic concept: people spend resources solving comparatively minor problems when there are very serious issues affecting others in the world.

**What do you think about this? Is it morally wrong to not try to solve the world's biggest problems, if you have the ability to do so? If so, how might we change this about the world? How do we motivate people to create value where is more needed?**