A letter to a friend who'll never read it.
I saw you today. 

Things were good, better than good. You were smiling that idiotic smile that I love. Wearing that old and faded track pants that I begged you to throw away but you never did. Then you saw me. Your face lit up. You came towards me, held my hands and said the silliest, stupidest joke that I ever heard. You know I don't like jokes but you still make me laugh. How do you do that??

We were together after such a long time. Me nagging you, you making me laugh, falling in love all over again. It was just like old times. 

I saw you today. But then I woke up.

I wanted to hold on to you, to be with you and never let you go again, to go back into the dream where you were. But I couldn't. The harder I tried the farther you felt. 

Realization hit; I'd never see you again, I'd never talk to you, nag you, hold you, be held by you, give you the cherry on top of my ice-creams because I still don't like them. 

I hate you.

I hate you. I hate you. I hate you.

I hate you because you never loved me enough. I hate you because you never trusted me enough. And I hate you because you were in pain and you never bothered to share it with me.

Everytime I needed you, you were there. You never complained about the time. You let me cry, shout, rage when I was in pain. You helped me so much. But you never told that you were in pain. Why?? Why didn't you??

Did you not think that I'd do everything to comfort you. I may not have been able to take away your pain, but I would've held your hand through it. 

I hate you. and I'll always hate you. Because I love you. and I'll always love you. 

No one can take your place. You were entirely special. All that sickening positivity and patience. Was it all a lie then? A mask? A cover-up for your feelings?

I'm sorry I failed you. I should've looked deeper. Should've been a better friend. May be if I didn't rely on you so much, you would've been comfortable to rely on me. Is that why you couldn't even say goodbye?

I hate you and I'll always will. And someday I'm going to die as well. It may be now or eighty years from now or anytime in between. I'm going to die and then I'm going to find you in the afterlife. And I'd hit you and kick you and scratch you and strangle you and God knows what else. But I'll never let you go then. I'll always, always be with you. 

Till then, I'll hold you in my heart and dreams and memories.

I'll always love you, you perv.