I got fired for the first time in my life today 3 weeks into the position
This was my first real job out of college. I graduated last summer and worked for my mom while applying to full-time jobs. I wasn’t having any luck until “Company X” hired me on the spot three weeks ago. I was so excited to finally be able to work a real job in my field of study. I interviewed with the President of the company and they made the job seem too good to be true (because it was) but I was sold, as I was desperate to start working. I quickly learned that the position was NOTHING like what I was told it would be. I was pretty much doing customer service for up to 10 hours a day. My coworkers barely spoke to me unless I made a mistake or they needed me to run errands for them outside the office like grab coffees. No matter how nice or accommodating I tried to be, all the managers treated and spoke to me like an outcast. No one even bothered to introduce themselves or ask who I was upon meeting. I was expected to know how to do everything right off the bat without any formal training and was practically scolded by my managers on a daily basis for making honest mistakes. Going to work everyday made me physically uncomfortable but I didn’t want to quit without having anything lined up and I also thought that maybe if i stuck it out a little longer, I could establish myself as a valuable member in the company. Wrong. One of the managers (not even my boss) called me this morning to inform me that “the team had a discussion and felt that  I was not a right fit.” Part of me is relieved that I don’t have to go back to such a toxic work environment but the other part of me feels completely helpless. It took me so long to find this position and now I wonder how long it will take to find the next. My goal was to be employed by the summertime and we’re approaching the end of April. For those who have been laid off, how did you cope? I know three weeks isn’t a long enough time to be invested in a company, but it still feels like a huge slap to the face. Also, how long did it take to get another job? Feeling discouraged :(