At long last, after being kicked around by life a lot, I finally got a job!
This year has been hard. I declared bankruptcy. I had an ok job at an app, got offered a higher paying, closer to my home and way more fun and up my alley job at a theatre company, which I took, and then (after only 6 days, two of which were seeing plays) they let me go a week before Christmas, because "it wasn't a good fit". I noticed on their website that they'd hired two university students to do my job, essentially, they realized they could pay $20k to two students half my salary each and fired me. Two for the price of one.

So, I've been on EI and doing a little freelance web design work.  I did run out of money and eat rice and beans and canned tuna a lot. But I was surviving and I didn't give up.

After tons of interviews, several in which it came down to me and one other person... I got a job. It is 5 minutes from my front door, across from my favourite cafe. It's a marketing and event planning gig and I'm SO excited. The atmosphere feels like I'll fit right in.

I can start rebuilding my credit. I can afford to move somewhere close by that's not falling apart. I'm planning a wedding, and I can afford to save for that.

I'm so proud of myself. 2.5 years ago I was homeless and going through the DTs and drug withdrawal in a jail cell. I went to rehab. I got and stayed clean and sober. I got a part time retail job, got promoted to management, took some online classes, and was able to go from minimum wage to 40k in that time.

I just needed to share. I've been different degrees of broke since I was 16. I can't wait to have enough money to be able to improve my life and my credit.

&#x200B;

Edit: there are too many of you amazing, kind and supportive folks to thank individually (which is a great problem to have!) So just... Thank you. All of you. The kindness of strangers has really touched me, and to have this outpouring of cheering me on and calling my story inspirational... It's a big deal to me, and makes me feel even prouder of myself than I already was. Sending love to all of you. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart.