My last act will be giving my abusive family and ex-fiancee a body to wake up to on Christmas day. I am a kind, sensitive person but have no cares left to give.
I just want to get this out there, not as a cry for help but as a last attempt at some human communication before I die tonight. Why should we be forced to live in a world so fucking cruel? My self worth was decimated in my childhood to the point where I can't cope with the challenges you have to face to be happy. Job interviews, dating.. simply sitting and planning out a path for my life are too anxiety inducing to bare at this point and my whole world has completely collapsed.

When I was eight my dad died from cancer and I was raised by a single mother. From the outside she looks like this strong woman who raised two kids through turbulent times but in cold hard reality she was about as terrible a parent as you can get. She constantly threatened to 'run away' and leave us when we were naughty, routinely told me I was adopted, moved us in with various boyfriends and blamed me personally for the failure of the relationships ("my life would be so much better if you were never born"). When I was 11 she made me beg one of her boyfriends to take her back when he broke up with her because he didn't like the fact she had children. Another one of her boyfriends was 'permitted' to physically abuse me in pretty extreme ways. I would get hit with planks of wood for not unloading the dishwasher and put in arm bars for talking back. I have never heard her admit to being wrong about anything, never heard her apologise and really can see no way to get along with her when she is so extremely different to me. She is racist, has no interest in education or anything more intelligent than reality television and lives off of a tiny monthly life insurance/government pension paid out to widows.

I was painfully shy as a teenager and threw myself into my studies as a means to escape. The one thing I still had going for me was my ability to concentrate because depression hadn't kicked in yet. I left school with straight A grades and went off to study at one of the best universities in my country, it is placed alongside Ivy League universities in world rankings. I wanted to study medicine and become a cancer specialist but I didn't have the self-esteem to apply and opted for human biology instead. Just before I left for college I went to a party in my hometown and met a girl who was about to go and study medicine at a college around 100 miles from mine. It was a perfect night when everyone from school was there saying goodbye to each other and I must have looked a lot more popular than I was with everyone coming to say goodbye to me. She approached *me* and got talking about my plans for college, our chemistry was insane and then she started kissing me. It was unbelievable, she was incredibly beautiful and smart and only had eyes for me. 

I have serious commitment issues and it took about 6 months for me to tell her I loved her, but we talked every day about how much we missed each other and would visit each other's colleges on alternating weekends. I just couldn't get her out of my mind. That Christmas she introduced me to her family and I saw what a real family is for the first time. Loving, interesting conversation, day trips, vacations. The next year was like a dream. She took me to Europe and we visited fifteen countries by train, sleeping in shared hostels and having sex in public bathrooms. The second year was tougher, depression and anxiety began to consume my life but she was loving as ever. I was on a lot of medication and gradually pushed every other person out of my life but she would come to my apartment and put out the bins, buy me food for the week and help me study. I trusted only her. By the time exams came around I was in such a terrible state I turned up to precisely one of them and was told to take a year out by the university's welfare officer. I did that and tried to get better. I tried to run and exercise, see a few friends here and there but the illness was too tough to properly overcome. I was in my twenties and had never had a job, I felt pathetic in every way and strongly considered suicide, but my love for this girl kept me alive.

I returned to college and after a year of anxiety hell managed to complete my studies. The only reason I graduated was that I chose every class that didn't have a final exam, as I knew one exam would be too much pressure. Instead I had endless coursework to complete for random classes about globalisation or the history of science leaving me with a degree totally irrelevant to any industry. 

I was so lost and embarrassed in life, I had no idea how to get a job and didn't want to talk to any friends. I deleted almost everyone from social media because I couldn't stand to see their perfect lives. Once again my girlfriend came to my rescue and took me on a road trip across the US. Again, it was incredible. I asked her why the hell she was with me. She told me I was tall, handsome, intelligent and she knew that just as soon as she graduated and we moved in together I would finally be able to build the confidence I needed to succeed. She truly believed in me after all that time. I asked her to marry me. She said yes, but she wanted a perfect wedding so just as soon as I had a group of friends to attend and we were earning some money we would do it. She graduated in August and we moved in together in September. She started working at a nearby hospital and I went and interviewed for a job in retail to pay my half of the rent. I planned on volunteering, making friends and working on getting a better job this year. From September 1st to November 1st this year I no longer had depression. I was getting up every single day, going to work, coming home and making her dinner. I was fixing up a bike to travel around the city and going out for dinner once a week with my soulmate. Then she left me. She knew everything I'd been through and promised me for years that we'd be happy once we got our own place. I travelled every weekend for 5 hours each way on an old bus to keep her company, make her dinner and take her on dates. 

She has no interest on working on things and says she hasn't loved me for two years, but having someone to help her through the end of med school was 'comfortable'. These last two months have been insufferable. We still sleep in the same bed. All I wanted to do was pull my life together and show her that I'm capable of stepping up and providing us with a great life but some nights I can't help but beg. She has only become more cold and spiteful with each day. She says I'm not a real man, I'm not funny, I'm terrible in bed, she is going to bring other men home and have sex in our apartment. I guess our sex life fell into a rut but she always finished before me and I made her laugh all the time. She doesn't tidy anything in the apartment and I have to run around like an abused housewife washing dishes and cleaning up after her but I can't afford to live anywhere else and I can't go back to my mum's house. It's like a monster has replaced my beautiful angel. She says she is so happy without me and now she's gone to her parents for 10 days. They are *my* family too at this point but I'm not allowed near the house. Her dad is my closest friend other than her and is in denial that she has done this, saying she is just stressed with her new job. I haven't spoken to her for 3 days but tried phoning this afternoon with no answer. Now I have to go and spend Christmas with a family I thought I'd escaped and have barely spoken to for years. Fuck that. I simply will not do this anymore. I cannot spend another day in this horrible fucking world.