Am I "un-employable" ???
I'm 33 years-old, with an Associate's Degree from my local community college in "General Studies" (which, thanks to a really stupid and immature mindset at the time and a "good for (less than) nothing" Guidance Counselor and her lack of guidance) consisted of a bunch of pretty much unrelated classes that didn't really teach me much of anything useful in the real world nor got me to be "specialized" in any one area. 

Sorry for the uber-"run on" sentence.  As a result of having learned nothing much of use in my 8 years (yes it took me 8 years to get a "2-year" degree), I have essentially no "hard skills" to speak of, my "soft skills" are somewhat limited IMHO (but being "my own worst critic", I'm probably "selling myself short" there a bit).  But as far as "hard skills" go, I'm SO lacking that I've come to realize that despite being a Millennial - I don't know "jack $#!t" about computers or technology - which is obviously "key" in this day and age.'

I've NEVER held down a "real" job, unless you count the weekend summer job I had for two years in high school, so my "real-world" experience is essentially limited to a 1-year "fellowship" I did at a non-profit that taught me almost no new skills (if any).  I was given as little responsibility as possible.

Oh, and I almost forgot to mention, I suffer from:

\- Spina Bifida (which affects me in a myriad of ways, mostly physical).  It's pretty "multi-faceted", but if anyone wants to know more, I could probably go into further detail if you cared to ask.

\- Epilepsy (which is largely controlled with medication, but still something to worry about obviously)

\- An "unspecified" Learning Disability (it doesn't have a specific name, like" Dyslexia, or ADD/ADHD which makes it hard to define or even get people to acknowledge.....the school's fought me on it for YEARS, which also accounts for some of my lacking in education).  I'd describe it as largely related to a lacking in having or ability to develop "executive function(ing)" skills.....which just as I read about them briefly to help me write this up, seems like that alone would basically "disqualify" me from ever being able to work.

\- SEVERE depression

\- Social anxiety

And I THINK that's it, but I might be missing something.

&#x200B;

The other thing about it is though, I get "benefits" from the state (MD) - essentially Medicare (I THINK it's Medicare and not Medicaid).  Anyway, if I make above a certain amount of money from a job (and the number isn't even very high, but I forget exactly what it is) I lose ALL my benefits.  So if I were to work, I would either need to make below that "threshold" in money and still live off of not very much money and might as well not even work unless I'm getting other things out of the job like socializing and making friends and perhaps (although HIGHLY unlikely given what I described about my education/skill set) a job that I actually ENJOY (another "run-on" sentence, I apologize) ...... Otherwise, I would need to make enough money that I don't really "*need*" my benefits, which - let's face it - is highly unlikely at least at this point in time....maybe after years of working and getting promotions I'd make enough - if that were even possible.

&#x200B;

Anyway, I feel stuck between a "rock and a hard place".  I'd like to work (in theory) as I feel like a "leech on the system" who essentially just takes money from the government (and tax-payers/society) without giving anything back, BUT I also don't want to be stuck in some "dead-end" job that I hate doing and dread coming to work every day and may or may not cause me to lose my benefits and potentially result in me having less money on a regular basis than if I were to just stay unemployed and collect my benefits.

&#x200B;

But I digress as it would *seem* I'm getting a bit "off topic" here.  What I was really getting at was, given my situation - is it possible for me to even find a job - specifically one that would pay enough that I could support myself without my benefits, without having to go back to school and get like "tons more " education and developing more skills?  Because up until early this year (around Jan./Feb.) I'd been looking pretty damn hard (although if I'd had more determination, "work ethic" and wasn't so damn "beaten down"/dejected and just frankly exhausted from everything I've had to deal with in life and especially mentally exhausted when it comes to searching for and applying to job after job and getting nowhere, never making it past the first interview (and interviews have been few and far between) before being rejected.

&#x200B;

And I've even tried (2) places whose job it is to help me develop new skills and "job hunt" and learn/develop new skills, but I've ended up giving up on both of them due to lack of success and frustration.  With the second one, we never even got around to actually applying to jobs, they just screwed around with me all the time trying to (or claiming to try to teach me new skills) but it took forever for us to make any progress even in that regard.

&#x200B;

(I'm almost finished).  I know I'm ranting now, but I feel like I've run out of options and am really weighing my options as far as whether I need to find new routes to finding a job, or if it's just not even worth it for me to try anymore and I should just learn to be content living on my "benefits".  Especially since I've come to the realization that I'm "tired" of learning and trying to develop new skills (which is kind of a "self-fulfilling prophecy" I guess as far as failing to land a job) and either need help with having the willpower to continue with it or maybe I'm "beyond help" really AM the  complete and utter failure I feel like I am, and should just give up hope.