I want to be happy again.
  

Goal: Currently I am all timer sad and want to be happy. 

I am neither a good person nor a bad person. I am somewhere in the middle or maybe totally out of circle. I don't know. 

I feel like I am living three lives. One which I show to my Family, one to friends and ex-colleagues. I am jobless. And one my true self which I show to myself only. Of course any differences in personality from my true self I manage by pretending someone else in my other two lives. But as soon as I enter my room and after carefully slowly locking my door I throw away the mask I was wearing and then I can clearly see the differences in my voice, thoughts, body language and goals, if any. My body feels so relieved. Then I start getting back in my true zone where I forget the tasks and goals I had planned in my mind. And I start feeding myself the worthless shit on Internet. At that time, I am only looking for that temporary dopamine hits because nothing simpler was giving me any joy. I started losing myself in weed. I sometimes was stealing weed from my friends or roommates. After smoking for at least 3 years, a small joint was not that powerful anymore to bring down the curtains covering my real life problems. So, I jumped to eating. Now again, simpler food was not any joy. Junk is pretty much gonna hit the D-spot. Small meals mean less dopamine. Give me more and more. Don't worry, I'll puke the previous and eat again until I am so wasted by the effort of eating - throwing - eating- throwing and of course the taste of food. There are consequences too. Bloating, Gas, Always upset. But nothing can stop me from doing it again and again atleast from last 2 years nothing has stopped me. Then in search for more dopamine I look for porn. Again, simple means no joy. Fell into Hetero-BBC - Trans - Sissy. Now I don't imagine me having sex with girl instead I am that girl and big funk is fucking me. I started dreaming about dicks. Bought a vibrating dildo. But deep inside I still have that longing for intimate relationships with girl. I never had any. 

I am king of overthinking. I think of every consequence of my actions. Like where I keep dishes in kitchen. Opening and closing door. Even when I am walking down the road. Striking a lighter to light my joint. everything small you can imagine. This makes me mad and too conscious. I keep thinking of my childhood scenes where I lived with my parents and always wondering how time has passed. I was a kid back then and now I am an adult. I am so obsessed with age of people. How old is he or she? That actor? That sports person? and then I compare what I was doing when I was 16, 18, 23 etc. I am 26 right now.   
 I don't check my actions usually but when I check them, they are bad. I am using same pair of clothes for months. Using same toothbrush for years. I have rarely gave any gifts to any one. I am not so close with my parents. I am single child. I lived in rented place for 11 years before leaving for another city for college. My parents finally have their own house now. We live with parents in India till death.   
 I used to steal erasers, scales etc. from school. Even from my parents too. I have been caught sometimes. I now realized that maybe I was less satisfied with myself. I always felt less because all my relatives and friends had there own houses and car. My parents had one two-wheeler and my parents used to fight with each other which used to make me very sad. When I used to watch other parents living happily, I used to think why I don't have that, why my parents are always fighting? This less feeling I still have with me. I still feel less.   
 I am lazy for sure. Now I am sitting idle from last 1 year. No job, no friends, no personal connection with any human being. I never tell my secrets to anyone. Living in a rented room. Financially fucked, Relationships fucked.   
 I feel like a failure. I failed to become a good son, friend, brother, grandson or colleague.   
 I have become more secretive from last 2 years. I eat secretly, want to live secretly (deleting my pictures from social media).   
 I sometimes think If my parents die then I would have no one to answer and then I can live this miserable life for long. I don't think about my future at all. I have not reached the suicide point yet but I think this is how you reach there eventually. I can't imagine myself having a simple life with family and kids and work. I get very anxious imagining that will I be able to do that for these many years. I blame myself for all this. I did not take action when it was needed.   


In the end, I just want to be happy.