"it will get better" being the biggest lie ive been told. I desire suicide.
I currently suffer from Borderline Personality Disorder, clinical depression and general anxiety, and would rather abuse alcohol than take antidepressants, which I believe wouldn't help my already 'too far gone' mindset. 
I'm crushed under the weight of the simplest of daily tasks, getting out of bed in the late hours of the day and walking around tiredly with no motivation to get things done no matter how long I've slept, struggling to shower and get myself clean, suffering from loss of appetite some days to completely over indulging other days, or even just sitting up in my bed. 
I lay there for hours upon waking up, lightheaded from crying for hours in the early hours of the morning until I feel sick, staring blankly at my TV which is almost never turned off. 
I never leave my room. I store bottles of water and food by my bed so I can interact with my housemates as little as possible and drink heavily most nights and pass out drunk after hours of Xbox and minor interaction with the outside world.
I hardly have the stomach to face my housemates, ignore every phone call, mute every messaging service I use and reply to people weeks later only to find they have lost interest in staying in contact with me and decide to distance themselves before I would be able to push them away with made up situations I create with them in fear of abandonment. I fear rejection. I push people away before they get the chance to do so to me so I can say I wasn't the one who fucked up even though cutting the ones I love out for no proper reason is the very definition of "fucked up".
What surprises people the most is the fact that I am well aware that I have friends.
I am well aware that I have people in my life who love me and care about me so much that they want to support me and see me recover and do something productive with my life.
I am well aware that I need help. 
I am not in denial. 
But I'm made to believe I'm a selfish wreck for wanting to die.
I'm made to believe I'm a dumbass for not getting help, all the offers of support and ignoring them so I look fucking stupid despite telling people I just..can't. I don't have the energy anymore. Like, I just can't.
I had goals in life. I dreamt of a sober, healthy lifestyle surrounded by my closest friends and a loving relationship, not being unemployed and relying on benefits because I'm simply too damaged to work a proper job. Just being happy.
Unfortunately, a life like this is almost impossible for the mentally unwell. Knowing you'll have these illnesses for the rest of your life, risking your relationships with your friends and family, your significant other, and the risk of diving so low that you lose your job and end up in the dirt with nothing left or a substance addiction.
I couldn't tell you what's worse.
So far, I found someone I wanted a long lasting relationship with, we love each other and put up with the rough edges we constantly face because of my mental breakdowns and BPD making me believe he was my partner only to make me feel better about myself and that he never truly loved me and that destroyed so much. He faced paragraphs of my insecurities and self loathing, the validation seeking, the questions about whether he even really loved me and it fucked everything up. We had a 6 month break and things returned to the way they were, but once again I destroyed everything because of the shitty made up situations I made up in my head. I'm deeply in love with this person and I struggle to see it work out anymore unless I fix myself but I'm beyond help and don't know how I would even fix myself at this point. 
I have given up. 
I am tired. 
I wanted to fix myself to prove to him that I could be the best person I could possibly be, love him the way he deserves to be loved, and prove to him just how sorry I am for the drama and hurt I caused him. The verbal abuse, the drunken abuse. I look back at the things I did and I just struggle to live a day to day life knowing I caused so much hurt to the person I've loved so deeply since I met him. The person I would give so much for, to bend over backwards just to see him smile. All I think about is the memories we made together and it aches me that I'll probably never experience these things with him again because I'm so broken. Friendship with this person is hard, and I'm deeply saddened that I can't tell him just how I feel. It has driven me to believing I'd be better off dead so I can't hurt him anymore.
I also wanted to fix myself for my family. My friends. 
For myself. Things could be so good right now if I wasn't such a horrible person, so far all I've ever done is created problems for everyone that I've ever loved/everyone that's ever loved me and I can't stand this life anymore. I'm so fucking sad and I'm sick of hurting everyone I love. 
I am unlovable and don't deserve friends. 
This may be it for me, Reddit, this is the tip of the iceberg but the internet cares little for a complete strangers life troubles. 
I have a strong desire for suicide right now, and believe this is the gateway to solving my problems. 
I don't think anything could save me now. 

Mum would be devastated, and who knows if anyone in my circle of friends would care, and I love my mother but I am in pain.