I need some help
So,I have this friend,we’ll call her Ellie,so Ellie has some depression but not to the point of cutting but she keeps talking about wanting to die,she even told me she tried to kill her self once. Thing is she refuses the help I offer and going to the counselor,she says she is waiting for her doctor to open up a slot for her so she can get help. Tbh I am tired of her always complaining to me about how her life sucks and how she wants to die and how She wants help. Then the breaking point for me,Ellie has this guy she likes,let’s call him....Ben,so Ben is kinda already knew but wasn’t sure if Ellie actually liked him, I heard a conversation taht ben had with my classmates and they were trying it get him to spit out who he liked, I joined in and they said this girls name and he said “no and it’s not Ellie either”,Ellie is one of these types who get sad and angry at the boy they like when they talk with other girls,she said to me once how she hated him for talking to other girls and not her I replied with “well since he kinda already knows that you like him,it’s probably awkward for him.” She didn’t listen. So she saw me talking with them and asked me what we Were talking about,I told her everything,she started crying and said she couldn’t do anything anymore,I then suggested the counselor again,another no. After school we went to our dance club and after that,I quote her “I just want to scream my lungs out and until my throat starts bleeding and kill myself” I said not to do that,and told her if the consequences of killing herself. I actually told her to confirm everything with ben awhile ago but she declined, and I told her before if she didn’t do it this type of situation will happen,and told her to just either confess and clear things up or keep it in and either forget about him and try to move on or be in this situation. Now after I told her about the consequences of her dying,She again said she didn’t care and thinks that we will be fine after a few months. I had enough at that point. Ellie is a sweet Girl and I want to be her friend but I can’t take this anymore, she complains to me about dying and her depression but she declines my help and continues complaining to me,so I simply said “well it’s either you forget about him or do whatever the hell you are doing now,if you continue to whine to me all the time and keep refusing my help, you might as well suffer until some doctor comes and save you which isn’t anytime soon,move on from him,he’s just one guy you met in your 15 years of life,you have so many more chances in life later on. I’m done.” I feel really bad for saying that but I truly mean it,was I too harsh? Was I the one who’s wrong? I’ve never lashed out like this before in fear of her killing her self and stuff,please give me advice.