Should I pursue a second Bachelor's degree or apply to a Master's program so I can gain more experience on my resume?
 Hi everyone! I've posted this in a couple other grad school related subs and I felt it would be relevant here.

This is my first post in this sub and as my title suggests, I'm questioning on whether to go and pursue a second Bachelor's degree or continue on to a Master's Program.

I recently graduated with a B.B.A in Economics back in May and after several months of applying to entry level Data Analyst positions and internships, I haven't been receiving any feedback at all from recruiters.

I think my lack of experience in the field is a major turn-off for employers, as I never completed any internships or had any relevant work experience while I was in school. I only took an introductory Econometrics course, but we never were exposed to any of the programs/languages that employers are looking for now. We only used the Data Analysis Toolpak in Microsoft Excel, and only analyzed Simple and Multiple-Linear Regressions from the ANOVA outputs.

This was in addition to analyzing larger data sets in SAP Predictive Analytics, but we were never exposed to R, SQL, SAS, Tableau, or similar programs.

I've always thought about going back to grad school at some point, but if I'm able to get an entry level position as a Data Analyst without a Master's degree, it wouldn't be worth the hassle to enter a Master's degree program. I would only consider grad school if it meant employers taking my resume more seriously.

As far as research interests, I never really thought that far ahead, but if I'm in a program I love, I wouldn't mind compiling/analyzing a data set for a thesis paper. If I were to enter a graduate program, I would probably pursue one where I would have hands-on experience working with R, SQL, Tableau, or similar software.

However, I feel like my only option at this point would be to go back to school, receive a second's Bachelor's degree and complete an internship, as my final undergraduate GPA was a 2.42. I will admit that early on, I was not a serious student and did not take my coursework seriously. It wasn't until my senior year of college that I started to turn my GPA around and took school seriously. In addition, I do not have a strong math/calculus background so I think it would be a hard sell for an admissions committee to consider my application.

As of today, I have not taken the GRE or GMAT exams, but I would be willing to take them if there was a remote possibly that it would help improve my chances of applying somewhere.

Please let me know what your opinions are on my situation, as I really want to start a career where I actually am excited to get out of bed and go to work in the morning.

Thanks again for everyone who's read down this far! Any advice at this point would be extremely helpful!