A message to underclassmen: please choose the right friends.
In light of me (finally) being a senior and starting college apps, I just wanted to put out a word of advice for any underclassmen out there. Please, please, please choose the right friends in high school. And I don’t just mean your typical “stay away from bad kids” advice. Choose people that will lift you up and motivate you in a POSITIVE way. 

I don’t know if it’s just me, but I barely ever hear anyone talking about how important it is to give yourself the correct type of motivation in high school. Imo, one of the biggest mistakes I made was filling my surroundings with negative motivation and not positive motivation. Friends are people who hype you up and motivate you to challenge yourself because *you feel confident*, not people who make you do something because *you feel incompetent compared to them*. It’s good to look up to people, but it’s super important to recognize that line where self-motivation becomes self-criticism ESPECIALLY in high school, where people can get super competitive and toxic. Chances are, if you feel like you’re playing a never-ending catch-up game and being put down for your class choice/grades/test scores, it’s negative for you. 

Unfortunately, the college application process is hyper competitive. That being said, look for friends who value having fun just as much as they value academics. Personally, I made the mistake of surrounding myself with people who cared about nothing but college admissions, and it made my junior year miserable. I was stuck prepping for AP exams all day and didn’t have any time to do, you know, regular teenage stuff. To this day I haven’t been to a single concert, gone to the beach with my friends, or gone on a shopping trip with them. This might sound silly, but trust me. Having fun in high school is just as important as studying and taking the SAT. Getting into an Ivy or T20 is not the whole world, and while it’s important to work hard/aim high leave some downtime for yourself too. 

That’s all I have to write for now. I realize that this might sound a bit cynical, but I just wanted to write this out and clear it off my mind before I start college apps. Peace ✌🏼

EDIT: Wow thank you for the upvotes and award! I didn’t foresee this happening, but thanks so so much.

EDIT: A second award?! You guys are really generous. Some ppl brought up really good points that I think are worth reiterating: As it is with basically everything in life, it’s important to find the right balance of both fun AND academics in high school. It can be hard to find the right people but never be afraid to branch out and have a mixture of acquaintances- don’t feel limited!