I have depression. Help
If anyone is willing to read this and give me advice I’d love it. But I wouldn’t be surprised if no one can help me :( or if no one is willing to read. 

I’m new to reddit. I want to ask for some advice. I’m struggling with depression, but I live in a household where depression doesn’t exist and that if you’re sad you turn to God. 

I can’t go and seek professional help without my parents knowing. My depression is getting very bad. I have lost motivation to take care of myself. I don’t shower, I barely brush my hair and I stink and you can just tell by looking at me that I don’t take care of myself. I’m Muslim so I mask my hair with a hijab so you can’t tell that I don’t take care of it. And I smell like shit because taking a shower feels like work. Everything feels like a task, like a million pound bolder is on me. 

I don’t help out with chores and I’m basically deemed useless and get yelled at all the time. I’m called a disgrace and a disappointment for how I treat myself and how I act. But I can’t help it :(. I don’t have the decency to help myself how can I help anyone else? The only thing I had motivation for was school because I still cared for having a bright future somehow. 

One thing that makes me more depressed is my strict parents. I’m 18, a whole adult and my parents don’t allow me to hang out with my friends or really even do anything for myself. I’d have to beg to hang out with them, as if hanging out with my friends is a holiday thing. I can’t leave the house and do things for myself. Because they have a sexist view of what women can do. I feel like I can’t do anything I want anyways so what’s the point of even trying on myself ? I’m destined to be locked in this house. I don’t even ask to stay out late. I don’t drink, smoke, etc. But I can’t even walk out the house and go to the park by myself :( 

But now, my depression has gotten so bad that I’m starting to get lazy doing my school work, the only thing I had motivation to do. I’ve gained so much weight, I’m irritated over everything, I sleep all the time, new health issues present themselves to me. And I’m scared :( 

If anyone is willing to read this, I’d love your advice. Because my future looks rough if it continues like this.