Help cutting down hours at work for school
So recently, I moved from a cashier position to the service desk. At my store, a grocery store, we're severely understaffed on the entire front end, but even more so on the service desk. When it got dire for the managers they decided to make it either part-time or a full-time position.

The idea being, that the part of the shift where the desk would be empty, 6-10 would be covered by the part-time employee. When they brought this up, I told them I was interested. It worked out to be about 20 hours a week with what one supervisor suggested, and it worked perfectly with my school hours. Well, next week will be my first week, and 37 hours. I'm in college right now, full time on campus. I'm up there two days a week because I pushed them all onto that one day. 

I feel kinda annoyed because the one who schedules us is known for doing stuff like this. "Okay, so I have college starting that week so I need to hit about 20 hours..." and then somehow we hit 35 hours.   
But more importantly, although I will be able to make it through next week, I want to ask you guys for some advice on how to talk to this manager. And arrive it home that anything above \~25 hours won't work for me this semester.

I'm willing to give her the benefit of doubt, last semester I was online part-time. I could work full flexibility and was aiming for \~35 hours a week. But I thought that I made it clear to her at the beginning of the semester that I would have to drastically drop my hours, and I thought that the supervisor made it pretty clear that this was a part-time position, not full time. (Company defines full time like 35-40 hours a week, they don't like overtime)

I like the service desk, it's a great place for me. Especially since checking is really hard on my body with the medicines I'm on. So, do you guys have any advice? I would, of course, prefer to stay at the service desk, but I need to drop those hours, by about 12 at least. I'm not sure how to start this discussion with her, after having talked already. And I'm also not even sure what to say or anything. So, ideas anybody?