Tinder date did a runner after dinner
I've been out of the game for about a year now, just enjoying living on my own and not thinking twice about having a partner. However about a month ago I decided out was time to put myself back out there and signed up for Tinder. I got a couple of matches immediately and the chat didn't really go anywhere, but after about a week I got a match which seemed really promising. We talked for a few days via the app before swapping phone numbers, talked about everything and agreed we'd meet up after another couple of weeks. She was incredibly sweet, seemed really genuine and most exciting of all, keen to meet me and see where it goes.

I suggested going for some dinner, just a casual place I know that does really fantastic Italian food. Then we'd go just up the road to a nice pub. She was happy with this and felt comfortable enough to let me pick her up rather than meet me there (I told her to give my name/number/photo to whoever she liked to make her feel more comfortable etc).

I picked her up on time, I had bought her some flowers which she seemed to really appreciate (said that no one had ever bought her some on a date before) and the chat in the car on the way to the restaurant was cool, no awkwardness etc. Dinner was lovely and she said that she would definitely go back there. I paid for dinner and we left to go to the pub for a drink. She wasn't expecting me to pay and said that she would get the drinks as she didn't want to feel like she owed me anything which is fair enough.

We made our way to the pub and parked up somewhere I could potentially leave my car if we decided to stay for more than 1 and we needed to get a cab home. She asked me what I wanted to drink and said she was going to toilet then will go to the bar. She asked me to go and find a table at the other end of the pub (the quieter end). I text her to say where I was sat and she text back immediately saying ok, be there in a minute.

15 minutes later I'm still sat there like a spare prick at a wedding. I got up and walked round the pub to find that she wasn't there anymore. I text her to say "have you seriously done a runner??" and she messaged me back after about 5 minutes to say her ex was at the bar and she panicked and left. She had mentioned during the date that her last relationship ended badly and that she has a restraining order against him. It sounded plausible but I still wasn't convinced. Why would she not text or call me to say "I'm outside, let's go somewhere else" etc?

I don't think I've ever felt this humiliated. Especially since we talked about our worst ever dates earlier in the night, and to think she couldn't bear to spend a whole one with me! I don't understand how I could have read the evening so differently to her.

This is a major dent in getting back out into the dating world, I feel so deflated.