I asked out a friend and now I'm depressed and anxious. I don't know what to do.
I asked out my friend who I've had feelings for (and still do, mind you) and she said she'd date me. Before I asked her out (days before), I had been getting incredibly nervous, and I was feeling anxious, and I didn't even know how I was feeling. I figured it was just nerves, but it kept up afterwards. I don't know why, but after she said yes, I cried for an hour. I didn't have a date in mind, at that point it was eating me up inside and I just had to ask, so it's been a week and I've still barely kept in contact. I've just been feeling more depressed than I ever have, and I've never felt anxiety, but now it's constant and acute. I was planning on a date that week, but instead I went home to get a Fluoxetine prescription from my doctor, with advice to see a counselor on my college campus. It's been 6 days and I don't know what to do. I constantly feel sad, numb, and scared. It hurts, it really does. It's been emotional pain in my head constantly for a week and a half. I still want to date her, everything has gone so well and I've never clicked with someone like I have with her, but I feel so depressed that being around her doesn't cheer me up, it just makes me feel guilty for being depressed around her instead of making her happy, like I usually make every effort to. My friends are all downstairs playing games together, and they're probably wondering why I'm not with them (I told them "I'll be there soon," before scampering upstairs to hide under my covers), and why I've been so withdrawn. I don't know what to tell my friends, and I don't know what to tell her. I don't know whether to tell them all that I've been depressed, so that they don't think that I just don't want to prioritize spending time with them, or whether I should just tell her, or whether I shouldn't tell anyone. Me and her are both 18 and have never been in a relationship or dated anyone before. Normally I'd say wait and see, but having asked her out, the clock is ticking. I'm just in pain and I don't know what to do to make it stop. In the past, I've been able to think my way out of my depression, but now I can't. Before, my anxiety was always based on having something to worry about, but now it's constant and has no cause. I know I'm a smart, attractive, funny guy who's got a lot going for me, and yet everything I've mentioned before this sentence is also true.

&#x200B;

Should I tell her that we can date, just later?

Should I tell her that we should go back to being friends?

Should I tell her we can be friends until I'm ready to date her?

Should I just tell her that I've been feeling really depressed recently, and that's why I haven't made plans? I know I need *some* explanation.

Should I tell my friends what's going on? I don't know if they really care too much, and I bet they're poorly equipped to help. I don't even know what I need, much less, them.

Should I just tell my friends I can't make it tonight?

&#x200B;

I know this is kind of asking for relationship advice, it's a bit of both, I know. I'm more asking for support, as I'm just hurting, confused, and kind of scared. My friends (particularly her) are the most important thing to me, and I don't want them to think less of me.