I'm so lonely. I can't even imagine what my future will be like.
[throwaway]

I'm a senior in college who turned 21 about 5 months ago. That seems crazy to me. The last 4 years have just been so lonely.

Back in high school, I used to hang out almost entirely with girls. These days, my few friends are guys, the list of girls that I can call friends is getting shorter and shorter. They've all moved away or gotten boyfriends or joined sororities, and don't want to hang out with guys like me anymore.

It seems like every girl I try to talk to just doesn't want anything to do with me. I think I'm an average looking guy, but in this college town it seems like every guy is extremely attractive, successful and outgoing, making me pathetic by comparison. The few girls I meet in class don't seem to want anything to do with me outside of class.

All I ever do with my friends is go to bars or parties, where my friends just try to find girls to hook up with. Every girl I try to talk to or dance with just turns me down. On the rare occasion that a girl seems interested in me, anything I do just ruins it. I'd almost rather just stay home, but then I'd have no social life at all. 

I'm not suicidal--I'm very passionate about my science and that gives me plenty to live for. But what if I'm not successful in the field? I'd be left with more debt than I dare to count, poverty, failure, and my loneliness. I think I can succeed and make an impact in my field, but there's definitely a chance that I might not--so I feel like I need something more.

The other night, I spent about 30 minutes making out with a girl that I did not find attractive in any way. Her friend asked me if I wanted to kiss her for new years, and I was like "sure". Everyone at the party was taking pictures and laughing at us. She really was quite gross. I felt really bad for her, and I feel really bad saying mean things like this, which is part of the reason that I let it happen. But mostly I let it happen because that was the most action I've gotten in years.

Last night, a couple of my friends almost ordered an escort, after having no luck at the bars. I was tempted to join. I wouldn't have done it, but I was definitely tempted.  I'm worried that I'll end up there in the not too distant future.

I really don't know what I can do, if anything. When I try to get out there and find a girl, I fail. And every time I fail, I become more hesitant to try again. I don't know what my life will be like a few years down the road, but if the trend continues, it'll be even lonelier than my life now.

I've posted this to a few different subs. Maybe somebody out there can help me. If you've read this far, then I really appreciate you listening. Thanks for whatever advice you can give, or if none, then thanks for your time and sympathy.