Has "faking it till you make it" gone too far?
I personally feel like Corporate America has become overly focused on rewarding who can be the best narcissist and con artist, and it's hurting workplace performance, integrity, morale, and those who are more honest with themselves and those around them.

The fact is that a lot of us, even those of us who are experienced, are figuring things out as we go.  Secondly, no two jobs or organizations are the same, so finding a perfect segue from one job to another is nearly impossible.  To then have to lie about your current experience or abilities to get a job, and then have to live up to these expectations, helps nobody.  

As someone who tries to be forthcoming and honest at work about expectations (and maybe a little too much so), I've seen it hurt my opportunities so many times.  Furthermore, I see people in positions that they should never be in, simply because they were better at selling the lies about where they're genuinely at with regards to skills and experience.  Their inexperience and lack of skill, as a consequence, often hurt morale and productivity of the team they are placed on or oversee.  

In contrast to this, I think the hiring process should be more transparent and forthright from all parties.  Maybe this transparency will lend more to opportunities of getting actual formalized on-the-job training, mentorship, and advancement opportunities.  If everyone isn't out there lying or faking it to get a job, then companies would have no choice but to invest in training and development if they want to find the candidates they are seeking.  Furthermore, it'd help morale and productivity on teams because then you're not dealing with the repercussions of a manager or colleague who is out of their element trying to *fake it till they make it*.   

What are your thoughts?  Has faking it till you make it gone too far in the sense that it creates an environment where the best con artist wins out, and then everyone else is forced to deal with the consequences of a poor hiring decision when there are no formal training or mentor programs in place to accommodate?

[Why Faking It Till You Make It Is Terrible Advice - Time](https://time.com/5777479/fake-it-till-make-it-advice/)