I have applied to 80 jobs on Linkedin, and have gotten ZERO responses. What am I doing wrong?
Hello,

As seen in the title my job search has been off the chain as of recent. I currently work a 645 to 415 job where I make 35k and work 50+ hours a week. It is soul-draining and I can not do this much longer.

I am currently paying my minimum on my loans among numerous other expenses, I am in no position to just quit until I am able to find a new career.

I graduated a year ago ( Dec '19) from an above-average business program, with a degree in logistics and supply chain. I was quite active, through my fraternity and the supply chain club. My grades were good (3.4) and I am was also able to graduate a year early due to workload and credits from HS.

I look great on paper, I am even better IRL. Not too gloat but I am currently among the top 5 trainees in my current company ( 500+) in sales, but I just have no interest in working there and would leave at the drop of a hat.

However, my job search is horrid, like worse than Season 8 of GOT. I have only been applying to supply chain/logistics field positions. For the most part its been assistants or entry-level positions, and a few higher-level positions for giggles. But its been three weeks now and I have not gotten a single reply, not even a rejection letter.

I have already submitted my resume to r/Resume for help and even used a website to generate a resume.

What I am asking is should I continue busting my chops at my current company or should I leave and work a part-time position and focus solely on finding a better career?

Also if anyone has been in this position, I could really use some advice as I am freshly turned 22 years old just trying to enjoy my early twenties while also being able to pay off some of this ever-increasing debt...

&#x200B;

Thanks !!

&#x200B;

Update:

Today I accepted a job offer for a large manufacturing company as an associate product manager! I wanted to thank everyone who helped throughout, either with wise words or motivational comments, its because of this subreddit I found the will to keep grinding and hustling. Now I am about to start my path to success and hope to someday be able to turn around and help someone like me, its not lost my friend, its just waiting!