Thinking of leaving or changing my program
I’m currently an MS student in an Environmental Biology program, specifically studying freshwater fish. I’m in my second semester. My advisor and lab have a field station a few hours away, which is where I am expected to work this summer as a lab technician (it’s heavily funded by the state and we have a bunch of surveys we’re required to complete as part of that funding), and that is where I would be collecting data for my research.

I’m not far along at all. I should be most of the way through my research proposal and have my committee at least mostly established. Instead, I’m still trying to figure out what to do. I only have a vague idea of my project. I really get little to no support from my advisor, who is very busy and seems to expect me to be far more independent than any other advisors appear to expect from my peers. 

The worst of it is that despite this, I’d expect myself to be further along. I’m not farther along because I don’t care. My interests lie in marine and estuarine ecology, not freshwater, and turns out I’m not all that interested in doing research. Academia kind of just annoys me at this point?

I’ve already had some mental health issues the past year or two that are of course affecting this, but despite the fact that I’m doing better mentally and emotionally now with medication and healthy life habits, I’m as uninterested as ever. 

What I’m considering right now is switching from an MS to an MPS. There is an all coursework option, or a professional option where you do an internship and present a capstone on it at the end. The benefit of this would be 1. Doing something I’m more interested in obviously, and 2. Since it’s within the same school, most of my credits I’ve taken should apply easily. Otherwise I could apply to a different state school. Downside is many deadlines have passed so I would have to start in the spring, or narrow my options to those with later or rolling deadlines.

The major downside to this is losing my TA assistantship. I’m in state, and could take on some loans, but that doesn’t help my day to day situation. I’d have to find some sort of part time job to pay for rent, my car, etc. Or take out some extra loans to help fund that. Not to mention that teaching (I teach the introductory biology lab) is my favorite part of this degree so far. Which I think also says a lot. I dread going to my shared office and seeing my lab mates, while I love helping my students during lab, having them for office hours, and planning my section. 

I’d love people’s thoughts, opinions, questions, advice, etc. anything that you think might help me