I recently accidentally found out that I'm going to be terminated this week or next week (sometime soon) through an email that wasn't meant for me. What should I do about this?
It's a tad complicated but long story short, I use an iPad that I share with my boss at my job for doing my daily duties. I unlocked it and on the screen was an email between my boss, his manager and the HR rep about how my time there is limited and originally they were going to let me go last week but the new hire was on vacation. The language in the email was pretty insulting tbh as I have a medical condition that involves a compromised immune system, so I get sick about once per month for a day or two, and they were calling me a 'pussy' and a 'punk' for calling in sick so frequently. Nobody knows about my condition because my boss has repeatedly said, "if you're sick, just call in sick, I don't need a reason or an excuse." Is this grounds to terminate me? Personally I hate this job so it might be a blessing in disguise but it's hard to find a decent paying job out here with my job experience (or lack thereof). I've been spending a lot of my time looking for a new job already but nothing so far. I live in Vancouver, BC of that helps anything. I've also been made aware that starting this month, each employee is entitled to 5 sick days per year. I have two documented. Is it a really bad idea to take a few sick days to get my max because they're firing me anyway? (Obviously I wouldn't say it that way to management...) Any advice on this would be appreciated.

Edit: I was diagnosed last week with an immunosuppressive disorder so I didn't know about it going into the job. 

Edit 2: Well as of an hour ago I'm jobless. I get two weeks of severance pay and 1 month until my benefits run out. I think that's not terrible considering I was about 2 weeks away from quitting because I hate the job anyway. Blessing in disguise? Thanks y'all for your responses. Still peeved I couldn't find the damn 'pussy' email...