My mother allowed my grandmother to die slowly without telling me a thing.
2 years ago at 4am on the 30th of October 2011, my grandmother succumbed to her lung cancer and passed away age 65 with family members surrounding her, except for me. 

Now what you have to understand is that, my grandmother and I had a very special and strong relationship, probably equal to or stronger than with my own mother as we bonded on every level, especially sport but sadly she supported Liverpool which was a downside.

Now it turns out that my 'Nana' as I called her, had been diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer and given less than a year to live. Over this period I later learned she deteriorated more and more as my mother decided to feed me with lies that she was constantly having bad stomach problems, headaches etc and i was naive to it the entire time, which led to me not even visiting her once as I strongly believed she was ok and that nothing was wrong. 

So on the day before Halloween which I was so excited for, my friends mother even drove to the local skate park to tell me that I had to go home because Nana 'wasnt doing the best'. So she drives me to where my dad is waiting and i get into the car and say "What is it is Nana ok?" , to which he replies "Nana died this morning".

I was in shock, no tears the entire period of grieving, the wake, the funeral, afterwards, nothing at all. It was only one day that I was eavesdropping on my granddad speaking to my mum and he told her he had "nothing to live for" and "wanted to join her", as they had been married for 50 years and he now lives alone in a very rural part of Ireland, that I realised what had happened and I broke down.

My mother tries to console me that she 'didn't want me to be upset' and that 'it would've only caused me pain' sorry what? I never got to even say fucking goodbye to her and she decided to hold the 'burden' of not telling me? Although my initial rage has passed I still have a massive grudge to this day that I cannot let go of, that my Nana went through the final stages of her life without me there to even say one word to her.