Reminder: male or female, your lack of success on a dating app is most likely not your fault and in no way a fair reflection of you (or how I deleted my apps and started loving myself and felt happier)
You don't need me to tell you about the woes many people, regardless of gender and orientation, deal with on dating apps. Feeling like they're not good looking enough, like they're not interesting enough, not tall enough or make enough money, etc. Let me tell you, I've been there so many times before. I've been on and off dating apps over the past several years, all at different times in my life , and for different reasons (looking for something casual, something serious, just out of boredom)

I've had a decent amount of success on these apps (by success I mean simply landing a date with a girl, regardless of whether anything more happened with her after), but I've definitely had more failures than anything. And like everyone else, I'd beat myself up and constantly wonder what I did wrong: did I not choose the right pics? Was my opening line poor? Was I too straightforward? And so on

This bothered me for a long time, because I genuinely thought I wasn't good enough for a lot of people. But this past year I've made a genuine big effort to improve myself, physically and mentally. I'm 20 days away from turning 30, yet I'm in the best shape of my life, I look fantastic and have been dressing better, and I've finally learned what it's like to be a truly confident person. Also importantly: I've been noticing a lot of girls checking me out, smiling at me, etc

Why do I bring this up? Because this past weekend I wanted to ask a girl out that I'd been crushing on, only to find out she has a boyfriend. I wasn't necessarily bummed about it, more like "Well, I don't really know anyone else I'm interested in, maybe I could get on Bumble and see what's up"

Then I stopped myself, and I thought, I've made all this positive, great progress so far, why mess it up now? I'll probably get on Bumble or Tinder, not get many decent matches, and then be left wondering, again, if it's because I'm not tall enough or not make enough or whatever. I've gotten enough good vibes from people in real life to know I can do better than what I'd potentially get on an app

I know I'm not the only person who's keeping away from dating apps for the sake of their confidence/anxiety, and I also know that plenty more people still struggle because they think they're not enough

But you know what? You are dudes. All of you. Are you a little shy or introverted, maybe awkward and not sure how to talk to people? That's perfectly fine. There's lots of people who are like that. Are you worried you're not good looking enough? You're probably better looking than you give yourself credit for, and if you feel like there's room for improvement, it's not as daunting as it may seem: get yourself in shape and get some new clothes. You'll see how wonderful it all feels

This isn't something that happens overnight either. I've been working on myself since the beginning of the year, and with each passing week I'm still learning new things about myself, about mindfulness and confidence, about positive self-esteem and loving myself. It hasn't all been smooth sailing; I've hit a few road bumps along the way, but something else I've learned is how to better deal with those bumps. Setbacks don't feel so bad anymore; the highs are gradually getting higher, and the lows aren't as low

This can be you, because if I can do it, you can too. It's just going to take a lot of patience, dedicated effort, and persistence. If you stick with it, you'll get there, I promise

But wherever you are right now in your dating life, just remember: don't take Tinder, Bumble, whatever you're using, too seriously. Most of the people on there are either on there for the attention, don't know what they're looking for, or have such ridiculous expectations that they're probably not worth the trouble anyways (if a girl's deciding factor is how tall you are, or a guy decides based on how quickly you sleep with him, they weren't for you to begin with)

These two pics are from the last month or two. They're both probably two of the best pics anyone's ever taken of me (for different reasons):
https://imgur.com/7uDsRTI

https://imgur.com/0ygcDPg

Sometimes when I'm feeling a bit low I look at them and remind myself, shit, look how far you've come, and how much farther up you could go still. And, again, I'm just under three weeks away from hitting 30. I know people from high school (my age and younger) who've let themselves go, have basically given up, etc. I wasn't the best looking or most athletic when I was in high school or college, but I wouldn't trade what I have right now for anything

Again, this isn't something that is unique to me. I don't have any special powers or talents or shortcuts that got me here. It just takes times and perseverance. But I don't have a doubt in my mind that all of you could reach where I am too (if you're not there already) 

Love yourself, and the right person will come around. That's why I decided against installing a dating app: I'm not in a rush, and I have too much on my plate to be worrying about why I'm not getting the matches I want

Thank you for reading. I'd love to hear from all of you, whether you're happily in a relationship, on your way up like I am, or struggling (which, by the way, is perfectly, utterly fine. We've all been there). Share your stories, advice, suggestions, whatever