I'm terrified of speaking on the phone and extremely afraid of balloons.
I just can't do it. I guess i'm most scared of dialling the wrong number (I have to check several times while the call is being connected) or not knowing what to say.

Whenever I have to call someone I don't know (e.g. making an appointment, calling customer service, calling a store to find out their hours/if they have something in stock, or anyone I don't really know), I end up staring at the phone for up to several hours trying to put it off. And when I eventually do end up dialling the number, in those long seconds of dial tone, my heart is pounding and I get really sweaty as I try to remember what I'm about to say because as soon as someone says "My name is ________, how can I help you today?" I will automagically forget everything I had rehearsed in my head. Hearing "this call is being recorded for quality control purposes" makes me even more nervous because it makes me think that they are evaluating and judging *me* even though I rationally understand it's probably the specialist being evaluated.

The same goes for leaving messages. Sometimes I think this is even worse than getting a live person because I know that whatever stupid things I say are recorded and can be listened to and replayed many times. Once I hear the beep it's time for me to go but I simply end up stammering and trying to piece together ideas that I wanted to say (probably in the wrong order, too). The worst thing is I'll hang up when I think I'm done and I won't remember what I said and what I wanted to say but forgot.

This anxiety doesn't stop at phones. I am also horribly afraid of (inflated) balloons. Just the rubber ones, not the aluminum ones. When I see a balloon I freeze up because I know it could pop at any instant without any warning. **Seeing a balloon makes me want to talk on the phone all day with complete strangers.** I have been ~~forced~~ persuaded to play "balloon popping" games where the objective is to pop as many as possible and I basically end up with a panic attack, and when I explain that I'm afraid of balloons nobody takes me seriously. I mean my sister has even threatened to blow up a balloon and pop it if I don't do what she says, so I am forced to comply. I wish I could get therapy for this but I don't have enough money or time (as I'm in university).

Any advice would be extremely helpful.

**Tl;dr** I'm afraid of talking on the phone with people I don't know and even more scared of balloons but nobody believes me.