My crush is seeing someone else. It's not bad, but it still hurts.
Background: I'm a 19 year old male, studying at college.

I've met this awesome girl, let's call her Julie. Julie was good looking, fun, a nice person overall. I'd give her a 7/10. We started talking after she asked for my help during Programming class. It seemed like she was interested in me. We texted a lot, talked a lot, all that stuff.

Then she became colder and colder. She didn't talk to me with the same interest as before. Then Julie started talking to this other guy. "No big deal", I thought, "she's just talking." Then they started dating. 

The worst part about liking someone is when they don't like you back. Maybe I bored her, or maybe I was just misinterpreting her. But even worse than that is when they begin dating another person. EVEN worse is when both are in the same classes as you. You're forced to watch them kiss, hold hands, hug, be happy, while you're lonely and bitter because you don't have a girlfriend and never had one. It's like a psychological torture...

You know that one moment, where you walk out of the classroom, and see your crush and her bf kissing? It got me by surprise. It was a Monday, they started dating on Saturday. I walked outta the classroom, and saw they kissing. It's that moment when your heart stops for a second or two. A friend of mine described this feeling: "It's like a guitar string snapping".

And the same thing happened last year. First year of college, met another awesome gal, I'm gonna call her Mary . She was interested (I'm 100% sure of that), but due to my stupidness (and a small misunderstanding), Mary started hating me, and then began dating someone else. Of course, as time passed, she forgave me, and now we're good friends, though she is still dating the same dude.

I know that being bitter because of a girl sounds stupid. I'm not angry nor bothered by the situation, because I know it's my fault.

I got a friend who's been through a similar problem. Yesterday we talked about our failed love lifes, comforting each other. He then jokingly talked about becoming gay, because "happiness is at the tip of a dick".

That last part was unnecessary, but it was funny. Anyway, sorry for my rant and my poor grammar (English isn't my first language).