I want to share my story (molestation, anger issues, and depression). I’m scared, but I’m doing it for you guys. You are not alone.
Hi guys,

My name’s Phil, and I'm an 18 years old male. I’ve never done anything like this before. But, I thought it could help at least one person (maybe even myself) so I’m going to give it a try. Here’s the story of my years-long battle.

I would consider my life up until the age of four to be quite normal; I was good at making friends, I had a very childish “romance” with a girl at preschool, and I lived in a stable household. It was on my fourth birthday where my life started to tread downhill. My parents had invited my best friend from preschool over to my house for my birthday party. From what I remember, the party was quite swell. I had cake and such and such, typical party. After it was over, my best friend invited me to spend the night at his house. I begged my parents, and they conceded. I ate dinner there and we were soon sent to bed (if you find it hard to read about molestation, skip to the next paragraph. I’m going to be very frank about my experience). Now, before I continue, I must say that I still think about this night vividly on occasion 14 years after it happened, and it makes me sick to my stomach every time. It has become harder and harder to make out all the details with the passing years, but how it felt is still engraved into my brain. It has made me feel like less of a man, and very much like a tool made to be used. Well, here I go. After we entered our respective beds, my friend says he wanted to try something on me that his father had done to him. I agreed. I had absolutely no clue what he meant, but next thing I knew he had put himself into my bed and did exactly what he said he would do. The same thing his father had done to him. I refuse to go into more detail for both my and your sake. After this point, it was a blur. I remember telling my mother about it and that’s about it.

After that night I had never felt the same. 

A year passed and I had enter elementary school. I didn’t have the same ability I once had to make friends with other kids. This was the beginning of my ostracization. As the years increased, so did my weight. By the end of elementary school, I weighed roughly 210lb. The increase continued into middle school where I hit a max, of I believe, 270lb. I hated myself, I was fat, friendless, and most importantly, loveless. At this point, my parents’ marriage was starting to show cracks. There was constant fighting. These fights primarily were a result of my half-sister who at the time was a heroin addict (I believe she has now recovered, but I don’t know for sure). I started to grow angry at this time. Very angry. Angry at the world, my parents, and myself. I hated everything. I was very eager to start fights and to stick it to people. I remember physically assaulting a number of people that I would have considered friends because they caused me the slightest annoyance, specifically one boy, I hit multiple times. I have never said sorry to any of these people (if you happen to read this, I’m very sorry). I probably hurt them greatly and ruined their trust in others.

This anger lasted until high school where it turned into competitiveness. After developing this personality trait, I lost 100lb, which reinforced it. I had to win everything. If I didn’t, I would break down. I’ve famously punched many walls, leaving many dents. As you can probably imagine this wasn’t healthy. This level of competitiveness slowly turned into sadness. With everything I mentioned up until now: my inability to make friends, my anger, my competitiveness, and my unattractive physical appearance I was one of the most hated individuals within my school. My very complicated personality mixed with my standing with my peers led to depression. I became very depressed during my junior year of high school. I was having very bad depressive episodes every night. It started to noticeably affect my school work (at this time I was fourth in my class out of 110), I felt like I had to work even harder to maintain what I had, all I had, which was my grades. To make things worse, this is when my parents got divorced. To be frank, I didn’t cry, I didn’t care. After developing my weird personality, my parents had no value to me, but it still worsened my depression.

On a day, during the November of 2018, I tried to kill myself (if you have a hard time reading about suicide, skip to the next paragraph). This is something, just like my molestation, I have a very hard time talking about, so I’m going to keep it brief. I had decided to live with my father after the divorce, and he had a 9mm in his bedroom closet. On a day that he was off on business, I decided I was going to do it. I didn’t even write a note, I didn’t want to be remembered, I wanted to be silent. I remember loading it and putting it to my head. I sat there, and I sat there. Eventually, my mind brought me to this girl who had been very kind to me over the last year and how sad she would be if this was the route I took. So I put the gun down, and I cried.

Now, a year and a half later, here I am. I’m now on 20mg of Lexapro after my doctor noticed my depression. I still experience depressive episodes now and then (a lot more recently because of the coronavirus outbreak). I’m now getting prepared to go to my dream college, and I feel like I have some semblance of control in my life. There is a lot I didn’t talk about in this, including my experiences with alcohol abuse and my personal relationship with the girl that in essence stopped my suicide, but I didn’t want to make this too long. Now that all is pretty much said and done, what advice can I give? 

-Live for the dreams you’ve yet to see materialize.

-Live for the people you haven’t met that you’ll make smile.

-And, given the aforementioned, live the life you want. Live the dreams *you* want, and make the people *you* want to smile. 

I hope this shows at least one person that they are not alone. If you think no one cares about your situation, I do. Thanks for reading this.

Post: I wrote this at 3am. If there’s any errors, I’ll fix them in the morning. I’m sorry if it’s all over the place, I’m very bad at writing about myself. If you want to reach out to me and ask questions, feel free. Thanks again for reading this. I encourage anyone who has been through depression to post their story as well, there are many people hurting in the world right now.

Edit: I want to thank everyone for the kind words. I’m happy to hear that some of you have taken inspiration from my story. That makes me extremely happy!