In twenty six days, I am throwing a moving away party. I don't have the heart to tell my friends I am thinking about taking my life shortly afterwards rather than go through with my move.
It's strange to me how happy I feel now that I've picked the date. I feel at peace with the idea, but I haven't made any specific plans yet on the method.  


The reasons why I'm suicidal and why I'm moving are really similar. I feel so broken and tired. I've battled mental illness for 12 of the 24 years I've been alive. It's really drained me and robbed me of my full potential. Whenever I seem to find a little bit of calm in between big storms, things come crashing down. 

I'm a high functioning depressed person. I have an active social life. I have a good job. I have some good hobbies. I try to see a therapist and take medication. But deep down, there's a lot of darkness I carry. Nobody knows at work that I constantly question how I should take my life everyday, or if life is worth living. It's the first thought through my head when I wake up. When I've tried to open up to people, they treat me like I'm a burden or a liability. I feel so trapped in a persona that I've built for myself - I put up a facade of a happy and energetic person. I decided to set a date to move to leave everything behind and start a new life. But the big secret I carry is I don't want to start over.

I've really struggled. I've taken countless meds, I've seen a therapist for over three years. I've learned to lie to my boss or people close to me about how I've been feeling. I'm really tired. I tried to kill myself when I was 12 and got hospitalized. I thought that was a low point I would rebuild from. Six years later, when I was 18, my girlfriend hung herself. This year, I got diagnosed with bipolar II. I'm sick of countless crazy side effects from these psychiatric drugs. I don't want to keep having to try to fight this for the rest of my life.

So in 26 days, my friends will all get together for one last party. They'll say their goodbyes, and they'll make peace with not seeing me again for a long time. I think this is the time I'm going to do this. I could move 800 miles away, but that only brings me opportunity to just get hurt again. I don't want to live anymore. I love the people in my life so much, but I can't carry this anymore. I want to die so badly.  


I know this will break some people close to me. That tears me up so bad. But in the end, this is something I need to do for myself.