Dating virgin
So...4 recent dates. 2 were duds, 1 was effortlessly fun and sparky, and the latest 1 was nice. 

Effotlessly fun one- chatted on Bumble for a few weeks. A+ banter, personality and cute messages. Met IRL and we seemed to click right away, didn't feel awkward AT ALL, had a good time. There was chemistry and I knew I liked him because I wanted to TOUCH him. Nice eyes, hands (good sign!), thighs. After the date, he asked in one of his last messages if I wanted to see him naked. I replied saying I like things a little slower, but had a great time. Messaged died out. Really liked him, and imagined us having sex, but needed a bit more than 2 hours. Not a bad guy, but looking back, can see he doesn't have the emotional availably for a relationship right now.

Latest guy, exchanged 20 messages in 2 days and met up for a drink. He was nice, but so chatty that I didn't have a chance to ask him many questions and it didn't allow for banter, it was conversation heavy. He said I was very quiet, but nice. He asked if I'd want to meet up again and my intentions. I said a boyfriend, and he was sussing out if I'd be interested in something causal.

Yes, I want love and a relationship, but I'm also ready for sex - emotionally, physically, mentally. But I need a bit of emotional connection so I feel safe and can enjoy my first time. Like, maybe I don't even need the first guy to be my boyfriend, but I'm not ready for sex after 1 date. If I like them, should I be saying I'd be okay with something casual if I got to know them a bit? That probably doesn't sound very casual.

Catch 22 - you want to be fun and flirty on dates so you can see if you have chemistry and click - but this leads people to ASSUME experience because most 23 y/o have had sex. But if I hold back, not super flirty, they seem to think I'm too quiet/disinterested. But hey, he assumed experience anyway. I'm just trying to be careful, have fun. I'm not TRYING to lead people on. 

Casual sex seems to be popular and that's COOL, but this virgin needs a minute. Is this like trying to find a needle in a haystack?