AP Exam Tips!
Just took the first AP Exam of the year! Here is all of the advice I’ve gathered and wish I had for myself:

1. If you are sending your images to yourself, like emailing them to yourself from your phone, do not reduce the image size. It can easily become illegible and your exam cannot be graded.

2. If your makeup request link does not work, put a / behind the ? in the url.

3. Your exam was submitted if it says “Your exam is complete.”

4. Not submitting a response is not a valid excuse for requesting a makeup, so if it comes to it, disconnect from wifi and cite connection issues as the reason for your makeup.

5. The second question (if there is one) starts immediately after the first.

6. If the exam says you have 30 minutes for a question, you actually only have 25 because the last 5 are meant for submitting your work. EDIT: what I meant to say was that the timer you are given in the exam includes the five minutes to submit work! You have to submit before the timer ends!

7. 5 minutes to submit is not as long as you think! Especially if you are working between multiple devices! Beware!

8. You have to log in at least 30 minutes BEFORE your exam! If it says the exam begins at noon, log in by 11:30 at least.

9. There are multiples versions of the exam. Don’t cheat. CollegeBoard is already scrounging Reddit’s and discord’s for cheaters. Don’t be one of them. Plus your teachers can mark you under the suspicion of cheating if they want. Don’t ruin it for yourself! You could even get rescinded from colleges!

That’s all I have, but please comment if you have anything else and I will add it to the post.

EDIT:

Some more tips:

10. From u/jjkite - Write your AP ID and initials on several sheets of paper before you begin so you don’t forget or have to do it last minute!

11. Please try the demo before you take your exam! Sometimes your phone may not save images as a jpg, for example, and you won’t notice until you are submitting with 30 seconds left :( (also sometimes an iPhone will save the image as HEIF, so be careful and try it out with the demo)

12. From u/-Paufa- - Print out one page summaries of your notes by chapter/unit, because you may overestimate the time you have to use resources. (Personally, I was already cutting it close when I only google searched a few things; very little time to go through your stack of notes/worksheets; definitely zero time to even think of cheating)

13. The browser does not lockdown your computer. That being said, do not hit back or refresh the page of the exam.

14. If your exam is heavily writing based, I would recommend typing up your answer and pasting it. If it includes a lot of scratch work and symbols, I would hand write it and upload photos.

15. Your answers are not auto-submitted. You must upload your files or paste your text, hit submit, then confirm your submission. Do not wait for the timer to run out, because it will only take your work if you press submit by yourself.

16. From u/throwaway143414 - You cannot upload images or files directly from google drive. Download them to your actual computer (so you can access them from files or file explorer) and then upload them.

EDIT:

Practice exams: https://apcoronavirusupdates.collegeboard.org/educators/course-schedule

Troubleshooting tips: https://apcoronavirusupdates.collegeboard.org/students/taking-ap-exams/troubleshooting