What's on your mind?
What's on my mind?
What isn't? 
If you can answer a question with another question who's to say that's not an answer? 
Who's to say the problem isn't that we can't find an answer, it's that there is never just one, but many? 
If you want to find your own path you've got to pave it yourself. 
We're so quick to get discouraged when we realize the knowledge everyone else seems to have mirrors our own, but how could you possibly expect to learn something truly new if the only knowledge you seek is what's already been found?
You want to be different, you have to BE different. 
You want to be different, right?
You want to make a difference right? 
In some way, shape, or form.. 
And if you don't, you must want peace right? 
If the knowledge we have, mirrors the knowledge of millions, wouldn't you think that contradicts the desire to be different? 
To be seen, heard, felt. 
It's not to be different that you're searching for, you feel the way you do when you do because you are different, even if you don't see it. 
Somewhere in you there's always going to be something you want, there will always be a million reasons to let it go, but I'm sure if you think deep enough there's another million reasons to reach for it. 
There will always be an equal argument to everything you believe in. 
You are meant to stand for what you believe in, but somewhere in that context they forgot to remind us that not everyone's beliefs mirror ours.. mind you I said beliefs not knowledge.
The problem never truly lies within the problem, it lies within your response to it. 
Whether it be race, sex, religion, sexual preferences (or none at all), any and every "problem" you may find you face 
We weren't taught problem solving because everything in life was easy, but exactly the opposite. 
I find that many of the things I preach are advice I either once couldn't, or can't take now. 
Today I found, who am I to say any of you are wrong? 
Well, who are you to say I am? Any of you.
We we're always told to ask questions, so we did exactly the opposite, because we're always told the answer lies within, it may, but who's to say your answer is the only one?
Everyone is still trying to find out who they are, if you're still trying, you'll die trying. 
Why? Because what you once knew may be looked at in a different light tomorrow? 
If knowledge is power then we all have power, we're all just trying to figure out how to use it.
I'm not here to change your mind, I challenge you to change mine.
There's enough negativity to go around, if you want to be different, create something different.