Should I trust my gut feeling and discard this job opportunity?
Hi all,

I would like to hear your opinion and advice about a mixed experience I am having for a job opportunity and my participation in psycho-analytical tests during the recruitement process.

I have 15 years of experience as an IT professional, both in technical and managerial roles. With ups and downs, I have grown a valuable list of experiences of which I'm quite proud (in an humble way). From educational perspective, I hold a Master's Degree in Engineering with major in computer science, I am a PMI-PMP certified project manager, I hold several technical certifications and am tri-lingual.

Recently a recruiter from a well known company in my region contacted me to discuss my interest in a teamleader position in the IT-department . In the first round, I had a good conversation in their office with the HR recruitement lady, then the week after I was invited for a follow up interview. This second interview started with a 1-hour conversation with the IT Director : this was an excellent experience and I really felt that there could be a match with a lot of valuable benefits to achieve together for the company. I felt I could support the local departement to improve some of their inefficiencies and resolve some of the "pains" that the IT Director was dealing with while working to establish a multi-year roadmap for backoffice applications. This conversation was followed by an "interview" with the IT Architect of the department : this was really an inferior experience from interpersonal perspective, which right away gave me a very bad gut feeling about the position and the whole dynamics in the department. From what I heard, my conclusion is that the guy was sucking energy away from the teams. Our conversation was extremely technically oriented and didn't leave ANY room for interpersonal interaction (I did pretty well on the technical subjects I think). When I tried to create an opening towards the end of the conversation, my perception was that this person's character is really kind of unbalanced :  I think he is one of the reasons which negatively influence the vibes  of the teams and the interpersonal interactions (of course, this is a preliminary conclusion, I cannot make a final evaluation about a person after just 45 minutes of interaction, but I need to do with that snapshot to make my current opinion about the job opportunity).

Anyway, when the HR recruiter called me the next day to discuss my perception and feedback, she acknowledged the difficulties that people have in interacting with this IT Architect. We agreed to continue the recruitement process because the IT Director and me both had a really good mutual feeling about a potential collaboration with each other. However, I remain highly concerned because this IT Architect would be on the same hierarchical level as me and I would need to collaborate with him very intensively daily : if constantly there a difficult interpersonal interaction, then frustration and negative vibes will slumber around the corner…. I could start to hate my job after only a couple of months.

Now comes the real issue. As part of the recruitement process, they also asked me to fulfil an online psycho-analytical assessment. One of the components in this assessment was 'logical reasoning' : the test was showing 5 graphical patterns of figures and asked for the 6th 'logical follow up pattern'. This Sunday afternoon, I was exercising and doing intensive sports for 3 hours. When I came home, I decided to finish the assessment and perform this 'logical reasoning' test (because I don’t have time fort his on weekdays) : unfortunately, I did badly - only 60% of the questions completed within the timeframe given and it makes me really disturbed.

Now, to be clear, and in all modesty, I don't have any doubt about my abilities to perform very good logical reasoning, as has been obvious in the past 30 years of secondary school, college, university, and professional career. Again in all modesty, I often feel like I perform as one of the best during professional assignments and I hold very high standards when delivering my work, often thinking far outside the strict borders of my job, making sure all aspects of an assignment logically match end to end.This is recognised and appreciated by peers,management and customers. Moreover, a couple of weeks ago I performed a similar trial test on www.jobtestprep.co.uk and had a percentile 95 score for a similar test with logical patterns. However, today I really performed bad – I’m concerned about the context in which this is embedded. 

Now, to end my post, I must say that I found the whole framework and outcome of these tests somewhat humiliating. A 24-minute test would need to objective my intellectual capabilities to perform logical reasoning and be taken as an important argument in hiring me or not. The experience worsened my gut feeling about the job and the company. In the past years, I have learned to rely more on my instincts : I also read several articles in the past years that said never to underestimate the importance of your gut feeling and instincts.
On the other hand, this company is really one of the top players in my region and it would be a very relevant professional experience for a couple of years with good pay. I also sincerly feel that I have the skills to really make a difference in that department and to improve the dynamics, energy and performance of the team. On the other hand I currently have a job and I don’t need to make a career step with urgency.

Coming to a conclusion, my current idea is to discard the whole opportunity (with some pain in my heart) based on my gut feeling and the high risk that I see in very difficult interpersonal interactions with that IT Architect. Moreover, I feel that this psycho-analytical test is badly timed and interferes with more fundamental elements about the job that should have been prioritised.

Your opinion would be highly appreciated.