I always wanted a FWB relationship, but now that I'm in one I'm not sure it's what I want
I've wanted a friends with benefits type of relationship for years now, and I've started to reconsider what it is I actually want now that I'm (sorta) in one.

I've known this girl for the past 5 or so years, ever since high school but she went somewhere else. We were actually fairly decent friends for a long while but she left for college out of state while I stayed near home. Whenever she'd come back in town, we'd hangout and somewhere in there we started hooking up.

Let me clarify, we've never had proper sex but we'd done plenty of other stuff and would proceed to whenever she came to visit. Then somewhere in there, she cold-shouldered me the next time she came to visit. No making out or anything even. It kinda threw me for a loop, and I just figured she was over ya boy. Whatever, I'm grown, I'll move on.

Still though, I'd see her around holidays with our mutual friends and knew something was still there. Another drunk makeout session one New Years proved it. After college, we both ended up out of our hometown and were talking one day. We ended up on how we used to hook up and how that all stopped and why. She said she didn't want to feel like that was all we were about, which I respected, and we both said we wanted to go back to the way things had been when we were hooking up.

Since that talk, I moved back home which is significantly closer than before but still 3-4 hours away from her. I've tried texting her on a semi-regular basis, but to me it seems like she's spotty at best about it and not into it at worst. And I've never even tried sexting before with her (even though I want to) which makes me think maybe it's some kind of a boundary thing.

I've never been in a FWB situation so I think part of it is I'm not sure of the rules, but it always seemed to me that we had a deeper bond than just a hookup because we were good friends beforehand. I'm also afraid that maybe I'm just catching feelings, which is a no-no is this kinda situation, especially if she's 4 hours aways with no intent to return soon. I also think it might just be that I'm not ready for something that's purely sexual and romantically uninvolved. I know I'm a romantic and while I have a certain ability to turn that off if this were something like a one night stand or I just wanted to "hit it and quit it", it's not the way this situation is. Hell, we almost had a falling out years ago when she thought I MIGHT have feelings for her, so I'm not sure if anything's changed since then but I do wanna clarify what's going on without losing the FWB relationship in the process.

Maybe I'm just in some sort of gushy stage right now, maybe we just need to talk it out to figure out what we expect from this and where our boundaries are, maybe I just need to actually have sex with this girl or maybe I should propose a sort of open relationship with her in the meantime.