Ways for guys to improve your online dating profile.
When you date online, Tinder, Bumble, OKC, you are literally selling yourself. 
You are telling the world:
"hey pick this one, I'm not a serial killer and I'm actually a pretty cool guy to be around." 

That being said, here are a few tips for your dating profile to help with your sales from fellow swiper.

 Pick your brand and stick with it. I'm talking to you 25-34 year olds. This could actually work for girls too but I haven't seen many girl's profiles to give an accurate assessment, maybe you guys can post some girls tips in the comments. 

Back to it: Perception is reality. Seriously think about who you are trying to attract.

Tip 1: If you have a picture with a kid, I'm going to assume it's yours. 
If you don't want me to assume it's yours, don't have a picture with a kid. 
It doesn't make you seem eligible or paternal, it doesn't send off signals to women that you are okay with kids or want them in the future, it makes you seem like someone who already has a kid. 

Nothing wrong with having kids, but if that's not what you're going for and you don't want people to assume that the newborn on your chest is your kid, don't do it.

Tip 2: If every picture on your page is 6 of you and your closest bros at the bar/a wedding/night out, chances are you all look the same and I don't know who you are. 
One pic, maybe two is okay. 
It shows me that you're socialized and people have deemed you worthy of being around but anymore than that is straight up chaos.
I shouldn't have to work to identify you on your own profile.
I don't want to see your entourage, I want to see you. This can be especially bad for you if the guy you are standing next to is hotter than you. 

Because now I'm looking at your friend thinking:"okay nice.." and then the next to last image is in fact, you alone, not the friend I had been looking at in 6 of your other pictures. 
Oof, welcome to shadowlands aka digital friendzone: a place where even if you are cute, I know I can't swipe on you because I already acknowledged your friend was the most attractive one in the crew and planned what our kids will look like in the future. 

Limit the bromance pictures.

Tip 3: No matter how funny you think it is, you wearing a speedo/banana bathing suit/being seminaked/wasted/
from that one time things got crazy with your boys doesn't really paint the best picture of you. 
Same goes for doing foolish, dangerous stuff.
I'm talking to you, guy welding in your underwear with no protection. 
Get your shit together man. 


Tip 4: If you have a pictures where you are suggestively embracing females similar in age, I'm going to assume she is your ex and you can't let go or she is your current partner in some poly relationship thing. At the very minimum you've swapped bodily fluids before. That's just what's going to happen.¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Tip 5: If you have a picture of your dog, you should be in the picture with your dog. You are a package deal with the dog, the dog doesn't come on its own, he doesn't need his own image, it's your profile.

Tip 6: I dont give a fuck about your truck. I am from California, I am not fluent in Chevy.
Also why? Why would you put your car on your dating profile? Maybe some people are totally down for that but do you really want people to date you for your car?  

In hindsight, I realize this may be a geographic thing. 

Maybe there are some women who need to know you have a truck before they swipe right on you. 
If you fall into an area with those requirements, carry on. 
I just want there to be more to your life than your lift kit.

The same goes for profile bios like: 
I own my own house. 
Like okay,
my guy, we get it, you're adulting. 

It's important to note that owning your house in no way directly correlates to you having your shit together. 

Tip 7: After hella swipes, unless you are sitting pretty at 12.5 on the hotness scale, chances are your face is not that interesting on its own, so write something in your bio. 

ProTip: Noone gives a fuck about you liking tacos. You're basic as fuck.

And do not put something super douchey like: 

"No one reads these things," - They do.

"You want to know something just ask me." - hey, what kind of toothpaste do you use?

 "Not going to waste time filling this out" - News flash bro, you just filled it out. 

Most of these things have a pretty short character limit. 

You're inability to sit still for 5 minutes and describe yourself says more about you than you think.

Stop being difficult and put something in there so I can start a conversation with you about something substantial outside of "I like your face." 

It's not edgy or ironic, it's annoying. 
Why show up in the first place if you're going to half-ass it? 
I get it, you're a rebel, "blahh fuck the patriarchy" or whatever. 

Don't use your bio to complain about "No one ever ever responds on these things." 
It's probably because you don't have anything worth talking about on your profile and 3 of your pictures are subjectively funny memes, just saying.

News flash 2.0: You're not cooler than the rest of us lonely bastards trying to connect with someone to make existence you know, less lonely. 

'Do not pass go' tips:

Don't take pictures holding money. -just......why?

Don't take pictures chugging alcohol. - "hellzz yeah, I drank a lot of posion really fast, in complete disregard for my abused liver." Yum. Boyfriend material.

Don't use your golden days/high school pictures if you don't still look like that. 
- That is a lie. You should not lie.

If you have kids, put it in your bio or in your features that you have them. 

Don't surprise me with your four kids after I enjoy talking to you for a bit, that is a dirty trick.

If you're bald, don't use pictures where you had hair, that is also a lie. 
See above about lying. Chicks dig bald guys. 
Live your truth man.


Tip 8: Stop using cropped pictures, cutting people out or putting emojis on their faces and giving the excuses of "I don't take pictures."
I still see that chick's hand on your stomach from that time at the beach.
Motherfucker, take a new picture. 
Make an effort. 


On second thought, all that extra work of cropping and pasting probably took longer than you just taking a picture. 

And for fuck's sake, smile.