Lost
So I have been in a depressed state for over a year now, I'm 23 and and I recently just dropped out of college to try and get my life together. My girlfriend and I broke up a little over a year ago and I can't seem to find the motivation to do anything anymore. For the first time in my life I was able to be completely comfortable with someone and be myself, no reservations. We dated for close to 3 years and I admit I wasn't the best boyfriend. I became too comfortable with my position in life at the time and had started to take her and other things in my life for granted. So she graduated in the spring of this year and ended up moving back home, about a 14 ish hour drive. Even though we broke up a year ago and she graduated this spring, we had been talking every day and hooking up still but she was also talking to another guy back home. So of course she ends up dating this guy as soon as she moves back home and I feel like absolute shit. They broke up after only a couple months of dating and we have still been talking on and off while they were dating because we were very close and shared a real connection. She says she loves me but she is scared for what could happen to us because of the situation we were in before and how it negatively affected both of us. And although I can't argue with her on that point because we ended on a stupid fight that was my mistake, I know in my heart that this is the girl that I am supposed to marry and I can't find the motivation to do anything anymore for myself. Nothing seems worth the effort to me anymore, I don't find humor in anything and I am overall just filled with regret day after day for over a year now. I've hooked up with other girls and hung out with friends more and done all the moving on advice, I have even gone to therapy for about 7-8 months and took the pills they gave me but it didn't seem to do anything for me. I felt like an emotionless zombie while I was taking the pills and no matter what I did that day I would always be lying in bed for a few hours thinking what could have been and what should have been if I wasn't such a shitty person and took advantage of the great opportunity I had in front of me. Now I don't even care what happens to me. My uncle committed suicide nearly 25 years ago and I don't think I could do that to my family and my Dad after what they have been through with all of that. So I have been talking to this girl a lot recently over the past month or so and she just got back together with her new boyfriend after breaking up with him less than a month ago. She talks about moving back down here when she has the money saved up in a few months because she doesn't enjoy living back in her hometown. And part of me believes her because we talk so much and I know she doesn't like it there from her job to her situation at home with her stepdad. She tells me she doesn't know what she wants from her new relationship with her ex boyfriend now that they are dating again but I know if she were to give us and me another chance, I could be everything and more she has ever wanted. It's just if I am not her everything, I might as well be nothing. And I know it sounds sad to feel like your happiness is so dependent on another person but I really haven't been happy my whole life. I remember in high school before I ever met this girl in college I got so drunk over spring break and locked myself in a bathroom threatening to kill myself. Honestly I don't consciously remember doing that but I know that there was probably a reason behind it and that these suicidal thoughts and depression were something that was ingrained in me without myself really knowing they were there. I just feel that I could get my life on track and make myself and my significant other so happy if she would just give me the chance. I don't know what else I can say to her that I already haven't to try and prove to her how serious I am about us and our relationship. She even went as far to say recently, while she just got back with her boyfriend, that she wants me to be the father of her children and spend the rest of our lives together because it is something I know we both deeply want and have talked about multiple times while we dated for 3 years. I just feel so lost and do not know what to do with my life, I feel I have the wits and capabilities to do anything this world offers me but I could not care less unless I am sharing my life with her. I know things are supposed to get better with time but every single night for over a year I think about her and just fill myself with regret for what I let slip away. I feel I don't deserve to live anymore because I haven't done anything significant with my life and I haven't thoroughly enjoyed anything for multiple months. Right now I am at the point where I have realized that not everybody can live a happy life and I will just be floating on feeling like shit until I eventually die one way or another. When you know nothing else will make you happy but you can't get the one thing in the world that will make you feel like you are worth something, what are you supposed to do with the rest of your life? 

Sorry for the long post and the likely grammatical errors, I just think it might help to put it in words especially since I only found this subreddit today.