Dating in your 30's in 2018 is rough. Keep your heads up.
It's almost comedic at this point, really. You can literally have everything going for you and get absolutely nowhere these days with dating and I think a lot of it has to do with the apps. They're successful precisely because they don't work most of the time, and are specifically designed to keep you on them so they can monetize off your frustration. They're making everyone flaky, indecisive, and non-committal due to the illusion of choice, but they're not entirely to blame, and thats the remaining piece of the puzzle I'm trying to figure out - do I have a character flaw I'm unaware of? If so, nobody has given me any insight as to what it is..

I have never had a problem with women my entire life before my last LTR ended in the beginning of 2016, and I have WAY more to offer now than I ever did in the past. When I got out of that relationship apps were the go-to and I've only had intermittent success with them since. Here's the typical pattern for me; Match with someone, meetup, things appear to be going well, then we talk for 2-3 weeks, possibly meetup a second time etc and then....crickets, OR they convey that there's no 'spark' or aren't 'feeling it'. I'm sure that may be partially true, but not the entire reason for them losing interest. It's just crazy how everyone is trying to judge or replace you before they even give themselves a chance to get to know you, but I guess these are the rules that are in place in the throw-away society we now live in.

This is going to sound like a humble brag but its just me being objective about my situation - I'm a handsome guy (so I'm told) I workout regularly, have a great career making DAMN good money, good credit, a house, a dog. I've got my life together. I'm respectful, educated, driven, introspective, multifaceted, emotionally relevant, not clingy, and I take care of myself.  I've got a satirical / nihilistic sense of humor and I'm decently witty, but I'm also kind of chill and introverted. I've dated, been in LTRs, and FWB type situations with drop dead gorgeous women so I know what I'm capable of, but man it's just been really confusing lately as to why I'm not having any luck. I recently started dating women with kids which I no longer see an issue with given my age, but no luck with them either....what. is. happening?

Anyway, more of a rant than me looking for advice I suppose. None of this matters, we're all just ghosts driving meat-coated skeletons flying through the universe with no inherent purpose. Don't take anything too seriously guys. Merry Fucking Christmas.