Don't Fantasize
Hello everyone. I'm a senior who graduated two months ago and would like to warn all you upcoming seniors about your college application process. The past year has been rough for me and the college application experience was fucking brutal. Hear me out for a second. I am a computer science major who applied to 10 schools and they were hard to get into for CS. I am an Illinois in the Chicago area resident and I applied to schools such as UMich, UIUC, Berkeley, UCLA, Carnegie Mellon, and the likes. I ended up getting rejected by all except two of my safeties (UIC and Loyola) after being waitlisted and given blue balls by Berkeley. When I was rejected by my schools I was devastated as I felt like my hard work was a waste of time. I decided to commit to UIC and I wasn't happy.

&#x200B;

Here's the point: Please do not believe that hard work alone will get you where you want to be at.  I remember grinding the SAT practice tests while watching videos about student life at my schools. I went through a lot of anxiety and worrying my senior year believing that maybe, JUST MAYBE, all my hard work and challenges would put me in a school where I would enjoy myself. I imagined myself on campus, where I would spend my time at making friends at my schools, and what activities I would be a part of. DO NOT DO THIS. It's like the saying "don't celebrate too early". Until you get accepted that's when you can start fantasizing. As much as we like to imagine that the world is just and that in the end we get everything we deserve, it is not like that. We like to imagine fairy-tale scenarios. The sooner you realize that you cannot control this shit is when you finally understand how to be happy. Please do not say "I'm for sure getting into this school" because when you don't, it is devastating. Life doesn't give a fuck about what you had to go through, you just gotta accept what it throws at you and make the best of it. I remember spending hundreds of hours reading about past students' stats and calculating my chances of getting in. I used to say stuff like "I'll be the lucky one who defines the odds". It was all a huge waste of time.

&#x200B;

After cooling off for the past couple of months, I'm not even mad about going to UIC. In fact, it may have been a huge lesson being rejected from all these schools as it taught me that hard work doesn't equal a good future. Luck is a big part in all of this too. So make smart investments and don't put too much effort / emotional investment into something that is not certain. The whole process is like gambling, it gives you a rush and if you lose it can hurt you. Good luck, upcoming seniors and please, be realistic. Don't fantasize about a perfect future but rather make the most of the present moment. If anyone has questions, don't be afraid to ask.