Should I tough it out or jump ship?
I started this job the last couple days of April. It's my first full time office job, before this I've only worked part time as a tutor, retail, and prep cook. I was excited about it at first but now I dread going into work and I'm honestly only posting now cause I can't sleep because of anxiety. 

It's data entry for a pharmaceutical company. They used to have my department in another state, but decided to move everything to this state in like a couple months and replace all the experienced people there with new people here. So we're expected to be able to do the quantity and quality of work after like 2 months of experience of people who had been there for years.

And it's only 12 dollars an hour. 

I'm constantly told what I'm doing wrong,and absolutely no positive feedback to balance it out. They want a certain amount of work done which I'm struggling to meet so I rush things and make mistakes. 

Yesterday my boss called me in for a meeting with another supervisor from the other state on speaker. They told me they're lowering my daily goal of work for the next 2 weeks but they need my accuracy to go up. And it's weird cause they'll say focus on quality but then follow it up with that they do need my quantity up. They said it was a coaching session bit it just felt like reprimand. At one point my eyes started to water and my boss told me not to be upset in her sickly sweet voice I've come to hate. They said they want the job to be fun?

My boss wants me to be more independent and stop asking so many questions but also reassured me she's always happy to help. But so many times now her answers have been condescending or just something like "What do you think?" I don't know, that's why I'm asking! 

 I asked a question about something that had confused me last week that she had explained. It's a big important client so I wanted to make sure I got it right. When I asked she only responded with "I explained this last week, did you forget?" 

So because of stuff like that I feel damned if I do and damned if I don't. If I ask a question, I just am made to feel dumb and useless. If I don't and try to figure it out myself, I get it wrong and mess things up. 

I started with two other people who have now been moved to different things, still in the same department, but their jobs are way easier, even they've admitted it. So they look great and I in comparison look like a bad employee. 

There's new people who were trained a few weeks after me. They learned things I didn't. The only reason I ever know things change or information got updated is because I heard it from them. They also tend to avoid difficult work to do the easier work to get their daily goal up so I do the hard stuff and then get it wrong. And at first I was understanding because I did the same thing when I started but now it's just...a lot.

It's like I can't make mistakes at all and it feels like my boss takes it as a personal insult when I do. 

There's a lot to do and I honestly think we're severely understaffed. My boss takes her whirl home and works off the clock. So she's clearly burnt out. There's overtime offered every week and at this point it feels like an expectation to do it. We never get a thank you for doing it. We never get a thank for anything. Like I said, no positive feedback. 

Is this typical for full time jobs? Do I need to just suck it up?

TLDR: company decided to move entire department in two months and is unhappy people, including me, aren't doing the same quality and quantity as people who were there for years. All I hear is negative feedback, nothing positive. Training was rushed and now there's new info the new people know that I didn't. Questions are met with condescension. I'm struggling to meet the daily work goal. It's not great pay but it's better than retail.