The school I applied to 2 months late became the school I’m now committed to
Just something I was thinking about that I wanted to share in case anyone else found it interesting or whatever. It might look long but I rlly don’t think it’s a terrible read 🥺 read if u would like, The title is basically the TL;DR

I live in California so it was expected of me to apply to 4 UCs and 4 CSUs. I did that and also applied to Stanford, USC, and Cornell (uw gpa 3.2, w gpa 3.7, sat score 1210) I had no chance of getting into most of these schools. My only match schools were the CSUs I applied to and one of the UCs.

ANYWAYS, fast forward to college decision season and I was rejected from all of these schools (except 3 CSUs). I made a dummy mistake and literally chose the CSUs at random because I thought for sure I’d get into just one UC and everything would be chill. But I was bombarded with rejection after rejection from all these schools and I just kept thinking “it’s okay there are still more decisions to come out!” And then the final rejection letter came. It was from UCLA and I cried for like 2 hours straight over it and I had to leave the group chat for a few days because my friend got in to UCLA and I was so sad about everything. I thought my essays really gave me a chance and it sucked that not one school I wanted wanted me back.

I started looking into community college, and 2 community colleges near me are feeders into UCLA for transfer students. But then I came to reddit and saw a giant list of schools that are still accepting applications off rolling admissions. I had no clue schools were still accepting so I looked through and googled them and applied to some more. Off rolling admissions I applied to DePaul, Pitt, and Penn State. I was accepted to all of these schools but had to decline Penn state and Pitt because of financial aid.

I decided I wanted to apply to more schools in case DePaul didn’t work out, so I used the college search feature on college board’s website and found Syracuse University in NY. It was the last school I applied to. I actually applied to this school 2 months after their deadline, they weren’t accepting off rolling admissions. I applied to this school and like a month and a half later I got an acceptance letter into the exact program I applied to. DePaul never ended up giving me my financial aid package, and I was bummed because it was my first choice and I had grown a little bit attached to it, but Syracuse is an amazing school and they offered me amazing financial aid. I was offered about $60k in grants and $10k in loans, but I can always apply for scholarships or save up money from work study, summer jobs, or whatever so that I don’t have to take out loans after this year. And I don’t have to make any payments at all!! Which is so amazing because my family can’t afford to make any payments for college right now. Their housing and tuition deposits combined totaled $950 and they waived both of them for me, so I was able to commit for free! It was a huge weight off my shoulders because I couldn’t cough up $950.

Ik I could’ve made this a lot shorter, but I just wanted to add some extra details that maybe someone here could relate to. It’s funny that the last school I applied to (2 months late) wasn’t even accepting rolling admissions but it became the School I’m committed to. I just thought it was a little interesting and also I wanted to use this as an opportunity to tell people not to give up right away, unless you’re fine with how things turned out. But if you’re unhappy with what schools you were accepted to, just try to apply to some more. Maybe even apply to these schools that have rolling admissions EARLY, so that you have backups before the big schools’ decisions come out. Don’t just give up. If you’re fine with or happy to go to a smaller state school or community college, then of course do it! But if you’re a person that just really wants a shot at a larger 4 year, or a school maybe a little further from home, there will be schools accepting applications, and some of them are amazing schools with great financial aid! You just gotta put yourself out there and know not to give up because it really isn’t over until you say it’s over.