I’ve reached $500 in my LONG-TERM SAVINGS for the first time while on disability...
... and I have nowhere else to share this and I just need somewhere to put it into the world.
I’ve been on disability since 2015 after two back-to-back psychiatric hospitalizations in 2012/13. Leading up to that I was working 72 hours a week as an STNA in the home health field. I worked every single solitary day for over two years. Although I’ve struggled a lifetime with mental illness, this was the first time I was on my own and free from my abusive parents. I was advised by my at-the-time psychiatrist to no longer work due to a diagnoses of catatonic schizophrenia (now deemed two separate illnesses). It was a very hard thing for me to accept. As a child, my parents involved me with what was happening with finances. They frequently used scare tactics of losing the house vs. food, filing for bankruptcy, and honestly too much for a child to carry. My dad always drove into me with intense frequency that you should ‘work hard while your young so you can retire early.” Sprinkled throughout is, imo expectedly, more heartbreak, trauma, and emotional scarring that over 13 years of therapy simply hasn’t fixed yet. All of that had a huge blow to the opportunities set ahead of me and it was seemingly for the purpose of destroying me. I was given only the advice of, “credit card BAAAADD. saving is GOOD” and that’s where it ended. Although it is not entirely bad or wrong advice, I’ve learned that it’s just not like that. I never applied for a credit card, believing that I would be doomed for eternity to financial suffering and I would be denied because of my disability. And it’s all just a bunch of bs to keep me small. I know. What assholes???!!

Well I’m happy to say that my parents didn’t break me and they didn’t stop me. I now have had a credit card for 4 months, a paid off student loan for a year, a credit score at about 680 and finally... the cherry... however small.. is the $500 in my long-term savings. Although paying off a student loan is huge, a good score is... well, GOOD.. I honestly have felt that that long term was stuck. Everything saved was kept short term and depleted time and time again. Even being on the wimpy “survival” income I have from SSDI I was able to do all of this. I just wanted to share that with you all. I want to only be a quick reminder that you can do it. We can all do it. Even on limited income. We will not be broken and we will not remain broke.
Thanks guys

TL;DR Abusive parents. I’m on SSDI and managed to pay off student loan, saved $500 in long-term savings account not to be touched. Kinda a big deal to me. I just want to say yay me. You can do it! Thx