I’m having doubts about my relationship of 2 years.
I (f16) have been with my boyfriend (m18) for two years. He was the first boy I ever kissed and seriously liked. We started dating like a week after we first kissed and we’ve been together since and that was 2 years ago. I used to be so excited to see texts from him and to meet up with him but it feels like all that magic has been fading recently. We used to never run out of things to talk about but lately I feel like I’ve been having much less fun around him and I feel like I don’t have anything interesting to say. It just doesn’t feel right anymore. However, he is such a nice guy and I don’t want to lose him. He has no idea I feel this way and is constantly telling me how perfect for him I am and how much he loves me but it just doesn’t feel true when I say I love you back. He is so good to me and I’m so so lucky to have him but I feel like it’s not fair to stay with him when I’m not invested in this relationship anymore. It scares me how he’s so committed too. He’s openly told me that he can see a real future with me and that without me his life would be meaningless and he would have no one. I told him at the time this was crazy and he is valued by so many people, but I know that breaking up with him would shatter him. Like really break him. He’s not super close to many other people but we’re sort of in the same friend group so it’ll be awkward for us to break up. To be honest i feel stuck. If I don’t break up with him then I won’t be happy and I’ll just think about this all the time, but if I do then he will take it really badly and I’m so afraid of being lonely. I’ve known him for about 3 years altogether and I feel as though I’m too used to having him/I’m reliant on him. I’m terrified of being lonely and regretting it if I break up with him. Being with him is all I’ve known for so long and I think losing him would feel like such a hole in my life. I value having him around and he’s so supportive when I’m down. I would love to go back to being best friends like before we got together but that’s probably impossible now. I really don’t know what to do.. please help