If you have struggled with grocery shopping like I have, I cannot recommend the app Mealime enough
I really don't want to sound like some corporate shill, but I want to share this because it has helped me tremendously with my food budget. If this is against any rules, please take down.

I started using the app called Mealime in September and it has changed my life. It is a free app, I get it through iOS. You pick meals that you're interested in making for the week and it creates a grocery list for you. Then when you are ready to cook it gives you step by step instructions. It also has an option for picking meals together that use up the same ingredients, so you aren't letting anything perishable go to waste. The meals are using mostly fresh produce and they have the option to change preferences based off of allergies and foods you dislike. 

Before mealime I would have a really hard time grocery shopping. I didn't know how to shop for meals. Instead I would just get random stuff that I thought maybe could feed me throughout the week. Usually this was sweet potatoes and frozen chicken breasts. I would end up not getting enough food and eat out, spending through my food budget, getting depressed, and not feeling healthy. 

Since using mealime, I'm gotten my food budget for the week down to a science. I have favorite meals that I will use consistently, and sometimes i'll feel spontaneous and try something new. The meals sizes you can choose are 2 servings to 6 servings. I'm a single person so I do the 2. Sometimes I will cook for both me and my boyfriend or I will take leftovers for lunch the next day to work. I've noticed how much healthier I've felt, I actually like what I'm eating, I'm enjoying cooking, and I've saved so much money because mealime is forcing me to plan out my meals throughout the week. Usually I'll chose 3 meals for the week, then get a couple things I can make quick on days I'm not super hungry/short on time (Potatoes, quick soups, rice).   


Not sure if it would work super well for families, but for a single person like me it's been a lifesaver.