A little effort goes a long way
Guys, if you really want to stand out to girls, but some effort into your dates. Actually plan something out. 

I met this girl that’s definitely out of my league on tinder a few weeks ago, talked for a while, and eventually decided it was time to actually go on a date. It was (almost) horrible. We just went to her favorite restaurant and planned for a movie afterward. The conversation was too good and we ended up replacing the movie with pie. 

Cut to the second date, tried for dinner and a movie again. Went to a new restaurant in town, the food wasn’t great  and we agreed on a movie. We went and got our candy to sneak into the theater and saw Fantasy Island. 

The third date, earlier this week, I was over the “dinner and movie” plan. She told me her nights off and I went to work, looking up cooking classes, ice skating, painting classes, all of it. I finally decided on a painting class and signed us up. I told her it was a surprise and only told her to wear short sleeves. 

I met up with her a half hour before the class and started taking a walk away from the studio, talking about her likes and dislikes, how she felt about surprises, etc. We basically walked in a giant circle and ended up at the studio that was right next to date #1’s restaurant. She believed that all the work was just for a reservation at the restaurant again before I took an early right into the studio. We had fun and are just waiting on the call for our work to be ready. 

We had dinner afterwards and she told me she had never had anyone put in the effort that I had put in to surprise her and have fun with her. She was impressed that I even made the effort to find something in our small town on a random Thursday night. 

TL;DR - made a reservation at a painting studio, surprised her with it, had fun, had dinner, she told me that no one had ever put in the effort that I did for her.

Edit: for those of you saying it’s a one way street. After the first date the “almost horrible” part was that earlier that day, my card information was stolen and my card was declined. She ended up paying for that night and still quickly agreed to a second date.