Will I get fired (or someone from my team)?
Some very weird changes are happening to the team, and I'd like some advice as to whether I should be concerned. It's long but will try to keep it as succinct.

1. We are a very small team with a lot of work. We have a middle manager, one big boss, and two junior analysts (one of which is me). I am one year above the junior-most analyst.
2. The junior-most analyst and I had a tense relationship for a year. The junior-most and I started at the same time, so they consistently perceived us as peers and yet consistently received worse assignments than I did. The middle manager and big boss didn't assign the junior-most analyst any work, leaving it up to me to manage them, but the junior-most struggled to take my directions and advice believing that I should not boss them around. The end result often was me being frustrated, and/or doing the work myself. The middle manager is well aware of this problem but refused to engage. The big boss is also aware of the junior-most underperforming (though not the management issue), based on various comments he makes in team meetings.
3. All this while, my relationship with the big boss was really on the upswing. He would call me to thank me for my hard work separately, compliment me on job well done ("I knew it would be just fine since you're handling it"), check in after business trips. He also seemed to become more open and honest with me, about his thoughts and opinions, took me aside to give me individual feedback. The middle manager too would call me to check in on a large project that was going haywire, thank me for job well done.
4. Long story short, the junior-most person launched an informal complaint against me and the middle manager for "mistreatment". There's no allegation of protected class discrimination, but the gist of the complaint appears to be that they've been told that they were a bad employee, that because of this they were getting bad work, that their relationship with the big boss deteriorated after a project gone wrong, and that they were told (by me) that there was a "retaliation". The management side overseeing HR complaints came to give me a talk on this, at which point I explained I never said any such thing, and the only occasions I can think of where that analyst may have made that conclusion are in the context of advice. If anything, I tried to wrangle some "good work" for the analyst but that effort failed because I left for vacation and no one gave the analyst anything. The management side overseeing HR noted "hm, interesting" but still encouraged that I may want to consider switching teams \[Edit: to add that there was the "most complaint" against me\]. The management side asked what was going on with the middle manager too, at which point I explained that the situation in the team is very toxic for a variety of reasons.
5. The junior-most person later told me about this complaint they filed but also told me, after this follow up, the HR asked her about me at which point they said "things are better" with me. The junior-most person confided that they complained about the middle manager too for their mistreatment/yelling/etc. and that they told the HR that the mistreatment did not stop as to the middle manager.
6. Around the same time, the big boss began holding team meetings including the junior-most analyst (used to never be a thing, because junior-most was consistently excluded), where he would make that analyst read out loud instructions for hours, while both the middle management and I were just there listening. The big boss began to be way more explicit about expectations and instructions, in ways he never was before. He also began to split up projects in the most inconvenient and artificial way possible to include the junior-most analyst (only to have the substance filled out by me, or redone by me at a later time). The big boss has also been making passive aggressive comments toward everyone -- especially pointed at the junior-most, insinuating that they were useless, and taking away their existing work and giving them a "more important and urgent" project.
7. At the same time, the big boss began to act very formal toward everyone and I sense a little big of anger toward everyone including me. This change is not very dramatic for the other two, but the most dramatic for me, as he used to be pretty casual and friendly toward me. He is formal even in exchanges that are one-on-one with me. He would avoid eye contact with me or engaging me in friendly chat in team lunches, unlike before.
8. The middle manager and I still have the same work, although the team is much slower now, and I'm not hearing from the big boss as much as I used to. The junior-most has no work. The big boss is unusually silent, although perhaps it's because of the holiday season.
9. The middle manager told me that no one had followed up with them regarding HR complaint.

It is clear to me that the big boss has been told. My concern is whether (1) I will be written up/asked to leave, (2) I will be kicked off the team. Why is the big boss acting so distant and holding all kinds of team meetings + breaking up work in such artificial ways? Is the company trying to retain the junior-most? Any thought would be appreciated.