This is a post for all those who consider taking their own lives.
One week ago my little brother committed suicide. I am not going to tell you how, because I don't want anyone getting ideas and I also don't want to get too personal.

He was in his early twenties, he had just started a new job he really liked, he had friends, he was dating, he had fun, he was enjoying life. At least that's what we thought, that's what it looked like. What no-one knew was that he had been struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts for years… The news not only about his sudden death but also about his illness has left his friends and family in a complete shock. Our world has suddenly stopped turning and we have no idea how to deal with this. 

Looking back you start seeing little signs, small things that could have indicated how he was really feeling, behind all his jokes, behind his laughter… not a day has gone by since he left us that I haven't cried until I was completely exhausted; that I haven't begged the universe to let me wake up from this nightmare and bring him back to me.

We were extremely close and I often let him know how much he means to me and that I will always be there for him, but still… he felt alone. It was his depression that didn't allow him to see things the way they really were. And now it's too late. He can't go back, he doesn't get a second chance. We now know that he thought there was a tiny chance he might survive this, but he didn't. If you make that choice, it's final, there's no going back, not for you and not for the ones who love you.

You may think you're alone and that nobody is going to miss you, but that is bullshit. It's your illness that makes you blind.

So please, if you're considering suicide, think about all the pain your death will cause. There are people you can turn to, places you can go to that can help you. There is a way out of this suffering. I wish my brother had had a tiny bit of energy left to seek help. I know this world sucks, I really do. We have created a disgusting society that makes more and more people feel worthless, never good enough and right now I'm furious at the whole world. Please don't bow to the sick ideals of today's society. You don't have to be 'sexy’, you don't have to have a certain weight or earn a certain amount of money. All you really have to do is make yourself happy, truly happy. Reach out so someone. There is help and there are so many people who managed to come out of this and take back control over their lives.

I wouldn't wish this kind of pain upon my worst enemy, so please don't do this to the ones who love you. I know that depression sometimes makes you think 'they will be happier without me’ - I can assure you, that is a lie. It's a lie your illness tells you to make you surrender. It wants to win and to do that you have to die. Don't let it win. Please stand up and fight. You don't have to fight alone, but please don't give up.

Edit: Thank you all for your support, there's not really much I can say at the moment, but please know that your kind words are appreciated