Everything feels awful, and I’m not really sure why
Sorry if I start rambling in this post. I have a lot I need to say, and I don’t know exactly where I’m going with this.

I’ve been feeling perpetually sad for a while now, and I feel like I don’t have the right to be. I have a nice life. I have people who support me. Income isn’t great, but it is good. Yet every day I feel completely drained of happiness, and I don’t know what to do about it.

I have a lot of inspiration for things I would love to do, but I don’t have the motivation to take the necessary steps to actually achieve those goals. It’s been leaving me desperate and wanting for something that I don’t feel I’ll ever reach, and I don’t know how to turn that attitude around.

I feel alone. I’m terrified of talking to people outside of my family and the few close friends I have, and even then, I am still nervous about some of the things I say. There are some things I love, one in particular that I don’t want to say, that are completely harmless, but I can’t talk about because I still feel some embarrassment towards letting them know so much about me.

My brain feels like an emotional mess. With those things that I can’t talk to people about, and I can’t find anyone in person who shares those same interests without specifically announcing it myself, it all just feels built up in my head, and it keeps weighing me down, and yet I am to nervous to talk about it anonymously or in person.

I feel like I have no true direction. Although I don’t like where I currently am, I don’t know where I want to be that would be realistic. I want to be a part of something, but I don’t know what I want to be a part of. I just feel like it’s all completely hopeless, and that I will ultimately be forgotten in the future, no matter what I accomplish.

Nobody really likes me outside of my close group of friends. More than anything, I probably just get lost in a sea of background characters in other people’s lives, just trying to carry on while other people have something that they actually feel like chasing.

It feels like there is just a hole in my head, and all of my thoughts get lost in there. I have a multitude of thoughts, but it’s all a mess, and whenever I try to reach in there and get something out, it makes little to no sense, and it keeps me from actually being able to talk to people about anything.

I don’t want to be a burden on others. My biggest fear is that people only treat me okay because they feel obligated to, not because they actually like me. I don’t want to cause other people pain or discomfort, and I always try to please as many people on each side as possible, but it also results in me being the last person I take into consideration for these things, and it is really starting to hurt.

My life feels like it’s made up more of distractions than actual choices. I will constantly be doing something simple to help ignore and suppress how awful I feel and how awful I am, and they are honestly one of the main things that has been keeping me going outside of my involvement with a group that I’m so embarrassed about that I won’t even talk about it anonymously over the internet, even though it is one of the main sources of happiness in my life.

I feel like I’m dying, and that I have already accepted my death, and that I’m not doing anything to prevent it, as I have completely given up on life. I don’t feel suicidal, but I do constantly wonder how people would react if I died.

Although everything seems stable, it feels like my life is falling apart, and I don’t care enough to stop it. I feel broken, awful, unlikable, lonely, disappointing, directionless, meaningless, etc... and I feel bad for feeling these things, and zi feel bad for how others will feel about it. What the hell is wrong with me?

Sorry for the long post, and sorry if some of it isn’t described well. There’s a lot of this that I honestly don’t know how to explain myself. Sorry.