[28M] Okay I've had enough. Is it just me or is modern dating damn frustrating and depressing?
I am \[28M\] and I've never had a serious relationship before. I was one of those people who didn't really look into dating until I was probably around 26 years old when I finally achieved my career goals - I am a fulltime health professional and own my own house, car, things I want in life etc. Doesn't mean I didn't take fancy on anyone or thought about dating but I was more focused on my career, enjoying life with friends and family prior to that point.  I did like someone at uni, been close with her and unfortunately before I can make a move, she moved to the other side of the country because she changed uni and we pretty much drifted apart.

I've done every dating app under the sun since I was 26. Tinder, Bumble, Hinge, POF and just recently CMB. You guys probably know what sort of people you get on those apps. Dead accounts, bots, people who ghost you for no reason, people who deleted their account despite you guys having good banter, people who only want sex etc. Bit of a nightmarish journey (I even had a girl who said that 'I dont date enough women' when I complimented her on looks...I mean seriously?). Been on tons of dates with mostly disappointing results (but plenty of hilarious dating horror stories as a result). Hell, I even signed up to eHarmony this year after one of my close work colleagues promoted it because one of her friends found her husband on there ("Because if people pay money for it, they'll know what they want and actually want to date"). It's been 4 months or so since I signed up. Matched with a dozen or so girls but most of them dont respond to any messages (Oh great, just like those dating apps). Dated a few. And guess what? Not much different from the 'free' apps.

And when you finally nail a second, third, fourth date, it just fizzles either due to red flags or ghosting/rejection. I speak to my sister and my female friends about my dates and yes, we all screw up sometimes but most of the time, they pinpoint the issue being with the date and not me ("It's not you, it's her"). I am kind of introverted but people would describe me as bubbly, kind, funny and easy-going. I dont think I am bad-looking either (I am no Henry Cavill but I score plenty of matches easily on apps). Why is it this difficult? I take breaks for sure from dating but when I finally head back in, it feels like running a gauntlet of unpleasantness to the point where I think I should just give up and become that cool single rich uncle who's always travelling the world.

Not only that, you have to put up with the judgement of your colleagues, friends, family and relatives. "Oh are you being picky?" "Why do you not ask her out? She looks nice!" "Wait you dont have a girlfriend?" "Oh so you're not seeing her anymore? See you scared her off!" "You'll find someone - you just have to put yourself out there!"

I know modern dating is hard but is this what other people have to put up with too?
Maybe I should stop 'trying/being pro-active' and let destiny take its course -  "You'll find love when you stop looking"?