Today's disposable dating culture
I'm a pretty open minded and modern guy [M32]. Or so I thought. But since I've been dating for the past year or so I've realized I actually got pretty conservative views about dating and relationships. Maybe I cause a shit storm with this one, maybe not. 

From my experience,  the dating game today shuns commitment and encourages disposability: if this one doesn't feel good there's always next, and the next, and the..

I've for example met a woman my age who had never been in a real relationship. To be honest, I wouldn't want to be her first partner, knowing how much there is to learn in order to build a working relationship. 

I've gone through a 8 year relationship, the breakup (3 years ago) and the following anguish. Looking back, it was one of the best thing that ever happened to me.  Learned so much about myself and now I know how important it is to put effort into a relationship, in order to build it strong.

What I am coming at is that many people are so into the disposable dating culture that they've forgot (or never even known) that a real, deep relationship takes a lot of work. And the work never really stops. Yet for this exact same reason it is so much more fulfilling than those one month going-out-but-never-really-getting-to-know-you-cuz-I-just-want-to-have-fun. To me this communicates insecurity and fear of commitment.

I feel like this is one major reason why people are so disconnected from each other and themselves. A proper relationship, which by definition always ends in tears (either death or break up), will teach the partners much about themselves and each other. It won't be easy, but in the end it will either be helluva lot better than being alone or it'll be another valuable, yet painfull life lesson. No commitment = no stakes = no winnings. A bit shaky metaphor, but you get my point.

How do you feel about this? Do you believe in keeping your options open and dating with low maintenance or would you rather put mutual effort into it and see if something long lasting can be born out of it? Why?