Have you ever said, "“I am doing my job well. I deserve this promotion and they are looking for excuses not to give it to me”?
Last week I was having lunch with a friend of mine, who has been struggling to get a promotion for over a year and a half now.  He feels that every time he talks to his manager about “what’s next” his manager gives him a new skill or capability to acquire before they can talk about him being ready for a promotion.  As we were talking, he said, “I am doing my job well.  I deserve this promotion and they are looking for excuses not to give it to me.”

Have you ever felt that way?  Do you feel that way right now?

If the answer is yes, stop and ask yourself a few questions:

*Why do I deserve this promotion?

*What tangible evidence is there to support that I am capable of doing the job (not your current job, but the “next” job)?

*Do my skills, experiences and results meet those basic expectations of the job description of the role I would be promoted to?

What I find is that most people, when they try to answer those questions, will come back to the fact that they do their current job very well, but they don’t have the skills or experiences for the role they want be promoted to.

Take yourself, and the promotion or job you want, out of the equation.  Put yourself in the position of the hiring manager.  You have probably been a “hiring manager” at some point in your life.  Let’s say you had some car trouble that you couldn’t fix yourself.  Would you hire someone who worked exclusively on motorcycles to fix your car?  Probably not.  For the same cost, you are probably going to go with the person who has the experience solving this particular problem for your particular make and model of car, right?  Well, that’s how managers look at promotions – they want to feel confident that you have achieved success in a particular area before they put you into a role.

So let’s delve into why this perspective does not come naturally to us.  Remember, back in school, how you had a class with identified learning objectives?  You learned those objectives and you got to move on to the next class in that series, which built on the previous class’ learning.  The only prerequisite for the next class was the previous class.

Now when we transitioned from school into the workplace, our classes became roles or jobs.  And the pre-requisite for next job or role, comes with qualifications beyond just having done the current job well.  This creates a gap, that up until this point, we have never faced.

*Now suddenly, we have to do our roles well and take on new skills and experiences on our own in order to progress to the next level. *

After 20-some years of this pattern of advancement, you begin to expect that advancement always works the way that it did in school.  Consequently, you take the same steps that have gotten you the results you want your entire life – following the course outline (or job description, as it were) and waiting for your teacher (or boss) to tell you that you are ready for the next class (or a promotion).  Sometimes the waiting game works, which reinforces it’s the only way to go.  When it doesn’t work the way you expect, it can create a sense of confusion, frustration and a sense of being stuck.

Now what are the people who are getting the promotions doing differently?  Well those people aren’t being limited by the belief that they need to have a job before they can begin to get the necessary experience for the job.  So they seek out professional development and learning opportunities at work (special projects) or on their own (classes). I find this is particularly common with athletes and advanced placement students.  For athletes, there are never lines in the sand for performance – they are always striving for a higher and better performance than the last time.  So a job description isn’t limiting, they are playing a game against themselves to be better and to do more.  For the advanced placement students, they got used to being pushed outside of the current curriculum by themselves, their parents and teachers.  Consequently those individuals are less likely to feel bound by the confines of a job description, they gain the qualifications for the next role and then get promoted to the next level.

So what’s the gap you are facing between where you are right now and the promotion or job that you want?  What can you do fill that gap?  And most importantly,

    *what ARE you going to do to fill that gap?* 

Did you know that writing down your goal and telling others about it makes you 30% more likely to achieve it?  C’mon!  Tell us what you’re going to do!