what to do with ex girlfriend / bestfriend (long but please read, need advice)
There’s a girl that i’ve been best friends with since the 7th grade. We’re both 16 and are Juniors in high school. As we got older (end of freshmen year / sophomore year) it came to the attention that we were both in love with each other. We tried to have a relationship in sophomore year but it never ended up working out. (We also go to different schools but live about 10 min away from each other) We still remained close friends and we got back together for one week during the beginning of our Junior year, but the thing is that she was talking to Senior at the time. She ended things with me that week because she wanted to “live her teenage years fully” because she always told me that we would get married and have children together when we’re older. They later ended up getting into a relationship that lasted 2 months before she ended things with him because “she was in love with someone else” (indirectly talking about me). But when she told me that, we still never talked as much as we did when we were best friends. (We weren’t “best friends” because she had a boyfriend if that makes sense). I later found out from her friend about a month after she broke up with him that they were back together and she never told me. Even after talking so much shit about him when they broke up. And i really am in love with this girl and never felt about this way about any other girl i’ve ever tried to have a relationship with and i’m not sure what to do. Would it be wrong to ghost her for a little while or should i still text her every so often. She never made a effort to text me after she broke up with him after claiming that it was because she loved me they broke up, so i would only think she would want to talk to me. I feel extremely bad ghosting her but it seems to me that she doesn’t really care too much. 

Sorry if this made little to no sense to anyone reading this. This is just something i’m currently dealing with and i have no one to talk to / get advice from about this situation.

Thanks btw if you read this, ur a real one.