My advisor owes me past-due teaching and research salary, refuses to pay, university is ignoring me
I'm wondering how I should approach this problem. I'm a PhD student at the University of Texas at Austin, my former advisor owes me a semester of unpaid TA/GRA salary, and UT admin is ignoring my complaints.

I'm wondering how I should approach it because of my complicity in my advisor's wrongdoing. My advisor wanted me to TA their class, but wanted to officially hire a different student as the TA and hire me as GRA because TAs get free tuition and GRAs don't and my tuition is already paid for by other means. So I went along with this and agreed to be TA while my advisor told the department another student was the TA, since my advisor phrased it as "we do it this way, or I don't hire you at all". Then I never got paid as GRA. First my advisor told me it was admin's fault, they must just be slow. Then I talked to admin and they said my advisor started but never completed paperwork to hire me as GRA. Then my advisor told me they were waiting for grant money to come in, they would pay me when it arrived. Then the grant money arrived, I still didn't get paid, and my advisor said their memory was fuzzy and they couldn't remember the details of our agreement and that they didn't owe me money for teaching their class, why would I expect to get paid for teaching. I wrote this out in a letter with times and dates and contents of specific conversations and submitted it to the University's Office of Compliance, and they never responded. I sent them a second letter, asking whether they intended to respond, and they still didn't respond. So I don't have any written contract that I could take to court and the office that is in charge of policing malfeasance by staff and faculty is ignoring me. I suppose the next step is to go sit in their office and not leave until someone answers my questions. What other options do I have? And what type of trouble would I be in for going along with my advisor's plan to lie to the university about who is teaching their classes? I looked into labor laws, and unfortunately in Texas the statute of limitations for unpaid salary claims is 60 days, which has already passed, so I don't know what I might do outside of the university if University admin continues to ignore me.

Thoughts? Advice? Thanks.