I am sorry mom and dad.
I want C. to take care of my dog.  

I want my father and mother to take over my house. If they don’t want the responsibility, then I wish for them to sell the home and keep the money. Because they gave me a second chance at life and put resources into me. It’s the least I can do, allow them to recoup something. I know they would rather have me, they never failed me, but unfortunately I cannot go on anymore.

My snap-on toolbox should be given to R.. He can keep my tools.

My biological mother L. will get half of my personal belongings, clothes and anything that will help her keep the memories of me.

Anything else that I own will be donated or thrown away.  

This is nobodies fault. So many friends, family, and doctors tried their hardest to save me. Please know it’s not your fault. Please forgive me. I know that people will question my actions. People will wish I pushed harder and not have done this. I have been in despair for so many years. Suffering silently and trying my hardest to get better; to have peace. I unfortunately couldn’t bear the weight of my mental illness. It changed me, ripped away every fiber of my being. Left me broken and unrecognizable. I lost everything I love to my sickness. I look in the mirror daily and have no idea who I am. All I see is a deeply broken man. I ask that you keep the memories of me for who I was. The unbroken A.. The comforter, the loving person, the selfless A., the man who breaks bread with strangers in need, the one full of compassion and unconditional love. Please don’t remember me for the monster I have become. The angry man, having no patience or control, selfish and hurtful towards those I love; bipolar. I cannot bear that reality. Knowing that I am not me anymore. No matter how hard I try, the A. I once was is dead. I miss his softness, his love, his intellect, his ability to understand and protect others. All I am left with is a shell. I look like A.. But I assure you, he is completely dead inside. Nothing is left of him. No matter how hard I try, I cannot revive him. He is gone, and I carry the weight of who I once was. No more am I actually alive, my fire is gone, my will to live completely destroyed. I am just a shell now. I have unbearable headaches daily. I can’t speak with articulate words anymore. My emotions are numb now. I don’t feel anything. My mind whispers daily that relief will come only when I give up.  That my peace will come when I quit. I have never been a quitter, I have always been a fighter. But for the first time in my life, I face an enemy whom I cannot defeat. My mind is my enemy now instead of my best friend, as it used to be. I know that people will think I am selfish. I ask you to please not carry this pain. It’s unbearable and not worthy to carry. I wish this cup was not mine to drink from, but the poison has come to me anyways. I know that nobody will get to ask me why? Or find the closure they seek. Please find closure in this fact. I am sick, if I wasn’t sick I wouldn’t have taken my life. I couldn’t bear this weight anymore. It has destroyed and taken from me everything that I am. My ability to think, my emotions to feel, my fire, my life. It has taken everything that I was. Nothing is left of me that is me. I wish I could kill what’s wrong with me and still live. But the reality is that I cannot. Please forgive me and allow me the dignity to be remembered for who I was, not what I became. It gives me great shame to know what I am now. To know that my smile is nothing but a mask, my eyes an ocean of despair. I have tried the medications, the therapy, held on to hope. But nothing will fix this. Just as cancer takes over a man and steals his life. So it is with my severe mental illness. This is a cancer, invisible, in the mind. Nothing can cured this. Nothing could have prevented this. I lived a good life. I traveled and felt the world beneath my feet, met good people everywhere I went, and it was beautiful. My life was not lived in vain. I was given a second chance by my parents and they showed me love and compassion. They showed me how to live again. I will forever be thankful for them and the sacrifices they made for a stranger, as they consider me their own child. My life would not have had joy or love without my family. I wish this illness never happened. I have overcome so much in life, but I couldn’t overcome this.  

Sincerely,

A.

I know this will hurt, please know it’s not your fault, it’s nobodies fault. With the last piece of love left in my heart, though it is not much, I wish to share it with everyone who knew me. No matter if we had problems, I forgive you, please forgive me.