A co-worker called me unprofessional and insulted my intelligence. What do I do and how do I feel confident tomorrow?
I am a recent university grad and I'm currently working at an office for a summer job before I start my post-grad in the fall. The majority of my team is in their 40s, and they often talk about their young kids and since starting I've found it hard to relate to them. They have placed in a cubicle far away from where everyone else sits, so it's made it more difficult for me to get to know them. Despite this, I've been pretty friendly.

Over the past few weeks, I've had a strong feeling that my co-workers have talked about me behind my back. Usually when I leave after asking them a question I hear them whispering. As an intern, I've also received very minimal work and I usually do one task a day or spend the day refreshing my email. When I ask if anything needs to be done, they say there's nothing I can do to help. Today, one of my co-workers gave a filing task. She didn't really explain what the files were. I arranged the files and put them in a folder not thinking much of it. About 30 minutes later she comes up to me, saying that my work looked unprofessional and that if I need help with filing and stapling things together to ask the receptionist because the receptionist is actually good at filing and completing the task. I think she could tell from my facial expressions that this comment hurt me, so she said it again.

For the last hour of the day, I felt really shitty. I felt really stupid as well. Earlier in the day before the incident happened, the same coworker asked me to email her a document, which I did, however she did not receive it. She made another co-worker watch me re-send the email to make sure I was "doing it correctly" (really? you don't think I can send an email correctly?) and for some odd reason the email went through.

I'm feeling a bit crappy about myself and my capabilities. At this point I'm a bit nervous about asking my co-workers for work/things to do because it feels like they think I'm stupid or socially inept. A lot of the tasks are so menial, so it feels like I can't even "show" them that I'm smart or a hard worker.

Advice?