Passing a note on a plane
Almost five years ago, I was in line to board a plane to go back home. I saw a cute girl a few people ahead of me and wanted to ask her out, but didn't want to put her on the spot and make her uncomfortable. I also didn't know if she was leaving home or going home. I got onto the plane hoping her seat was near mine and I could try strike up a casual conversation and she how it goes from there. She was about 10 rows in front of me. I nervously wrote her a note and worked up the courage to walk it up to her. Of course, she was in the window seat. I had to awkwardly ask a stranger to pass a note to another stranger for me. In the note I explained that I thought she seemed like one of those girls that is shy and doesn't realize how beautiful she is. I also mentioned that based on her interactions with the airport staff, while in line, I got the impression that she was very polite and she seemed like an all-around good person. I gave a little info about myself and the general area in which I live. Then, I asked her to text me if she would be interested in going on a date and listed my full name and phone number. Oh, also, I asked her to include the color of her backpack in the text, so I knew it was her. I couldn't actually recall the color at the time of writing the note, but figured this would discourage anyone that might find the note from messing with me for fun. I didn't expect to receive a response from her. I figured it would probably come across in one of two ways, creepy or endearing, but I took my chance.

She texted me back about 40 minutes after the flight landed. Here's what she said:
"My name is Brooke and I was on your flight from New Orleans to Detroit with a maroon backpack. Thank you, for you kind words. I deeply admire you for taking a chance. I actually live in Boston and have a boyfriend who I love. You sound like a great, thoughtful guy, and I wish you all the best in your life! Keep putting yourself out there and sharing what you see in others -- we all have our own (sometimes small) ideas about ourselves, right? Enjoy your Sunday and safe travels home." So, even though it didn't work out the way I had hoped, I thought it was awesome that she reached out anyway. 

Don't be afraid to take a chance, even if it's a long shot. Hopefully, this story is helpful to at least one person in some way. Thank you, for reading.