I left my job on July 18 with no leads of any kind and no savings whatsoever. Yesterday, I got an offer at my dream job. Here's how I did it.
On June 21, I thought I had found the next step on my career path. Literally less than a month later, I quit. I was working 80+ hours a week for not enough money. It was taking a toll on my happiness and my relationship with my girlfriend. 

I didn't know what to do. I had no savings (besides part of my last paycheck and a paycheck that would be small). However, I hustled and here's how I got a job that I feel I'll love with no help from a network, friends or family. 

First off, I treated finding a job like it was a job. I'm sure you've read this before and it's not a joke. From 8 AM to 5 PM, I searched for and applied to jobs. I wrote a specific cover letter for every one of them. Whether it was the cover letters or the website's crazy antics in regards to the information I had to give, it would take around an hour to thoroughly apply for the jobs. So then, I was turning in 8 applications a day, give or take a couple. I feel that every cover letter I sent was epic. On top of this, I still treated my life the same. I woke up at 7 and cooked breakfast. I went to the gym after "work." I even went out with friends on the weekends. By the first weekend, I had had a few phone interviews so I felt going out would be fine as I'd hear back from someone. On top of this, I updated my resume to reflect the skillset that I had garnered or expanded upon in my last job. I also killed a lot of the white space on my resume. I don't even have a G.P.A. on it. I feel like a lot of places understand that a G.P.A. isn't really indicative of anything anymore. I had a 3.003 out of school. Not the best and definitely not the best for some careers (so keep that in mind, engineers, IT, etc.) Regardless, I revamped my resume. Reach out to someone if you're not sure. Do not be embarrassed. I would always try to hide my resume from friends or family when I could've used the help. I didn't want them to know how poorly I'd done in college.

Secondly, I found my job on my state's job board. It's a nonprofit that works to help people find jobs. I don't know if EVERY state has these nonprofits, but I just looked up a few in a few major states. Regardless, I'm sure SOME nonprofit in every state focuses on this. Someone can correct me if I'm wrong. Why I think this played a major role, however, is because this essentially (in North Carolina, at least) weeded out all the Vector Marketing (sorry Vector people!) and bullshit jobs. Now, if you're in IT or something like that, this may not be an issue for you. But I know plenty of people who are "qualified" for some jobs, will get calls back in 30 minutes of applying, and find out that it's a pyramid scheme or uncomfortably close. Regardless, I had confidence that every job that I applied to was a legitimate organization. This meant that I was spending my time wisely.

So I got a phone interview. People put so much emphasis on the actual, face-to-face interviews (and they should), but the phone interview is a very real thing now. You need to be preparing for the phone interview as you apply. If you get a call from a random number, it's probably time for a phone interview. If you're not ready, I can only imagine how hard it is to get to the actual, first interview. Regardless, I figured it was coming and knocked it out of the park. If you get a call from a random number and it's for a job you applied to, IT MAY BE A PHONE INTERVIEW! If you're not ready, tell them you're busy. Do anything that you can to hold them off. Telling them, "Sorry, I'm headed to a three hour movie" while you prepare for the interview is obviously reasonable considering they randomly called you. If it's not for some organizations, you probably don't want to work there anyway. 

So I got called in for a first interview. At this point, I had spent the past TWO DAYS studying the organization and practicing my answers. In these two days, I still treated finding a job like my job, but I didn't apply to any new jobs. I simply prepared for this first interview. By the time I got there, there wasn't a question they could throw at me that I didn't have the perfect answer to. I came here to r/jobs, I searched for first interviews, I searched for first interview questions to ask, etc. I studied my answers and how I would say them--at what speed, how I would use my hands, etc. I also practiced my posture so that I could have a confident posture as I interviewed. During the actual interview, I kept careful notice of things like my hand movement and posture and adjusted them accordingly. I kept good contact with all three individuals who were interviewing me. I threw a bit of my personal traits in (like my humor) and made them laugh multiple times. When I couldn't think of an answer RIGHT off the bat, I took my time. I'd sit there in silence for 10 or 15 seconds and gather my thoughts. Then, I'd knock it out of the park. Those of you who aren't necessarily personable, practice it. Practice it for the sake of the interview. I can only imagine how many people have not gotten jobs despite being very qualified for them simply because they seemed a bit stiff or awkward. 

During this first interview, you obviously want to relate every question they ask back to your previous experience or education. This may not work for computer science or engineering, but in a lot of careers, you are going to be asked the EXACT SAME QUESTIONS that you read whenever you Google what questions you may be asked. I can't quite hone in on how many questions I got, but I would say a good 25% were questions I'd heard plenty of times before and had mastered. I had mastered exactly how I would tie them back to my previous experience. 

I knew I killed the first one. I texted all of my friends and let them know that the job was mine. After my first interview, they told me that I'd hear back from them by the end of the week (my first interview was on Tuesday), and that there would only be a second interview if there was another great candidate. On Wednesday, I awaited my offer. Cocky, I know. But I flat-out murdered that first interview. Nothing on Wednesday. On Thursday, I received a call... They needed me for a second interview. Fuck. I had some real, true competition. I was one of two possible candidates. Did I fret? Did I cry and hope I'd get it? Nope. I went back to the drawing board. 

This time, I researched the second interview. I'd actually never had one despite having four jobs since 18 (I'm 24 now). I read that there was a possibility that it'd be a tour and that they'd want to see how I fit in with the organization. I read that the questions would get a little bit more in depth. So I prepared. I prepared my ass off. By the way, the second interview was at 4 PM, and they called me to ask if I could come in for another one at 12:30 PM. Maybe that's their technique... but on my end, it just seemed like a short amount of time. Regardless, I got ready as much as I could. I got more in depth with my answers, and literally practiced how I would speak to people I met to show how I'd fit in with the organization. I went deeper in my research. I went through the first 20 pages on Google to read anything I could on the organization. I could've done more, I'm sure. I knew names, dates, facts, and figures. I knew their outcomes, their budget, their programs, etc. I was ready when it came down to it. 

I went in and was as personable as I could be. They had someone new there to interview me. I had expected the CEO from my research (and prepared questions and answers for her in particular!) but it wasn't her. Regardless, I had practiced everything so many times it didn't matter. I took a tour of the facilities, asked NEW and more SPECIFIC questions to see if I wanted to work there (that's what they're looking for on a second interview, I'd read), and walked out of there feeling like I'd kill that interview too.

But tomorrow, 9 AM came. And no call. I waited and I waited. It seemed like I waited for an eternity. No call. DON'T let this psyche you out. Sometimes it takes time as I learned today. Well, I guess that's obvious. But I just always think they'll call the person who gets the job right away. Anyway, I got the call. Every time I've gotten a job, actually, the person on the other end extending the job offer to me has always sounded somber like they had some bad news for me. This was no different. But I heard the words. "We'd like to offer..." I literally teared up. I had no savings. I had reached out to my friends and family but to no avail. I had to continue to make money immediately. And I succeeded when I had to. It literally made me flat-out cry. 

So what did I do exactly? I listened to all of the advice I'd ever gotten. I read long ass bullshit like this. I internalized all of the advice that I'd ever read. I was confident mainly. I answered every question like I'd already had the job. r/jobs had helped me out more than they knew. They'd taught me so much about interviewing and fine-tuning a cover letter or resume. Thank you so much, r/jobs. You helped me find work that is righteous. I'm working for a nonprofit that helps at-risk women. This is an important goal to me. This was also the first job I'd ever gotten where there was solely one position. Every other job I'd ever gotten, there were multiple positions open for the same job title. This one was special. And all the research I did, including here on r/jobs helped me tremendously. 

Stay hopeful. And I hope this information helps someone as r/jobs has helped me.