It is Likely that I’ll lose my Husband to suicide.
We’ve been married 12 years and have 4 kids. He attempted suicide once, before we met. I should also note his father committed suicide when he was a baby. He’s been honest since we met about his mental health and I knew it was risky choosing to spend my life with him, but I was in love and naïvely thought depression could be conquered. 
Fast forward to present, my husband works in mental and behavioral health, he is very successful (constant stream of referrals to see him) He wants to help others find their way out of the darkness he often finds himself in. We’ve had lots of ups and downs with depression over the years. This Past Fall was the worst, he took a leave of absence and then ended up quitting his job. He was really down for a few months.  Finally we tried a Ketamine infusion series which worked really well. But slowly over the last few weeks the depression has come back. We tried a Ketamine treatment yesterday, but it hasn’t helped much.
He told me last night that he’s done fighting. Life is just too hard. 
I felt like in the fall I had started preparing myself for the fact that I might lose him. I was seeing a great therapist at the time, and she really helped me. But right now we dont have health insurance and financially can’t afford therapy. 
No one else really knows the extent of His depression. I feel selfish wanting him to stay, because I know he’s hurting so much, and so tired of fighting, i want peace for him no matter what that means. However the reality is if he leaves us it will devastate this family, emotionally, and financially, and I have to think about those things because I will be responsible for all the pieces, and helping our kids navigate life without their Dad. And I cannot imagine life without my soul mate. I don’t know what to do or say anymore.  I feel so scared and alone.

** thank you so much for all of your kind words, and support. This is my first post and first I thought it didn’t work, but it was therapeutic to write down how I was feeling. 

I know it sounds like I’m giving up, but truly I will fight with him as long as he wants. He knows this. He also has taught me that suicide is not the selfish act so many view it as. Depression/mental illness can truly be a terminal disease and deserves the same respect and care as terminal disease. (In my opinion) 

So I’m trying to come to terms with what might be a reality for me. 

That said, I will never regret choosing him. everyone has struggles, and depression has been the biggest one we’ve fought together. Working in mental health he has saved many lives and helped many learn to thrive in their circumstances. He’s overcome a million obstacles and been the best example to others! 

And we have a beautiful family. We have kids who understand how their brains work, and how to be compassionate. They know that their feelings and the feelings of others, no matter what they are are, valid. My kids know love and acceptance of others is the greatest virtue they can have. My husband has taught us all so many things, I am a better person, and parent because of him. And this won’t change regardless of when his battle ends. 

And for those who haven’t had someone validate their feelings of wanting to move beyond this life, just know I hear you. Keep talking to your loved ones, it is a hard thing to hear and understand if you’ve never felt that way yourself, but I am proof, it’s possible.