I can't stop thinking about death.
Thanks in advance to anyone who takes the time to read this. I am a 32-year-old woman, and I want to preface this post with the following: I am happy/I love life. I have an amazing boyfriend of 3 years, an adorable dog, my own profitable business and an apartment I rent in NYC. I am a published writer, have hobbies and have a wonderful relationship with my family. I'm relatively healthy, have great friends and have the joy of working with children every day. I had a privileged childhood with no trauma and no loss other than the passing of my grandparents.

With all that said, I have been completely plagued with thoughts of death for the last year. Out of nowhere last September (not even near my birthday), I seem to have developed a preoccupation overnight with thinking about my own mortality. I don't worry that it will happen soon--I just have this voice in my head that reminds me all throughout the day that I am going to die one day (for some people I know this is a comforting thought, but for me it incites panic). Nobody around me would know that these thoughts are flowing through my mind a minimum of probably 20 times a day, because I'm focused and seem very in-the-moment (though obviously I'm not 100% so!). 

If I had to self-diagnose, I would say the following things are coming into play: a predisposition for anxiety, mild OCD-like tendencies, a need to be in control, an overactive mind and then what I would consider to be a natural curiosity about things of an existential nature. 

I should also state that I do not subscribe to any particular religious dogma (I was raised Jewish) and am doubtful about an afterlife (and don't particularly want to be convinced of one at this juncture).

I just don't know how to make the thoughts go away. I feel like I'm turning my life into this task of waiting for something to end (I don't know if that makes sense). I haven't lost my ability to enjoy it, but I would definitely say that every joy seems to be laced with this heaviness--this reminder that this is all fleeting. I completely understand on a practical level that this awareness should just allow me to treat everything as a gift and to savor it, but in practice that isn't how my mind is processing it. Additionally, I don't buy into the theory that when you're old you're always ready, because my own mother feels nowhere near ready to go, and the thought of that for myself terrifies me. 

It's probably also worthwhile to note that while I said this erupted in September, there was a period when I was somewhere between 7 and 9 where I sort of "realized" that I was going to die one day. Don't ask me why, but I have suddenly recalled a memory that the original Superman movie (which I only saw that one time on TV) sort of ignited it (I have this memory of Superman as a baby floating through space, though I may have made that scene up). Somehow the idea of space and death have always been interrelated to me because of the infinite nature of time and space. I remember from that point forward regularly getting into a panic as a child at night when I would let myself think about the inevitability of death. Thank heavens I had a TV in my room and could drown out the thoughts. It then just went away and I stopped thinking about it. 

I recently confided in this to my mom only to discover that she used to have insomnia as a child thinking about death and that her mom would turn on the radio for her to drown out her thoughts. 

I have tried talking to a therapist, but that hasn't really helped. I'm thinking about meditation and Eastern sort of philosophies in general (not religious ones per se, but more of just life perspectives), and I'm seriously considering hynotherapy. I'm not sure what to do. I don't want to think about death every day for the rest of my life.

Does anyone have any insight?