I don't know how to end things with my boyfriend.
I should say he's my ex-boyfriend since I left him 3 days ago. We dated for 2 and half years, but I can't be with him anymore because I've always had to carry this big weight on my shoulders with him. It's made me bitter and always frustrated. I couldn't talk to him about anything at all. If he checked out another girl in front of me, I couldn't say anything. If I did, he would turn to anger and tell me the entire argument is my fault because I brought it up in the first place. Last year, I tried leaving him. 

He gave me false promises and hope about him stopping to be that way. It only lasted for a month and the past year I've struggled with trying to make things work with him. It seemed like I was the only one trying and the only one making an effort to make anything better. It takes 2 people to make a relationship work.

 I'm afraid to say anything and always held everything in because of him. This isn't a way a relationship should be.. at least a healthy one. I'm tired of it all. I'm seeing myself turn into this ill tempered bitch and it's because of him. When I finally dumped him, he won't leave me alone. He came to my house and wouldn't leave and kept calling me to come outside. When I finally did he wouldn't stop trying to hug me and kiss me and crying. So much crying, but what about those times I would cry and beg for him to forgive me for saying anything? He would always look at me and keep smoking his cigarette, and wouldn't say anything to me. I felt like dirt under his shoe for the past 2 years. 

It's just a bad situation I needed to get out of.. Now he won't stop messaging me and calling me. It's like no matter what I do he keeps bothering me. He wants me to come back to him and to give him time to show me that he'll be different. I don't want to though. I keep telling him, but he doesn't get the picture. He talks about suicide and I know it's post break up things, but he talked about it before. And normal people wasn't in war and saw the stuff he saw and had to do what he did.. It worries me at the same time. I don't know how to end things with him... It's stressing me out so much..