Almost 30, never had a "real" job, and feel just as lost on a career path as I did 10 years ago. Where can I go from here?
So yeah, I graduated college 5 years ago with a music degree and studied classical guitar. I'm still passionate about music and ideally I'd want to make it my career, but I've found it hard to concentrate on a particular thing ( I play guitar, I play bass, write songs) and have largely lacked the the motivation to dedicate myself to it.

Since graduating, I've been working part time as a writing and remedial math tutor between two community colleges. I also maintain a handful of guitar students to teach and gig fairly regularly. Honestly I like what I do, especially the music stuff, but I probably only clear about 20k a year and that is simply not enough, especially when I consider my age, what my peers are earning, and the lack of advancement of my part time job. 

Essentially, while I know I'm still gonna pursue music in some capacity, I want the piece of mind of pursuing something I can actually make a career out of. And maybe that is music, but I don't know how to get there. 

I do have some ideas. First, I know I've pretty much ruled out pursuing higher ed or public schools. While I enjoy teaching one on one, I don't think a classroom setting is for me and the cost of furthering my education for that hardly seems worth it. I am however very analytically minded, and feel like I'd make a good technician of some sort, whether that's in repairing guitars and other instruments, or working with audio/visual, or with electronics. 

It's also worth mentioning that I have a basic accounting certificate and could be an entry level bookkeeper, but I've done a bit of that work and don't particularly enjoy it, and the hourly pay was much lower by the hour than my tutoring job. I am very good with numbers and precise though.

I know I have a set of skills, I just don't know how to organize my thoughts and concentrate on one thing to really get a career going. Does anyone here have any thoughts?