if you are hurting, Please read this, my story might help give you the courage to fight back against the darkness. I’m always here to listen to anyone who needs it.
So I’ve been living with multiple mental disorders my entire life and on top of it all, I’m autistic. 

God knows I’ve been in some dark places in my life, abusing drugs, alcohol, cigarettes. Thoughts of suicide constantly creeping into my head. Broken relationships, heartbreak, loneliness. 

In my 23 years on this planet, I have always thought, “why me?” “Why was I out here with so many issues?” And I just had so much anger towards my parents for creating me with issues. I told friends I didn’t have plans past 30 years old. I told them I didn’t want to get married and ruin someone, I didn’t want kids and pass on my disabilities to them and ruin their lives too. I felt happy when I was alone and sad when I was with friends. I’m sure a lot of you feel these same things on a daily basis too. 

But I finally reached out to my family and they supported me and my close friends supported me. I quit doing drugs, started going to the gym and got myself into the best shape of my life. I went from almost dropping out of college with a 2.2 GPA 2 years ago to graduating 3 weeks ago with a 3.0 GPA and a degree in Public Relations with a minor in General Business. I built new relationships with people I never would’ve met if I dropped out. 

I gained confidence and started asking out and talking to girls who would have made me shake and sweat profusely if I tried to talk to them before this. I’ve had dates with sorority girls, and it’s proof that we can all make changes in our lives no matter how tough we have it. It’s just about confidence and self esteem. 2 things in my life that were extremely low until I started self evaluating myself. Started practicing speaking in my room. Started smiling at myself in the mirror, trying to ignore the flaws I used to see. Now I can speak in front of entire classes and my clients. Can talk to attractive girls and make them feel nervous for a change. You can all do this too. I promise.

Lord knows I still struggle everyday. I still get the dark thoughts that try to get me to relapse, but I’m trying to be a better person, to challenge myself everyday to do something new, talk to somebody different, make new friends, go on adventures. And my demons will always be there in my head, grabbing me and trying to pull me back into my darkness, but for now, I’m here fighting like crazy because I will not go back into the darkness without a fight. 

Find that one friend who truly supports you and has your best interests. For me it’s my best friend. When I start to feel darkness, I face time her and she is always there to pick up and talk to me no matter what time it is. She listens to me and gives me advice, and sometimes it’s harsh advice but it’s what I need at the time. She gives me peace of mind, she truly loves me and I probably would’ve taken my life if I didn’t meet her 2 years ago. Find that person in your life and when you do, hold them close, don’t let go because we all need support if we’re going to make it through the pain.

For everyone out there struggling, You will get through this. We are the strongest people out there. We face death and darkness and stare it in the eyes. We push it away from us and we’re still here. No one can call us weird or different because we aren’t boring and ordinary. We are strong, unique individuals who have a story to tell. You are all beautiful and full of life. Please don’t ever feel like you aren’t worth anything because I grew up with those thoughts and once I figured things out, I realized that I still have a lot to give to this world, even if I am autistic, even if I have borderline personality disorder and OCD and severe depression and anxiety. Through all of my disorders, I’ve still managed to make my life into something I can feel proud of, even if it took me 23 years of pain and suffering to get here. I love you all. Keep fighting and remember how beautiful and unique you all are:) treat everyday like a step in the right direction. Try and do something each day that brings you positivity. For me it’s art, but it could be sports, cooking, reading a good book, etc. find your happiness and carry that with you. We got this guys. I promise:)