The Ivy League vs The Techvy League
After years of public pressure from pretentious high schoolers and their parents, the Ivy League - Harvard, Princeton, Yale, Columbia, UPenn, Brown, and Dartmouth - finally voted to kick Cornell out of the Ivy League. In an official statement released to the press, Harvard, representing the League, explained that "Cornell had failed to maintain the humanities and liberal arts focus necessary to stay in the League".

Cornell supporters were devastated, claiming that this decision was an attack against Cornell's high acceptance rate and its mission to educate the masses. The Institutes of Technology - MIT, Caltech, GeorgiaTech - watched as the debacle unfolded. Together, they decided that they would do something to right the wrong. 

On a Tuesday morning, Cornell received a phone call, "Hi Cornell, it's MIT. We have some things to discuss..."

Cornell arrived at The Conference. Inside, sat MIT, Caltech, and GeorgiaTech. "We've brought in some powerhouses to help us with what we're about to do", MIT announced.

Carnegie Mellon entered the room. UC Berkeley entered the room. Stanford entered the room. 

A document was passed around, gaining signatures from each of the schools. On it, read "The reign of the Ivy-League ends today."

On September 1st, 2025, the Techvy League declared war on the Ivy League, flooding the airwaves with billions of negative attack ads.

MIT vs Harvard

Stanford vs Princeton

UC Berkeley vs Yale

CalTech vs Columbia

Carnegie Mellon vs UPenn

Cornell vs Brown

GeorgiaTech vs Dartmouth. 

During the 2025-2026 admission season, acceptance rates for each of the Ivy League institutions rose to an all-time high while acceptance rates for the Techvy League institutions fell to a record low. Slowly but surely, Ivy League alumni stopped providing donations to their alma maters, and endowments at each of the Ivy League schools began to dwindle. 

By 2033, 8 years after the war had started, the Ivy League surrendered. Running out of money and no longer able to fill their freshman classes, the Ivy League had come to the end of the road. Brown, Dartmouth, UPenn, and Columbia had already boarded up their campuses while Harvard, Princeton, and Yale pleaded for mercy. None was granted. 

In 2035, the Ivy League institutions are nothing but a memory. The Techvy League - MIT, Stanford, UC Berkeley, CalTech, Carnegie Mellon, Cornell, and GeorgiaTech - reign supreme.