this is just absurd like WTF
who the fuck made this world?
who the fuck made such a sad ass system?

im tired of living this way, where everyone look at you as a robot
as a "you only here to do homework, we only spend money on your ass to go to school and later you need to find a job"

is this really it? life = money?
what are we? arent we humans? 
why cant we treat eachother with value and respect despite our wealth, looks?

why cant we love eachother and help eachother?
i feel numb, i feel frustrated that this is what we human really are, a greedy little fucks who only care about themselves
maybe not all of us , but the majority
of us are just like that 

im so tired of going to school to just "get shit done to get to work to get money to survive"

and i say survive, not live happily
because there is nothing happy about our misrable world....maybe there is things you can enjoy or should i say now its just to "destract myself from my constant suicidal thoughts and my depression"

everyone look down on you because "you are a disapointment and you got no wealth"

everyone CAN rise you up and respect you because "this man is a successor!
this man got that company ! this man is blah, that woman got the money"

and honstly....i undersrand how delucional everyone is but....i think we took it way too far

we are losing ourselves in our shit show
and im tired , i cant live anymore in a fucked up world that is
as a fucked up person that is me...

i want this nightmare to be over...
im tired of how we humans are associated with our school, work like we are slaves to our survival
if you want to survive in a crule,fucked up world go ahead....

but im so tired of always being a slave to my needs...i dont want to burden, bother anyone with my survival

honstly i dont care about furture,success,work,relationships
and life ingeneral

i just dont give a fuck anymore...its all meaningless to me
its all gray and pointless to me
like why am i even trying to do that or that? to just breath? to survive? to not end up homeless?
fuck this shit and fuck survival and fuck money fuck people fuck fake friends fuck relationships who they love only your looks,money
fuck family who treat you like a fuckin dog,slave
fuck everything and lastly
fuck me and mylife
soon i will die....
to free myself from my constant stress and my constant highly depressed ass

im tired of living... everything always gets the best of me

edit : also i forgot to mention...
why didnt god just make us less greedy 
make us less "you have to eat, sleep,work to survive" why didnt he just made us pure souls wandering around 
enjoying nature? without the need of food or anything? so we all could love eachother and FINALLY no more rape, war , murder
its all frustrating
why did god made us with so many flaws?
why cant god just free us from our suffering? 
the answer is simple ....it might be for "reasons" we humans dont understand
well why couldn't he just make us understand why he made us..
or it might be just for his entertaintment
just like us humans
when you are bored....you go watch a movie or something
maybe we are only toys and a show to him..
there is no exuse nor "reason" is justified to him for making us suffer like this

is there REALLY a good reason for him to make us suffer like this?? especially depressed,sucidal people? 
like you realize you dont live that badly you start to feel super guilty about anything to the point only death will free you from your constant guilt 
i didnt ask to be a suicidal asshole
i didnt ask to have a very close minded
family
i didnt ask to have such a fat body from the start
i didnt ask to be addicted on unhealthy ways to cope with my depression...
yet there are religions who tell that when you kill yourself you go to hell
REALLY????? like....oh wow
now im really being forced to get tortured

lol sorry if i sounded rude, i'm just frustrated :(