3 months, >80 application, 3 temp agencies, 6 interviews, nothing. I can't pay my bills this month. What now?
Hey. Thank you for reading.

I have \~13 of customer service/retail. I was a kitchen manager at my last job.

In January, I had a serious medical episode. I collapsed at work. I should have gone to the hospital, but I was too delirious to know what was happening. I got on a bus and made it home. While this was happening, the owner of the restaurant screamed at me. I was out for a week. When I came back, the manager yelled at me in the office until I had a seizure/panic attack and was hyperventilating on the floor, then left me in the office.

After that, I couldn't be in the establishment without panic attacks. I decided to quit at the end of February. They ended up asking me to stay, and I gave them six weeks longer than was my intention. My last day was April 1st.

I promised myself that I wouldn't go back to kitchen work.

Part of the reason that I had medical issue was the physical and emotional stress of the job. I also have joint and back pain. I won't dwell on it, but I just can't do it anymore.

I decided to look for literally any entry level desk work.

I set up a linkdin and indeed account and have stalked craigslist and indeed, looked at neighborhood facebook groups. I had two friends of mine who do hiring help write my resume and the generic version of my cover letter (I customize it per application). I bought professional-looking clothes for interviews.

Three of my interviews have gone very well, and they were encouraging in their rejection letters. The other three were discouraging. One of the better interviews was Monday, and I haven't been formally rejected yet, but I think it's coming. I will follow up on Monday.

Sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy. Some of the people who interview me seem to be incredibly impressed by my skill pool (it's varied; though I have customer service, I also have an associates in graphic design, am a published author, and have a few years of entry-level coding experience). The one I just got the rejection letter from heaped praises on me, in fact. They basically told me they needed to interview one other person as a formality. I still proceeded with other applications and interviews, but I can't lie: their rejection feels like a punch to the gut.

Some of the people who interview me clearly don't know why I'm there. Two of the interviews have been with someone who chose my resume and also the person/s who would be my manager/s. In both cases, there was clearly a mismatched set of expectations about hiring qualifications between the two. One woman looked at my resume and literally wrinkled her nose and said '*Kitchen* manager?'. I tried to maintain professional behavior, but I knew it was over.

Financially, the writing is on the wall.

I can make this June's rent, but I am neglecting to pay utilities, medical bills from my episode, student loans (deffered), and health insurance. What's more, my pet has a medical issue. I was able to respond to the first emergency, but it requires follow-up that I can't pay for. I'm also low on food.

\*I guess... what now?