I'm being laid off around August but a friend has given me the chance at a great job that is in line with what I do now. The only problem is that I feel under qualified for one important aspect of the job. Should I be fully transparent when I send my email/resume?
I want to keep this as short and to the point as I can but I also want to give as much information about my situation as I can so I apologize in advance if this post is long. I will put a TL;DR at the end just in case!

So, for the past 7 years I've been doing Data Entry and Medical Coding (ICD-10/CPT/etc) for a group of doctors. My mom is the head Medical Biller/boss with her own company so she offered me the job when I was fresh out of high school. I took the job for a lot of reasons (I could have money for college, I could help my mom out, no interview process, I could build up job experience, etc).

Cut to March of this year. Turns out the doctors are being forced to outsource their billing due to new changes/policies/laws so our entire office is being laid off. Two of my three coworkers had their last day on April 30th so it's just me, my mom and one other coworker left. My last coworker is probably leaving in July and I'm essentially expected to stay till August or September to help my mom tie up loose ends until the transition to the outsourcing company is complete. It's been a stressful process because it's forcing a lot of changes into everyone's lives (EX: my mom has been here for 24 years and she's being forced to close down her business in general as a result of this)

I vented to some of my friends about being laid off and one friend came back to me a few weeks later saying that a Medical Billing position just opened up at her workplace and they are desperate to find someone. I told her I can't start at a new place until August at the earliest. Yesterday she told me that she told her boss that I wouldn't be able to start for another few months but her boss is so desperate that she said that that is fine. My friend was also saying that all the people who have applied recently have had 0 experience so they really want me to send in my resume. Her boss essentially wants me to email my resume directly to her so it doesn't get lost in the stream of resumes on their job application site. This is all fine and dandy but I told my friend that I only know basic Medical Billing (from when my mom would ask me to help her with her workload) and that my main job was data entry and coding. She reassured me that they need someone to do coding in general for the job and that I could probably ask other billers who work for their company (in different offices) for help if I'm stuck.

She sent me the link to the actual job posting and the benefits, location, hours and the "minimum requirements" all seem to be in line with what I want/have/need. I'm just really hung up on the Medical Billing aspect of the job. I don't want to present myself as someone who knows what I'm doing in that area when I don't because I know it would just lead to a lot of problems and anxiety in the end. But at the same time, I also don't want to potentially lose out on a great opportunity just because I'm a "little" under qualified for the job (by their standards). I don't want to shoot myself in the foot before I even start by saying too much early on.

Should I just be fully transparent and give 100% full disclosure in my email to the boss? I'm not sure if there is an interview process after this but, if there is, should I wait till then to let the boss know?

**TL;DR:** I'm getting laid off around August/September from my job of 7 years. One of my friends is offering me a great job opportunity and her boss seems to really want me to apply but I'm worried that I'm under qualified for one important aspect of the job. Wondering if/when I should be open to the boss about that