What is the fastest way to kickstart my life as a 31 yo who wasted his life so far but wants to do whatever means necessary?
I would like to hear solid advice (by that I mean an opinion out of your expertise and experience and not just citing what google brings up on good paying entry level jobs since I already read that stuff) 

I am 31 and wasted my life due to various issues (clean record no drugs or anything but its a very long story to explain so lets leave it at that. ).

I have a non existing CV nothing solid. 

I know computer stuff (some programming, some pc architecture, some networking, some soldering and pcb diagnostics etc) but nothing on paper (either in form of certificates or provable employment ).

I have studied for a year (out of a 4 year graduate program) as a merchant marine engineer and worked for 6 months in a cargo ship as a cadet engineer. 

I have some (non provable) experience in door to door sales and phone support. 

I can speak 3 languages (English, German, Greek and a little bit French).

I am able to type ~150 words per second. 

I am a MENSA member (I know cheesy but at this point I think it might hold some significance in terms of indicating that there is a chance that I could learn something faster than average). 

I have worked as a waiter in a  fancy restaurant of a 5 star hotel.

I have some mathematics and physics skills as a drop off of an applied mathematics university.

I consider myself good in marketing and sales and have some sense of logistics in general. 

I am not afraid to work hard for long hours and do whatever (legal ).

I am from Greece and I am looking for employment anywhere within europe or north America.

My target is to work hard for 2-4 years and make some substantial savings that would allow me to stop working or work part time while pursuing my degree (and be able to pay for all the fees involved).

What do you think would be the fastest **realistic** way for me to do that?

And to prevent trolling no I am not sitting on my ass waiting for the internet to give me a solution but in the desperate position I am now a second opinion might aid to clarify my perspective.

Right now I am looking into getting a job in an offshore oil rig but I get mixed information for example I found that in many cases one can get as low as 1500 pounds a month.... which is not bad but considering you will cut off from society, eating canned food and that it is physically challenging job 1500 begins to seem small. Do you think I could do better than that ?

I thank you in advance.