Worried I won’t be able to find a good enough paying job
I was permanently laid off from my job in mid March at a nightclub on the Las Vegas strip. The club was slated to close March 28 pandemic or not but Covid sped that up to March 15

Leading up to the shutdown, I had 2 jobs lined up. The hotel that housed my nightclub was going to absorb me as one of their employees. I received an email a month ago saying that job has been canceled and they won’t be bringing me on

The other, I was hired, passed background and drug tests with flying colors but orientation was canceled thanks to the shutdowns. After a week of phone calls and emails that got me nowhere I finally was able to visit their employment center (another strip hotel) and I was told I’m not “officially hired until orientation is completed” meanwhile, the manager who interviewed and hired me gave me a call during the shutdown and told me I’d still have a job once they reopened. But I haven’t gotten called yet. The guy at the employment center told me to wait 2 weeks as they’re still getting everything organized and deciding what new hires to bring on and who isn’t. 

Being as this job is as a food server at the pool, the job would have been seasonal anyways and I probably wouldn’t start until July which would only give me 3-4 months worth of work. So I’m doubtful they’ll bring me on

I’m getting more and more anxious as time goes on. I’ve had 2 interviews at 2 off strip bars but nothing looks promising as of yet. 

Prior to moving to Las Vegas all my work experience was in retail, I never made more than $20k a year until I moved here. I made almost $60k in 2019....If I were to take one of those jobs it wouldn’t earn me enough to keep up on a $500 car payment and $1000 a month rent plus everything else, even if I worked 40 hours a week

I’m afraid that I may be forced to take one of those retail jobs once unemployment runs out and eventually fall behind on my finances and lose everything. It keeps me up at night 

If there’s anyone else in my situation how are you dealing with it?