I’ve lived 5-6 years longer than I ever thought I would, here’s my messed up story
I made this post because it breaks my heart reading so many people who want to die, so here’s my story and how I am now. I also posted this to suicidewatch but for some reason it was taken down by the mods, but that isn’t gonna stop me from sharing it. 

I began self harming at 13 and I would cut myself every damn day for years. When I was 14 I got so fed up with the world and who I was that I started taking pills for relief. One day I swallowed as many as I physically could (think it was 100mg each) and closed my eyes to rest. Woke up throwing up and feeling so disgustingly sick and this sick lasted for weeks. I couldn’t eat proper food and I couldn’t hold too many liquids either. My liver was so fucked up for long. I couldn’t even take one pill anymore without so much physical pain. 

I remember the day I tried to end it by cutting open my arms. It was a cool fall day, probably mid September or October. Nothing bad happened that day, I just was so fucking sick of it all. I grabbed the razor I usually cut myself with and just went as hard as I physically could down and all over my wrists. Holy shit the blood was terrifying. As soon as I saw the blood I immediately covered both of my arms up and did my best to stop the bleeding. The cuts actually weren’t that deep and I didn’t hit any veins so I was sure I’d be okay and just move on with my life. The scars were pink and very visible for years, and by that I mean everyone could look at them and see what I did till around my 18th birthday. In March of 2018 they were basically white and no longer really puffy so I decided that I would cover the one on my left wrist with a tattoo. That healed me emotionally so god dam much. 

I have a rose on my left wrist and the stem covers the scar so well that you can’t even see it anymore. It just looks normal. After I got the tattoo I realized how free I felt; my past really was gone for good and I could move on. This year (literally on my 19th birthday) I got another one but it covers the deep purple scars I had on my upper arm. It’s a floral band wrapping around my upper arm completely and oh fuck did it hurt to get done. But I shit you not, I almost cried after getting it because I felt... it’s indescribable. As for my body after the pill addiction and pill OD.. that’s a different story.

I have IBS now because I permanently fucked up my intestines that badly. Nobody in my family knows this is why I probably have it but that’s what a private meeting with my doctor concluded. My liver is healed and I can actually take 2 250mg pills for a headache, but that’s all I can handle without pain. 

I have a great job, amazing support system, amazing boyfriend, and even though life can be tough, I always remember I’m tougher. I survived two serious attempts and here I am at 19 having the time of my life. Five years ago I didn’t even think recovery was possible and now I haven’t cut myself in probably 9 months (it fuckin sucks kicking that habit), I graduated high school (NEVER planned on that), I have a great job that pays $17 an hour (and that’s just the minimum for my trade, I’m gonna keep going up) and life is just so great in general. Recovery is possible and it’ll take years, I’m still getting better and trying to move on from it all, but it is worth it.

For those who read the entire thing,yay! Thank you so much. I’ll be making a post soon about how I got through all of this I promise!