Long term girlfriend and I are having serious problems at the same time someone I'm interested in has become available
I am very confused right now and I just feel like I need to get it all out. I made a post a few days ago that my girlfriend was unsure if we should be together anymore, now another big complication has arisen.

My girlfriend and I have been together for several years, and through that time we have seen our ups and downs. We live together and have been building a life together and we have very similar interests and we both care about each other. We get along fine most of the time, but that "spark" has diminished a great deal. She doesnt feel like I am passionate about her and I dont fulfill her romantic needs, while I dont feel satisfied sexually and havent for some time. We have talked about marriage several times, but always in a "someday" context. 

A few months ago, I became very close with a female coworker of mine at another job. Over the course of a few months we became very good friends and texted each other constantly, mostly about mundane things but overall we had a great time together and enjoyed each other's company. Nothing explicitly inappropriate happened, but it made my girlfriend uncomfortable that we got so close. There was definitely some mutual attraction between the two of us, but she was in a long term relationship as well and there was never any chance of anything happening. I feel guilty even typing this, that there were times when I wished things had turned out differently - if we had met under different circumstances maybe we could have given it a shot. But I never pursued it, and I never made any steps to cheat, at least not in a physical way.

I came to realize after a certain point that part of why I connected with her so much was I liked how she made me feel - she thought I was smart and funny and made me feel confident in ways that I hadnt felt with my girlfriend in months, maybe even years. I had this emotional relationship with her that I was using to supplement how lacking my own one felt was at home. I realized this after a blowout with my girlfriend, and decided to try and cut ties and salvage my relationship. That happened about a month and a half ago.

Recently, my girlfriend went to a wedding and seeing the other couples there made her start to seriously question if we were right together. She is afraid that we are together now out of comfort and habit more than anything. We got together in college and we have both changed so much since then, she feels like maybe we just grew apart. She is worried that we are going to end up being just good friends who live together, rather than two people in love. I still love her and care about her deeply, but I have had the same fears at times. Sometimes I feel like she just isnt happy with the person I am naturally and wants me to change to fit her needs. I've been trying to reassure her and show her that we can make it work, that the things we have gone through are natural and happen in all relationships and that we can fix things if we work really hard. But honestly, I dont know if thats true because I haven't dated that many people and I dont have enough context to be sure.

I just found out that the other girl, who I felt so connected to, recently broke up with her long term boyfriend as well. I feel like this just adds another huge layer of complication to what I was already going through. If I broke up with my girlfriend now it would be a huge, painful, complicated mess, but I would be free to pursue this other person who I feel strong chemistry and attraction towards. Sometimes I feel like my current girlfriend likes me for who I was and who she thinks I have the potential to be, whereas this girl likes the person who I am now. But maybe thats just because things are fresh and new and I had used them as an escape from my problems.

I'm not planning on breaking it off with my girlfriend anytime soon because we have invested so much time and effort into being together, but I cant help but wonder if we are just forcing it when we could be happier with other people.