Can I just give out an advice to all Americans who are planning to apply to college soon to give British schools (or overseas schools) a look. Especially if you are middle class.
I’m an American, went to a top American high school, watched all my friends get into top American colleges, and I decided to go to London to study at one of the best schools. 

I was also trapped in that middle class problem. Too rich to quality for financial aid, too poor to afford college. 

Well British schools are significantly cheaper. Tuition is around 25k usd a year. And then you can choose where to live. No on site residence requirements. Also most degrees are three years long. And did I mention drinking age there is 18? And you get to experience another culture. 

Look into Oxbridge, UCL, KCL, LSE, and other top colleges. I guarantee you will love it as I have!!

My college counselors at my American school didn’t even tell me about British colleges, so I wish I had applied to more British schools in hindsight, but I’m so glad I came here. I just wanted to share that UK might be an option for you!!

EDIT: a lot of people here are saying that I’m being misleading by saying that tuition is cheaper. I only say that it is cheaper than the US if you don’t qualify for financial aid in the us and you want to go to a private school AND you want to still go to a prestigious school. For example, if you were to choose between Harvard full price vs Oxbridge full price (they are same level), Oxbridge will be much cheaper. For me, I chose between paying 65k USD a year for four years for mediocre American colleges vs. choosing to pay 40k USD a year for a top global university that carries a name.

Also can I just say that unfortunately there aren’t that many scholarship options for American students and I really recommend familiarizing yourself with the system as unfortunately, American college counselors have almost no clue as to how to navigate the UK system.  

Also for everyone telling me I’m giving out a bad advice because I say it is cheaper, well first of all, I’m not giving a bad advice. And all I’m saying is to take a look into it, familiarize yourselves, and perhaps something will change your mind. E.g. some British schools have now opened up common app so you don’t even have to apply UCAS. Also if you want to do medicine or law, you can apply straight into these degrees even though it may be hard to practice them in the USA once you get there degrees. Still something to THINK about. Please don’t roast me thx

EDIT again: https://www.studyacrossthepond.com/ is a helpful organization from what I have heard. I did not use them, but I have heard things.

EDIT again again: Clearly, I've rubbed some people the wrong way here. Sorry but I can't change the title and I am sorry if my understanding of middle class is different from yours. And sorry if the finance bit is triggering. Of course it depends on everyone's individual circumstances. For me, I did not do a STEM subject. My fee per year was 18,000 GBP when I started, which is a bit less than 25,000 USD today. I also managed to keep my yearly cost to 10,000 GBP, so all in all, I paid 40,000 USD for THREE years for tuition, room, and board. Considering how some schools are 60-70,000 USD for FOUR years, this was a very good option for me. And as other redditors have suggested here, if the UK is too expensive, check out other schools in Canada, Netherlands, etc!