Sometimes the most intimate moments are simply not captured.
Hey guys, I know we live in a world that pays a lot of attention to social media. And I myself have fallen into the horrible spiral of comparing my relationship to some of the ones I see on social media. Seeing boyfriends post their girlfriends and publicly gush about them always made me feel warm and fuzzy inside, but I’ve come to realize and fully accept that 1. not everything on social media is real 2. some of those couples mostly just post for the hype, and have problems we never see as “outsiders” 3. Some men/women express their love in different ways

Of course, these are things we’ve all heard before. Everyone will tell you “social media doesn’t matter” but sometimes we can’t help our feelings. When I was stuck with this fixation about wanting to be posted on social media, I stopped realizing the true intimacy that was in my relationship that could never compare. 

For example, my boyfriend was going to take a shower. He starts the shower but then comes back to the room and says “How about you wash my hair for me?” I don’t know if you guys have ever washed your partner - but it is probably the most intimate and purest thing, definitely top 5 on my list. I happily agreed, and as he sits down so I can lather his head because he’s so tall, I just think how happy and close with him I feel at that moment. And the thought that came to my mind was “You see, this is something you’ll never be able to see on social media.” 

Then, before I left the shower (I had already showered and he just needed basically a scalp treatment because his dandruff was bothering him) I brought him one of my wash cloths and told him to use it on his pits lol. When he gets back in the room, the first thing he does is run up to me and tells me to smell his armpits! Once again, I laugh and think to myself “Man, we have gotten way too comfortable with each other and I love it.” Another moment that would never be posted on social media. 

Another example, anytime he brings me a glass of water, he always grabs a cup that has kittens on it. Because I am obsessed with cats. I started noticing that he ALWAYS grabbed that cup, and he would go out of his way to wash it if it was dirty. There’s nothing really interesting about posting a photo of a cup - so that’s another sweet thing that doesn’t get posted. 

The point of sharing my story is that I’ve been there. I have some self esteem issues, coupled with anxiety. Sometimes it gets to me. And for a while, I lived with some sort of resentment towards my relationship because it didn’t look like the ones I saw online. But I am so glad I was able to realize the few points I mentioned at the beginning of my post. The minute I stopped comparing and accepting that my partner just simply isn’t one of those people who posts on socials, I started realizing and loving my relationship more genuinely. I know I am setting myself up for snarky comments, but I know a lot of people deal with this insecurity. I am here to tell you that your feelings are valid, but once you readjustment your mindset, you may start to see things more clearly.