Feeling.. weird
It's my C/P from the http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1idrzr/whats_your_current_reason_for_being_unhappy/ thred where i got no answers yeah, anyway..

Oh, this is gona sound so pathetic and stupid, but i just have to share it, maybe i feel better....

The story is, i live in a small town in Bosnia, and here i didn't have much friends, i was born in Germany and moved here when i was little. I didn't know the language and i was always the freak in school. In Highschool things didn't changed much. Until i met her. She, a girl who i met in High school, she was one year older then me i started talking to her and we became good friends. She was kinda the onlyone who understood me. And so life passed.. She went to college, and I went to college in 2 different cities. She had a really bad period in Depressed because of private reasons, and was there for her I tried my best to help her.

The problem was i never really was beside her, i was talking over the phone with her and encouraged her to get on, to strive forward, and she eventually became happy again.

The problem is in the whole process i fell in love with her. I even told her and she replied that she doesn't want to change our relationship how it is, bcs she is like the kind of girl "you can have my body but never my soul" she is with a guy like 1-2 weeks uses him and breaks up with him.

She didn't wanted for me to be like one of those guys. now in the last couple of months we became distant.. She found some Boyfriend.

When I found out about it I felt devastated. I don't know why i just feel pain in my chest, like never before and i want to cry. I had other girlfriends too, i broke up with them they broke up with me and I didn't care that much honestly, but this is driving me crazy, im just sitting in my room trying to study and can't get a hold of myself. I feel really pathetic for having these feelings because of someone else, i sweared to myself that i Don't give a damn about other people who don't care about me..