I didn't kill myself thanks to this subreddit. <3 you guys
9 days ago on Saturday, I decided to kill myself. Wanting to kill myself finally overpowered the knowledge of how much pain I would cause to my family and friends. I just woke up that morning and realised I could not take another fucking day. I was going to wait till my parents were asleep, than I was going to swallow an entire bottle of sleeping pills washed down with half a bottle of whisky. Funny thing was the knowledge that I was finally going to do it made it the best day in a while. 

I didn't do anything special. Same old shit. I even finished off a school assignment for some reason. I don't know why. Played Xbox. Went to gym. Went for a run. Talked to a few people on skype. Walked my dog. Had dinner. Dinner was weird, thinking it was my last meal. Said goodbye to my dog, told her I hoped other people would walk her when I was gone. Said goodnight to my parents for what I thought would be the last time. Hugged my grandma goodnight. Went to my room and locked the door. Decided to smoke some weed one last time. By then it was about 10:30 and I knew my parents were going to sleep at about 11:30 so I had some time to kill. Said I’ll give myself an hour to find a reason to not kill myself. Went to this subreddit. Read through all the top submissions and realised I had never tried to fight this. I had only accepted it as inevitable just a question of when. It helped that I was high as fuck but my inner monologue told me I was weak for choosing the easy way out and not giving fighting my depression a serious effort. Took 3 sleeping pills (my usual dose) and passed out. 

The next day was shit. Still as depressed as ever, still wanted to kill myself. But I legitimately tried to get better. And by the end of the day I had smiled without faking it for the first time in months. I felt happy for a little bit. And I realised that I would go months of being depressed in the hope of feeling like that again. It was just a simple thing, my dog licking me on the nose while I was listening to some music. In the days that followed things haven't improve much but I haven’t legitimately considered suicide since.  I’m determined to beat this one way or another. I’m debating not smoking weed for a few months and see if that helps or not. But whatever happens, you guys saved me from killing myself that night.


Much love.