I just wanted to talk to my Reddit. (Cross post from rbi)
My best friend, my heart, my husband was diagnosed yesterday with melanoma in his eye. It's a pretty substantial sized tumor. He went to the doctor for an eye exam last Friday because his felt he needed prescription glasses instead of the readers he was using and instead of a prescription for glasses he was told he had a mass in his eye and was given an appointment to see a retina speciality doctor on Monday. We both went to that appointment and were told the bad news. The doctor there called Wills Eye Hospital in Philadelphia and made an appointment for the 20th. The options are radiation of the tumor if it is not too big or removal of his eye. 

So here we are in the midst of piles of paperwork, many phone calls, and way too many tears. 

He and I met 20 years ago on an old school social media site called Imagination Network. We played cards on that place together and chatted for months before we met and I fell in love with him immediately. He is, without exaggeration, the sweetest man I have ever known and I have always felt I did not deserve such a great guy. 

I just want you to keep him in your thoughts. He has been by my side for years as I have gone through chemo treatments and a million doctor appointments for my own cancer. I have non Hodgkin lymphoma in my bone marrow. I wish with every fiber of my being that this cancer he has could be my cancer to deal with. 

We live in SC and are not what you would call worldly. I've only been on a plane twice in my life. We have contacted a group that gives free plane rides to cancer patients if there is a corporate plane traveling with open seats on that day to that destination, but the odds of that aren't in our favor but who knows, we may get lucky. Either way we have air fare but isn't it heartwarming to know there is such a program? 

I know I have rambled and putting this in Reddit opens me up to possible cruelty but I've seen too many sweet people here let the bad people stop me from posting. 

You don't know us, but please, send good thoughts our way. Know that I am overwhelmed with paperwork, phone calls, appointments, work, and general planning to be on here too much but I will check in when I can. 

Much love to you, and tell that person, you know who, that you love them. 

Checking in: just finished with hubby having a complete physical at the family doctor. Three hours worth of complete. Blood work, of course, not back but initial physical came out great. Final able to get something to eat and it was a huge breakfast. Uggg we are both full. Time to go home and deal with some insurance calls, paperwork, and another call to the hotel. I know I will sound horribly ignorant but I don't know how to make reservations correctly which makes me worry even further about doing things as simple as getting a cab once we are in Philadelphia. I want my hubby as comfy as possible as I remember a post about possible upgrades at a hotel.... maybe someone might give me a little guidance on that one?