Burnout at a new job
Hi all,

I've worked in SA for 5 1/2 years now.  I recently finished a masters in higher ed.  Immediately after finishing, I got a new job doing similar work to what I have done previously.

Been here almost 6 months and I find that this job is greatly affecting my mental health.  I  like my coworkers but I am not using any of my previous experience or knowledge, and I am not doing the things I actually like doing.  It feels like a waste of my time, and of my employer's time.  I accepted the job because I was desperate to have a job upon receiving my degree but also thought I might be alright at it, as I had dabbled a bit in this aspect of my field.

It is hard to explain without getting too detailed but I do not believe in the work I am doing, nor do I think it is helping students.  I also have very little student interaction compared to previous jobs, and that is what truly drives me in this field.  My supervisor is also almost nonexistent, and I received little to no training for the job.  My office is very concerned with prestige and numbers, and I find the lack of 'intentionality' in our programming, as well as the lack of accessibility to students, very frustrating.  I also don't feel like I have much of a voice at my office.

I am struggling to stay afloat.  I feel crushed by anxiety, stress, and dread.  I honestly feel like I rushed into this job and need some time to decompress and put more effort into the job search during its peak (spring) when more opportunities are available.  I want to take a few months to take care of myself and be the best SA worker I can be, which I do not think I am capable of now.

Would my career in SA be destroyed if I left this job now?  Would this be a true 'burning of the bridge' and screw me over?  I want to remain in this field and also in this geographic location but man, I feel that it benefits no one (myself or my employer) for me to stay in this position.

I think I screwed up.  I am afraid of the consequences.