26yo Male Just want someone to listen
I’m sorry I just need to tell someone my story and what I’m going through. Right now I feel like I just can’t keep up the act. Every day I wake up and dread all the things I have to get done, and think of the people I’m going to have to talk to. All I can think about is how there doesn’t seem to be any path or course of actions I can take that will lead to any type of long term happiness. All day I fake smiles and tell jokes, but really I’m just counting down the hours until it’s over. About 5 years ago I tried hanging myself, but somehow my brother knew and found me and cut me down. I then spent a month in a psych ward and got a therapist etc. We tried a bunch of different medications over the next year but honestly most of them made me feel worse and none really had any noticeably positive effect. I tried CBT and all that but I just couldn’t buy in. While dealing with all of this no one ever knew, except my family and a few very close friends after I tried to kill myself. After I got out of the hospital I had to live on a friends couch for a while because my parents said “we think you’ll do better if you live on your own” but really they just didnt want to deal with me anymore. I got a job at minimum wage and worked my way up to manager and got my own place within 6 months, and things were ok for a while. I then ended becoming partners with the owner and opened my own store, and things were ok for a while, but I couldn’t be sober at night, I’d have to smoke or drink or my head would go right back to where I was. But over the past few months everything is turning grey again. I have to force myself to shower and to brush my teeth and most days I just can’t. I can get so much done at work, but I can’t even do basic things to take care of myself. I feel trapped. I want to end it so badly but now there’s employees who count on their paychecks and are barely making it as is. I’ve starting cutting and burning myself again which helps numb the pain a little but I just don’t know if I can go through this again tomorrow. Thanks for listening to my boring story, hope you’re all doing well