Just need to talk to anyone
So I have been a part of this subreddit for idk how long, but never posted anything because I felt like my problems are not important. But now I want to post something. I actually have typed this post out several times this week but always ended up deleting it. I don’t want to be a burden to anyone. I’m gonna start with what happened today. This story has nothing bad happening but it caused me mental pain. I’m typing this out because the four hours I spent with my fiancé has been the longest I have felt happy this week and I just need to talk to anyone right now. 

Me and my fiancé went to the gym this morning. He had to pick me up due to we both still with our parents and haven’t told anyone about our engagement( we want to surprise them and are waiting to by financial set). We went to the gym worked out for an hour or two then we went out to do some errands. I was bringing my resume to places applied to and my fiancé was my ride. After that he got on the freeway and we were just driving and making jokes. I was telling him a funny story about a quest I did in a game I’m playing. Then I got a phone call from my mom. She wanted to know where I was and when I’m going to be back. Now I know this is seems like a red flag but she only asked because she had to get a new work uniform and my other siblings were going with her and no will be home. That doesn’t seem bad but my mom’s stepdad lives with us and he is unable to much he can walk and stuff but has a hard time remembering things. So someone has to be home with him.  

I said ok and we started to head back. This when I noticed that my fiancé was upset. I asked what’s wrong, it turns out that he had a surprise for me. He was taking to a sushi place that he promised to take a while back. He also had plans for the whole day for us but wanted to surprise me with it. I started feeling like I ruined the whole day. His plans and the way he described it made it sound like today was gonna be the most perfect date/day. On the way back I was just upset and angry with myself and my siblings. I was upset with my siblings because they are all young adult, hell two of them are adults,(21 and 19) but one of couldn’t stay home for a couple of minute until the rest of my family got home. 

While we got to my house he didn’t even park, he just stop in first we said goodbye and I went inside. I say that because he always parks in the driveway, gets out, and walks me to my front door. He did try calm me down before hand but I was just so angry. My parents were still home and asked me what’s wrong and why was I upset. I told them but my mom made feel worse. She made me feel like I should have told her and that it was my fault for not knowing about his surprise for me. My dad tried to tell her that she was wrong and that how was I supposed to know about my fiancé’s surprise. 

I was texting and later was in call with my fiancé while that was happening and he was still upset but was telling me that it was not fault. That what happened was unfortunate and upsetting but it wasn’t my fault. Every-time I tried to blame myself he would tell me to stop. That yes he was upset and he was sorry for upsetting me. It ended with me and him in a phone trying to make the other person feel better but it didn’t work. Now he has gone to bed and I’m still awake still upset my eyes burn a little due to crying. 

I just want to talk, just to clear my mind of bad thoughts. I can’t call him because he has work in the morning and I want him to rest. I feel like I need help, I’m a mess. I feel like crap my mental state is fucked due feel like my happiness was ripped from me. I just want to start the with a smile and end the day with a smile.