I ate like a food stamps person for a WHOLE DAY!!!!
(If that title made you want to strangle a rich people...then you know exactly where I’m coming from)

You know all those videos where they’re like “I ATE LIKE A POOR PERSON FOR A WEEK: HERE’S WHAT HAPPENED!!!” Those people have no idea. $5 a day? Try $2-3 a day. With a $20 grocery budget (and that’s being generous!) I can manage sandwiches, pasta, canned vegetables, and lots of ramen! But any time I try to get cute and make a real healthy meal (I make a mean stir fry!) that just means I get that one and ramen for the rest of the week.

Keto? Heck no. Carbs are literally the cheapest food item on the market. Of course I’m going to stock my pantry with ramen. Of course I’m going to make Mac and cheese a staple meal. The same goes for most other diets.

So am I trying to be healthier? Yes. Am I going to lose weight? Probably not. I can exercise til my legs fall off but at the end of the day it’s still spaghetti for dinner and cereal the next morning (Cheerios. Store brand.)

If you’re one of those people living on the edge of your paycheck trying desperately to scrape enough out for groceries, I get you. You aren’t alone. We’ll carb load together. I’m gonna go eat a bowl of ramen. And I’m gonna use the seasoning! Judge me, I dare you.

And by the way. Because I average a whole $700 a month income (which is almost EXACTLY enough to cover my major bills) I only get $15 a month in food stamps. So yeah...

Update!!!
Wow um....hello guys. I really didn’t expect this level of response...from being called a fucking idiot (might be!) to the very informative helpful ones about how to live on my budget (Thank you!). Also just because I mentioned carbs are the cheapest doesn’t mean I’m not eating meat (thank you to that message who told me to eat som fucking protein!)

So some clarity:

My income before taxes is $800. That means after taxes (sometimes different because of hours.) I make between $650 and $700 a month. I’m pretty sure our food stamps program is one of the worst (at least I feel like it is.). The most you can get as an individual is just under $200 a month. If you make as much as I do (which is coincidentally the max a person would get on SSI disability) then you either qualify for very little or no food stamps. 

I live in SC in a very small middle of nowhere town. There is ONE food pantry run by many churches and they’re weirdly strict about who gets food. You do have to qualify for food stamps to get food from them (Don’t get me started on how stupid that is.) and you have to go on a certain day and time. There are a few other food pantries out of town (30-40 mins away.) and I have gone to them a few times but tend to work during their food five away hours.

As for why I would settle for my income, I am entry level in the field that I want a career in. I am the very bottom level and am working to take the classes and get the certifications I need to climb the ladder (as it were.) I do still perform on the side as a children’s story teller and that gets me some extra cash around the holidays.

Rent in my area (1 hour radius) is anywhere from $800-$2000 a month. I am fortunate enough to live in a low income apartment that is subsidized by the government. This allows me to live on my own in a small apartment community while I work and try to get the education I need.

I believe I saw one comment about it being Easy, healthy, and cheap. Pick two. I confess I often pick cheap and easy. It’s not an uncommon choice for sure but I’m in total agreement that in order to make it cheap and healthy there’s a ton of time and means involved (both of which are slim at the moment!). I am working on getting to that level. Which is why I appreciate the links to some of the blogs and YouTube channels people have posted.

ALSO I think it’s worth saying that I in no way think that I’m doing everything I can to lose weight. I recognize that I should work harder at it, burn more calories, etc. I do not see myself as some pitiful helpless human. I know there’s more work to do and with my current situation, I am doing my best to make it work.

All in all this was really just meant to be a rant about how much I can’t stand the videos that portray someone trying to live on my budget. I wish to God I could make a video that was like, I ATE LIKE A SIX FIGURE EARNER FOR A WEEK! HERES WHAT HAPPENED!  XD

Thanks for all the supportive comments, discussions and the silver!