So, my mom died.
I have been stalking reddit for about 4 months now, and I cannot express how much it has meant to me in that time. I've never posted, but the presence of this community has been SO important to me recently! As I said, I've been lurking around for 4 months... but 3 months ago my mom died.

It was really, really sudden and unexpected. She was 64 and in pretty good health. We spoke every day - about EVERYthing, just shooting the shit for ages, but also about things that were important to her and to me. Then one day, I went to my night class (I'm getting my MA) and was annoyed to get a phone call from her and answered in a pissy way. It was her friend calling from her home phone saying she was in the hospital. I felt sick with dread, but then talked to her several times, and long story short, no big deal - she had gallstones and they'd take them out in the morning.

 Again, looooong story short, she ended up dying in the very early morning from a heart attack, which is exactly what she thought was the problem when she went to the hospital in the first place. 

 That was May 8. Today is August 8. It's been 3 months. I feel absolutely horrible, and my life is TOTALLY in a completely effed up state - I have been to court 3x, have evicted a guy, am dealing with greedy family (I'm an only child - these are cousins), am renovating a house, have moved apartments in my city, have taken an intensive class for my MA, and have been the executor of her estate after a long battle to even get here. 

If you've read this wall of text, thank you. But honestly, what's bothering me is that it's 3 months to the day later, and she was my best best and most close friend, and she listened to everything I ever had to say, and yet, while I feel like I miss her, I don't feel like I've mourned her at all, and I don't see myself ever being able to.

 I feel like I'm doing her a disservice by not crying about her death much much more (I have cried, but not as much as, say, my breakup from my live-in boyfriend of 3 years, which makes me think WHAT THE FUCK is wrong with my priorities?!). I KNOW she loved me more than anything, and I hope she knew that I felt the same way about her, but I am bothered by the fact that maybe no one else would know that by looking at me. 

Thank you for reading, I love this place.