I really like this girl but she already said she don’t like me but her actions during the day says different and I don’t know what to do
I’m starting off high school and I meet this one girl who was friends with my other friend. I’ve been talking to the girl who I have a crush on for almost a month straight like none stop and just having fun and playing around even during the school day. I was the only person she really let into her life fast and so deep. So one night me and her was on FaceTime talking and I told her I like her and she already knew bc of how obvious I was. She told me some things like “I don’t wanna date you because I just don’t wanna be known as just one of your highschool girlfriends and I don’t want a friendship that could last years to end in months” I honestly completely understood that but she knows that I’m not that type of guy and I would wanna keep a relationship for ever and soon maybe marry (aka even tho it’s a young age I’m dating someone to marry down the road)  and sorta backed away from showing any affection but then I sometime still do. Me and her still talking and fooling around but then I found out her mom wants me over for dinner, I never talked to her mom or anything so she must have been talking to her mom about me right? And then there’s the goofiness with the times me and her hang out. When we hang out we act like total crack heads and can’t stop smiling and laughing and just how she would lay on my shoulder and just seem so comfortable there or when I lay on her shoulder she boops my nose. And then when she hugs me she squeeze me so tight and just hugs me for a little while when god those times feels amazing. Or how when I’m able to get the crackhead out of her 24/7 and one night me and her was texting and she says “I love you, I actually love you....” and like she don’t think I saw that but I did. And then it’s the times where she Lowkey sorta disregards everything else to talk to me it seems. But also there’s the one side where it tells me that she doesn’t like me. When after a week of telling her I like her she was like “ugh you still like me stop already” and she would say those sometimes. She can be known as a hard ass but she has her reasons. Just she makes me feel something else and I don’t know if u should try to make some moves and ask her out or just keep it on the down low? What should I do?