Tried to meet up with a girl, she brings her friends
So one day I (cold)* approached this hot-looking girl and managed to score a meet up with her in a couple of days time for both of us to get to know each other more. She seemed really interested and was setting times and just seemed keen on meeting up with me.

When the day we would meet up arrived, she told me just a couple of minutes before that she would be bringing her friends (she said 5)*. At first, I said "ok sure" but deep down I was pretty nervous because the whole thing was unexpected.

When the time came, she brought like a whole crowd (and I mean like 15 or so [in total]*) of friends and I have never felt this uncomfortable in my life. I knew that all of them knew that I was trying to date their friend, and I just wasn't mentally prepared to handle that [the girls were giggling when I tried to talk to the girl I was originally interested in].

Just when I thought I'd handled them well, she brought in another group... and another group... [4 groups of 5, 3, 4 and 3 in them, and yes, SHE BROUGHT 3 DUDES too]* it was like they took turns and waited outside so that they could specifically come in to talk to me [whenever a group would leave, the next group would come in like the wave system you'd see in a video game lmao]*. I ended up being thrust into conversations with new people that I just didn't want anything to do with for the night, life's been busy enough with all the work I have and I just didn't feel like having small talk with loads of strangers who I knew nothing about. 

[While I was trying not to seem too disinterested while talking to one of them about the stuff they did, out of the corner of my eye I noticed that girl just... observing me and smiling in a funny sort of may the whole time and actively tried not to get into the conversation even when I tried to pull her into it]*.

[Sooner or later]*, they all just ended up just hanging out with each other [outside, leaving me alone in the place]*, so I just left when I realized that I'd rather be spending my time finishing my work than entertaining this sh\*t.

[I was told later that was the place they hung out alot after work and the time I met her was exactly when they left it]*.

I felt like I was humiliated by her and the whole group who's probably laughing at me for not being chatty or charismatic or wimping out.

I know that some girls like to test how well their next potential partner will integrate with their friend groups, but I just felt like she forced me into a social situation that I didn't want to be in, and I now fear ever approaching any other girl ever in my life. They will ruin your day.

I hate my life rn

&#x200B;

EDIT#1: Looks like her friends know one of my colleagues from work and I really find it sickening that this story could possibly leak into my work life. I just wanted to meet a girl that was outside my social circle so that even if it didn't work out, things won't go any further than that.

EDIT#2: It wasn't a bar or anything like that  


EDIT#3: This is the first time I've ever posted something on this site and I am genuinely heart-warmed by all the support and reality-checks that you guys brought!

EDIT#4: Okay so I got some rest and wow I never expected this post to blow up. I didn't want to make it too specific because I don't want them to find out I posted this here. 

*I admit that some things were either unclear or exaggerated in anger yesterday and I have corrected them with added clarifications in the brackets.