I unknowingly struggled with dyslexia while in college and graduated with a terrible GPA. What can I do to prove to graduate school that I deserve to be there?
 I went to a top ten public University in the US and graduate with a Chemistry degree (Bachelor's) (GPA = 2.2)

It took me six years to graduate with that degree (including one year that I was academically dismissed and later reinstated)

I struggled mightily the entire time.

My first two years, I keep failing and repeating classes just to get by.

My third year, I was academically dismissed from my university.

I returned the fourth year and decided that I am going to live and breath chemistry and nothing else.

I woke up, eat breakfast, and study chemistry. Then I go to classes and study chemistry between classes. (I eat lunch while studying.) After that, I eat dinner and go to bed. Rinse and repeat.

When I said "study", I mean 80% reading (textbook, online papers from the professors, etc.) and 20% doing homework, lab report, etc.

Reading is just so time and energy consuming. I have to spend so much effort making sure that I am reading the right words that I often get "lost" in the text and forget what the text was saying.

I wasn't just my chemistry major classes that I was struggling with. I struggled with the general elective classes (literature, ethnic study, etc.)

My advisers sent me to skill classes (note taking classes, time management classes, etc) and they didn't help.

Finally, in my last term, I talked with my professor in a class I was struggling with.

I describe extensively how hard I try and how much time I spend studying. What he said changed my life.

He said that I probably have dyslexia and that his son has that.

I changed the way I study. I stopped retyping my notes after class, and instead, record lectures for later listening. Instead of reading texts, I use text to speech software to listen to text.

I initially thought that I would surely fail that class. I, instead, ended up with a B+.

In another class, I earned my first ever A+ in college.

Furthermore, with the change in the way I study, I feel that I didn't have to work as hard to earn a good grade. I was able to retain the material more easily and naturally.

It's a shame that I didn't figured this out earlier. (When I was using the more traditional methods taught in skill classes, I did poorly).

My undergraduate studies are over and I feel that my grades are not reflective of my abilities.

I want to show graduate schools that I deserved to be in their programs, but they will surely scoff at my GPA.

Obviously, I can't have a do-over, so what can I do?