I don't understand how people work 40+ hours a week for 45+ years of their lives
I (23f) am American. I don't know if it is just me, but I am horrified by the thought of working all day every day until I can finally afford to retire (if that ever happens). My current job isn't hard, but it sucks the life out of me. Every weekend is too short, and every work week is too long. I never feel like I am rested enough or that I have enough time to do the fun things I like to do. I don't feel like I have hobbies anymore, and I certainly don't have very many friends. I feel like I have to spend all of my "free time" keeping my apartment together or resting to try and prepare for the following week.

I don't know how people do this for the majority of their lives, and I especially don't know how people manage to do this while also raising children. I think of all the things I want out of life, including children, traveling, homeownership, and everything else that comes with that, and I don't see how it is possible for those things to happen working full time. I don't even make enough money to do those things, much less have the vacation time. I'm working on budgeting and building my savings, but the math never seems to work out in a way that feels comfortable. I promised myself I would see Europe before I hit 25 and I don't think that's a realistic goal anymore.

I get stuck in this spiral of "am I just lazy" and start to get worried that it is only me. Maybe, somehow, I am the only adult who cannot handle working full time and isn't happy about this being my life for the next 45 years. Sometimes I feel ungrateful. My life is fine - I have a roof over my head and food to eat. I am privileged in terms of the type I work I do. Sure, it is mind numbing and often anxiety-inducing, but it is a job that pays enough for me to stay alive. That's better than a lot of people can say. 

Can someone tell me it isn't just me? Or maybe give me a reality check that it is? I just don't know how I can keep this up for another 45 years. I'm so tired.

Edit: I've taken some time to go through all the comments (though I didn't expect so many) and have really appreciated a lot of the advice i've been given! It's great to feel not as alone in this discomfort, and I think I have some ideas and goals on how to improve my situation in this new year. Thank you all so much.