For those of you that struggle with Tinder and/or other dating apps, some things to keep in mind
I'll keep this to the point

1) There's a chance that cute person you swiped right on didn't even see your profile. I've been seeing a girl for the past couple of weeks, and though I met her in person, I actually found her Tinder profile and swiped right. She thought it'd be cute/funny to swipe and match with me, but it took her a few days of swiping before she even found me, and we don't even live in a big city. So before you fret, just think about how many people use these apps and how many profiles there are

2) The large majority of people on there aren't as great as they want you to think. To put it more harshly: a lot of people on dating apps are simply memes. There's a reason why so many of them seem identical to one another (how many girls have you seen that love wine, tacos, travel, etc?). When I was younger (in my early to mid 20s) I'd think "Damn, this girl is interesting and does a lot of cool shit", but then show up to the date and find out they're really not. A lot of these people buy their own hype and aren't any better than you are. It gets less frustrating when you realize that, as cute as someone might be, they're dime-a-dozen

3) Don't assume that dating is easier for good looking people - we still have to deal with the same problems anyone else does. I'm a handsome, fit guy with his life in order and a bright future. I get a decent amount of (good) matches given how shitty the options are around me. Do you know how many girls actually follow through on meeting up? Very few. To give you an example, last week I was supposed to have five dates. I only ended up going on one (one of them was canceled by me though, after I found out the girl was using old pics and looked different from her profile)

4) This one is for the guys, though I'm sure girls have experienced this too. If there's any piece of dating advice I repeat the most, it's this: a lot of the girls on dating apps have no intention of actually meeting up. They're just attention starved, and dating apps are an incredibly easy way to get that attention. Why do you think you see so many profiles with maybe a sentence or two at most and then their Instagram/Snapchat handles? They don't want you, or anyone else for that matter. They want your attention. And yeah, I know, "Well they'd go out with you if you had model looks and were rich". You're probably right, but: 1) That kind of dude isn't gonna settle for generic Tinder thot, and 2) why would you want to be with someone like that anyways?

5) Think of dating from an economic standpoint: what you get is what you're able to add to the (dating) economy. In other words, you will get the equivalent of what you're offering. And no, there's no such thing as "fair" - dating is amoral

6) The other piece of advice I repeat a lot: most of the people actually worth dating aren't on an app. Yes, there are exceptions, but by and large apps aren't the place to be to find anything more than a date or two or something casual

7) Get better at in-person interactions. I've noticed that A TON of people are smart, funny, witty, whatever they want to be behind their phone's screen, but face-to-face they're just average. For the longest time I felt like I had no clue what I was doing when it came to talking to girls on Tinder, and then I realized it's because talking over a screen when first meeting someone is awkward, especially when they don't give you much to work with. I also knew that I was much better where it counted: in-person. Don't be fooled by people who seem amazing over an app - it's easy to build a persona and sell a persona that isn't representative of reality

8) That person you were talking to that randomly ghosted you, even though it seemed like things were going well? You haven't lost anything. Truth is, they either a) don't actually know what they want, or b) just want attention. There's a reason why you see a lot of the same people consistently on dating apps over the years

9) A lot of people, guys and girls, have unrealistic expectations. Sure, that girl might pass on you because you're not six feet tall with a killer body and amazing career, but focus on what's really important here: none of those people are dating her, or are going to date her. Yes, it stings when you get passed up for shallow things like that, but realize that, at the end of the day, those people are still single, and will eventually have to settle. I got passed over a ton when I was younger; now when I see those girls and who they actually ended up with, I feel a lot better about myself

10) It's all a numbers game. All it takes is one