I got a job after being asked not to apply - how to handle pissy coworker? (XP on AITA)
My 3-streets-over neighbor Leah and I are in each other’s orbits bc we have to be. Both have kids the same age, on the PTA together, mutual friends, kids in the same sports league and school. Never dislike but never warm bonding either. 

Here’s the timeline of what all happened:

April: I was working for a smaller  company and it would have been great except the owner was a total psycho and kept firing people. I started applying for jobs; and emailed Leah with my resume, asked if she’d submit it for an open role at her company. I indicated it was no problem And no explanation needed if she said no. This company is kind of sought-after as an employer and has a decent referral bonus. 

Leah emailed me back. Sorry, she wasn’t comfortable working with somebody she knew. This co has 6000 employees in our city and she and I have very different job functions but whatever. 

ETA: I got fired a couple days later; the owner claimed my resume “was seen” on a job board. 

I shook Leah’s email off and applied anyway. In the last year we’d been granted custody of my late cousin’s 2 kids on top of our 3 biological ones. Not cheap. 

I heard a couple snotty comments from Leah about, “god it must be so embarrassing to be fired” and “job searching is so hard” during the time I was out of work. 

I interviewed, got the job and started in May. Turns out my former employer has himself a bad rep. Yay! It’s gone great for me. 

I didn’t reach out to Leah not wanting her to F anything up. I also kept quiet about getting a new job, where I was working, etc around everybody we mutually know. 

Today: I finally saw her in the company cafeteria. She acted all defensive and creeped out, asked me what was I doing there. I explained I’d started recently and she continued to look at me like one would look at a crazy person screaming on the subway about the apocalypse. 

She asked to see my badge, which I showed her, and then said, “great catching up, see you around!” and went back to my desk to eat. 

I got a couple IMs from her that she felt like I was devious to apply for the job knowing she wasn’t comfortable working with me. I pushed back that our jobs haven’t intersected in 6 months, and that in a company this large there must be other people she knows outside of work - there are at least 3 other parents from our kids school I’ve run into. She pushed back that I should’ve respected her wishes and that she felt I’d deceived people. I responded that I was done with the conversation. 

I did screenshot the convo and sent myself a PDF. I mentioned the incident to my boss, who just rolled her eyes and something like, “ugh, thanks for letting me know. You may have to interact with her department in Q1, so I hope it blows over.”

Any other advice on how to make that happen? I wasn’t an open book exactly but I don’t feel i did anything explicitly wrong.