Torn about leaving a job for another. Better pay vs networking opportunities
Three months ago I joined a company that I absolutely despise and draining for the amount they pay me vs the work I'm loaded with. I've been thinking of quitting, although only if I get a job offer so I can sustain myself. 

For a few months now I've been working on a project that I'm really passionate about. Passionate to the point where I work on it on nights and weekends, almost immediately after I get home from work. The project is going really well, I've been doing small tests to show validation and potential, and so far it's been a tremendous success, with those in the tests recruiting others to be in the test as well. 

Unfortunately due to the job work on the project is now almost stopped in its tracks. Due to the amount of work and how its drained me, I barely have the energy to work on it anymore. The weekend now composes of a day and a half of me resting and/or being depressed and unmotivated with half a day working in a slower capacity. 

Due to this I now get angry and frustrated with myself, even my partner has noticed the difference in me before joining vs after I got the job. 

So I've been applying for different jobs and I got an offer yesterday for a 3-6 month contract that pays almost double the current gig, which starts next Friday. (Plus it's something I think I'd enjoy)

You'd think it's easy, I quit and join the new job right? Well, the agency I work for has some very valuable people for networking and such, one such person I've been talking to about my project and they love it so much that they want to help me with pitching and networking. Yesterday I talked with a venture capital, who's *really well connected* that works for the firm as a de facto consultant and after having a long conversation about my project and such, she is eager to help me out in any way, perhaps even personally investing when the time is right (I told her I'm not interested in investment at the moment, the project doesn't even have a name yet). 

I'm worried if I quit then it'll burn the bridges I have with them. At the very least I want to build a solid relationship with them so that when I quit they don't hold it against me.

Now I'm torn on what to do, should I join the new gig and be able to build up savings for when I go full time on the project or should I stay to build my network and potentially connect with some very valuable people?

UPDATE:

Thank you everyone f​o​r you all's advice.

Some clarifications though, I work full-time at the agency and the project I'm working on has been on my own time, with the hopes of turning it into a startup. There's no way I'd even dare work on it while in the office,​ if you've ever watched Silicon Valley it's obvious why.

The contract itself is for 3 months (with a possibility for a 3 month extension but I'm not factoring that in any of this) and I have a barista job offer on standby so I can go into that job almost immediately to help significantly reduce my cost of living and live on the savings I'd get from the contract work for a much longer time.

My rationale is that I would get enough savings within the next three months with the contract job, (hopefully) working on the project on nights and weekends, after it finishes I take a part-time position with the cafe as a barista while I work in almost full blast until it's ready for pitching for investment and accelerators.

Funny enough, earlier in the weekend I was thinking of staying in the agency job to help build the relationships with the two people I've been talking about the project to until it's ready enough that I'd leave/they encourage me to go full-time on it. However, for the past three months since taking the full-time job at the agency, I am fully drained both emotionally and mentally by Friday and need at least one day or even the full weekend to recover. 

Today when I got depressed about having to go back to work on tomorrow, I realized that if I stay at the job and things stay the same, with development in a significantly slower pace than before, I talked with other entrepreneur friends and when they told me that networking will be much more impactful when the app is much further along and that there's plenty of networking opportunities out there, the decision was obvious.

So I signed the offer letter and sent it earlier today, which almost immediately lifted my spirits and I've been quite productive since emailing the letter.

I've emailed the upper management of the agency that I want to talk to them tomorrow about transition out of the company and I'm also going to talk to the two people at the company informing them of my decision, with the hopes that they understand and they'd either still want to help me now or later when things are more developed and networking would be more beneficial. 

Here's hoping I made the right decision...