My company is cutting salaries by 20%...but I can’t afford the pay cut. Is there a way to negotiate this diplomatically?
I am a sr. associate level employee working for a small-ish company. A few weeks ago, it was mentioned that executives and director-level employees may be forced to take a pay cut to keep the company afloat. However, today it was announced that all employees will see a 20% pay cut starting in a few weeks.

I am currently one of the lowest paid employees in the company and absolutely will not be able to afford the cost of living in my area if my salary is reduced by 20%. I met with my boss to ask whether the exec team could consider a lower percentage cut (like 10 or 15%) for employees making below a certain salary/seniority level. The company is small, so there are only a handful of associate level employees to whom this exception would apply. He was pretty negative towards the idea saying that it’s “tough for everyone right now” and that it’s “only fair” for everyone to make the same sacrifice.

But the thing is... we’re not really all making the same sacrifice. While I am grateful to have a job during this situation, a 20% cut for my boss and other senior level employees is probably a “sacrifice.” On the other hand, a 20% reduction for those of us at the bottom is a make or break difference. Honestly, when the office reopens, Im not even sure if I’d be able to afford the cost of my commute anymore on this reduced salary. It would almost have been better to be laid off or furloughed because currently, unemployment pays more than my reduced salary, plus, I’d be eligible for other benefits, like food stamps and subsidized rent. At the very least, offering a reduction in hours along side the salary decrease would allow me the ability to take on a second job (if I can find one...)

My boss told me I could bring it up with HR, but that they “most likely won’t be receptive.” I understand that things are tough and I am willing to sacrifice in order to keep my job (such as giving up other benefits like the paid leave I’ve acquired) ... but I need to at least try to negotiate a better situation because, quite frankly, I can’t afford not to.

Is there a way for me to go about this diplomatically?