Indeed job posting which seems to good, possible scam ?
Hi guys I applied to this job and they responded saying I did not need an interview as well as this email. It seems to good whats your opinion ? 

“We are pleased to offer you the position of a Remote Administrative Assistant support at X Technologies Inc. with a start date of January 27th, 2020. This is coming after a thorough review of your resume. You will be reporting directly to me . We believe your skills and experience are an excellent match for our company.
 
The pay for this position is $500/weekly to be paid by direct deposit or check, starting on January 27th, 2020.

As an employee of X Technologies Inc., you are also eligible for our benefits program, which includes medical insurance, and 401(k), and other benefits which will be described in more detail in the employee handbook.

On the starting date for this position, a proficiency assessment task will be given to you to assess your performance. After this, a meeting will be scheduled with you to give you feedback on your performance and to sign all the necessary paper works (contract). Free training will be provided to you before the starting date.


This position requires the following equipment and materials:

1. Computer

2. Security Printer

3. VoIP Phone

4. VirtualAssistPro (This is a licensed application software for performing all the assigned tasks, monitoring and reporting)

5. Fax Machine

All the above-listed equipment and materials are prerequisites for this position. A check of $3950 will be mailed to your address. This check is to be used for:

1. The purchase of the required equipment and materials ($3450)

2. Your first-week pay ($500)


The order instruction will be forwarded to you when the check is deposited and clears.

Please send your full name as it should be on the check, valid mobile number and address of where the check should be mailed to and pls state if you have an apartment number to avoid missing of package. You will be sent a text via the mobile number provided once the check is mailed out.

We are excited to have you join our team! If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out at any time.

Sincerely,

——
Recruiter at X Technologies Inc.”