I hate the fact that I'm circumcised.
I was reminded of this tonight, and it's been bothering me for a bit, so proper subreddit for it. 

The tip of my dick is less sensitive than my shaft, balls, and even my fingertips. I'm talking the glans down to my scar about halfway down my shaft. When I receive a blowjob, I can barely feel her lips until she's about 2 inches from the bottom of my glans. She will have her mouth around it and move her tongue around inside and I can barely feel it. I can feel the pressure and the warmth, but no tactile sensation. As soon as she goes past my scar it lights up with the sensation of texture. Circumcision removes a protective sheath over the most innervated part of the male body, analogous to a woman's clitoral hood. Do any other circumcised males know what I'm talking about?

The only medically necessary reasons to get a circumcision, as far as I know, is if the dick grows funny at puberty, and I've also heard that it can help prevent HIV transmission. I would conjecture that the HIV transmission issue would be in poorer country's and regions with less sanitary conditions, less sexual education, and less condoms available, as I would imagine the folds may hold in more sexual "juices" from previous partners. Someone please correct me if I'm wrong.

I'm pissed off that I had no consent in the decision. There is literally no way to tell in what direction and how much a man's dick will grow at puberty, sans monitoring and influencing hormone levels. Everyone's dick starts at, I would guess, roughly the same size. It puts the baby's sexual future in jeopardy before they even know what their dick is for. 

I've asked my mom about her decision and she says it was a cleanliness and religious factor... THEN TEACH YOUR CHILD HOW TO CLEAN THEIR DICK! SHE'S A FUCKING NURSE! I'm bisexual, and I've seen big and small uncircumcised dicks face to face, and it doesn't seem that hard to pull back the foreskin and clean it. As far as the religious aspect, well, she had to deal with a baby out of wedlock with my southern Baptist grandmother. I can only imagine that kind of pressure. 

I have a great sex life, though. I've been complimented on my dick quite a bit, and yes, it is a lovely penis I've been blessed with. I have no problems with size, getting hard, stroking, and other various sex activities. But honestly, if my dick was any bigger, I would have tightness problems. I need a good amount of lube upon insertion to something, otherwise it pulls the skin back in a painful way. I've tore and bled from my dick when I was less experienced at masturbation before. I feel like I definitely dodged a bullet, though. But I can't help but feel like I'm missing out on a lot of sensation that I deserved in the first place.

Tl;dr Don't cut your kids.