Am I taking this rejection too personally, or does this seem really rude?
Hi all! 

Spent the last month job hunting as my contract was coming to an end. Have happily picked up a new gig, but found an email in my junk folder which kind of caught me off guard. 

There was a receptionist position for a local vet's office, and I thought I'd give it a go as I had experience. Their interview process was via answering machine- you'd call it, it'd give you questions, and then you had to answer all of those questions by the end of the beep. I passed that, and they sent me a text message instead of calling a week later asking for: 

1. Resume 
2. Motivation Letter (not a cover letter?) 
3. Results of a Gretchen Rubin personality quiz.
4. A list of five good points about me, and five negatives. 
5. A situation where I'd handled conflict (standard face to face interview question) 
6. My "Life Values" (5 minimum) 

The whole thing clocked in at more than 6 pages, and at that point I was starting to think it was a little much for a receptionist position which they kept plugging in the ad had to be a "great superstar" at their job. But I thought maybe they were just super busy and didnt have time to interview applicants through the usual process. In my motivation letter I explained offhandedly I'd someday love to become a vet nurse, and that I'd love to study while working there. 

Their response?   


Dear ,

Thank you for your email and attachments.Unfortunately, your resume hasn't been retained.

We are searching for a great, committed full time Receptionist and the position is NOT a stepping stone towards further animal studies. These are very different jobs.

We wish you all the very best for the future.

Thank you again for your time and efforts pertaining to your application.

Regards,  


That took six pages of my time, and I was very confused as I have had friends start out in reception and eventually moved up. It just felt incredibly cold for what I thought would show more interest in the role. Am I taking it too personally, or was that rude on their behalf? I've not really had anything other than the stock-standard rejection email before, I guess!