My girlfriend killed herself a week after we broke up
Hello. I don't really know how to start this. I guess I'll tell you how I met my ex.

Roughly 2 years ago, I was a patient in a psychiatric hospital. As a side note, I've struggled with depression for most of my life, and have had alcohol dependency issues for many many years. While I was in the hospital, I met this girl. We talked a few times, and she told me that she was being treated for depression also, though she didn't seem very depressed at first. She told me stories about her "previous life" as a med student, and how she failed out of med school. I found myself drawn to her charms. Not much later, she left the facility because the treatment wasn't working for her. I gave her my number, and she texted me that same day. For 2 weeks, we would text all day, talking about everything; mostly how bored we were, she with her life at her apartment all alone, and I with the therapies. We realized that we really liked each other and went out on a date. Then another, and another. I was so happy to have found someone who understood the things that I had been going through. We were a couple before we even knew it.

Things were still difficult for both of us, but they were near perfect when it came to our relationship. I got discharged from the hospital and started focusing on healing myself before looking for a job. She was supposedly doing the same thing. She came over often, to the point where she would need to ask her mom to look after her cat while she was with me. She met my son. Things started getting more and more clear to me though. She slept a lot. And I mean A LOT, up to 18 hours a day. She was bored all the time. Thinking about finding a job gave her anxiety. There were days when she'd lay in bed all day, get up to do something, and then get an anxiety attack and need to get back in bed. I won't say that it wasn't somewhat tough on me too to see her like that, but I always hoped for it to get better. She'd have good days where she would meal prep for an entire week for the both of us, or make 3 paintings, or talk about going back to school, but it was the minority of her days. I loved her though, and despite her depression she was sweet and caring and funny, and she got along great with my son.

After a year or so, I decided that I needed to start looking for a job. I found it so quickly that I was kind of stunned by it, but happy, of course. She was really happy for me too. I enjoyed my job at first, but found it pretty stressful, even from the beginning. Months passed, and the stress started building up. I started drinking again. Small amounts, at first. I tried to hide it from my girlfriend, but she caught on pretty quickly. She tried helping me. I wouldn't let her. The drinking got worse. I'd come home from the bar late at night to find her waiting up for me, and we'd argue, which I usually had forgotten the next morning because of how drunk I was. She told me that I shouted at her, insulted her, made her cry. I'd be so ashamed, ask her to forgive me, to please please please give me another chance, promised that I would stop drinking. And I would. For a while. Then it would all repeat itself again.

One night I came home late again and we did the same old routine. The next morning, I found her in the garage with her bags packed. Said I had said all kinds of nasty things to her, as I had so many times before. But this time was different. She told me that I had said I didn't give a fuck about her. That I wanted her to leave. And when she started sobbing, I shouted at her to sob less loudly because I couldn't hear my music. I couldn't believe it, I just couldn't. At first I thought she was bluffing about leaving, but when she started silently crying I knew I had fucked up. I told her, of course I don't want you to leave. And then I begged her to stay. Her mom eventually arrived and took her away.

I tried calling her so many times, on her cell and even her parents' landline. I got her mom on the phone once, and she confirmed that she was there, but she didn't want to talk to me. 

One week later, I got a call from her sister. She hanged herself. She apparently left a note, saying how lonely she was, and how I had been her only friend. How terrible it was to hear from her only friend that he didn't care. How it had been the last straw.

I feel sick even writing this. I killed her. I killed the woman I loved. I've been sober for 5 months now, but it's not enough. It's never going to be enough. I feel so guilty. I miss her so much. Lately I've been feeling suicidal again myself. All I want is to be with her again. If I could only tell her how sorry I am. But I can't.

Thanks for reading to the end.