Modern Dating: an observation
To start off: I speak in “us”, “our” and “we” on occasion, because at the end of the day, we’re all in this together. Whether we want to accept it or not.

Here are some things I’ve noticed about dating, and dating apps in general, that might be summarized best with a comment from a conversation I had with my dad: 

“The issue here is that you’re trying to force something to work that, inherently, does not work.”

While there are success stories from people who have found love and stability via these means, I’m keying in on the fact that those are far and few between heartbroken reports of ghosting, catfishing, benching, breadcrumbing, half-night stands, and all of these other trendy coined terms to describe the slaughter going on out there in the dating world today. 

It has become easier and more “effective” to build rotations of 4+ people and networks of individuals that require little to no emotional investment or effort, are a text away from hooking up, with almost Amazon-like speed deliveries of a person from the internet to the flesh, to satisfy instant, and likely fleeting, carnal needs. First sign of trouble or friction? Next! Get back on that app and keep swiping, keep avoiding, stay expecting. Chasing that perfect “hit”. 

(Sure signs of abuse are exempt here, once you know, you go.)

Let’s say you develop genuine feelings, and somehow decide to date a person seriously moving forward. Can you guarantee that they’re not using the app while dating you? No! Can you guarantee that they meant it when they said they’re not on the app anymore? No! Among other scenarios that can play out here, the point is, TRUST has likely been lost in the foundation of the relationship, wherever it may end up...Unless both parties make it their business to respect and maintain it. Therefore, most relationships are already set up for failure, and at this rate, none of us should really be surprised that it turns out that way. 

Which leads me to the next point: most responses to dating failures seem so numb and devoid of true passion and deep reflection, that there is no real fight remaining for relationship building and sustaining as a purpose.

Relationships require time and attention, and it’s far too tempting nowadays to siphon that time and attention into superficial things like social media, likes, and that perfect selfie. Why? Because these “things” likely light up the reward systems in our brains like the addicts we’ve become, making the addiction to gratification and stimulus more important than our boring, monotonous, real-life connections to one another as human beings. Why settle down with one person and pay attention to building and growing slowly with them, when you can indulge your senses on the buzzes and vibrations of validation, flashing lights, fancy animations, jazzy notifications, bells, and whistles, and haptic feedback from your smartphone to dive back into the endless possibilities of the digital double life?

Also, recognizing a genuine connection in its infancy, and having it suddenly disappear without a trace no longer has the emotional protection and m support of a strong and morally grounded community to catch it and guide it back to where it needs to be either nurtured or ended with maturity. This may be a side effect of the absence of delayed gratification... massive-scale learned helplessness, or even the evolution of snack-sized wisdom in memes failing as substitutes for bonding over discussion and rumination on real issues and the reasons behind them. 

Instead, it’s seen as “Oh well, that’s that. Tough beans. Just move on.”...Insert a collective, giant, proverbial shoulder shrug. 

Modern dating has become a careless, free-for-all with no common standard of operation nor agreement, lacking measures of excellence. And most importantly, no real marker for when to stop and unplug! Too often I’m seeing people accept these destructive behaviors as natural, to the point where it is evolving into something common and acceptable. It’s being rewarded...and what is rewarded, continues.

And here is my last point: Many of us are failing to call a spade a spade. 

How many people have intentionally removed themselves from sex and dating long enough to truly reflect within upon the behaviors and beliefs they’re bringing to the table that mimic.. parents, role models, or TV? How much of this is learned and replayed through us, ruled by emotions only, without logic and reason? Versus a tried and true collection of “Yes, this works because it works, and I’ve spent time with my peers and colleagues to elaborate upon why it works...and observed the results that show that it works.”

How many are unconsciously seeking to satisfy some repetition-compulsion to repeat past trauma in new relationships to gain a sense of control and power where they once felt helpless and weak? Do we have the courage to address these topics?

How many people are willing to admit that they’re wrong? And that we’re probably going about this the wrong way? 

How many of us are willing to do the real, ugly, painful work so we can finally have healthy relationships with each other?

—-

TL; DR: We’re on the fast track to becoming a bunch of instant gratification addicts, trying to force things to work in modern dating that inherently, don’t work.