I don’t know how to get out of a 3 year toxic friendship
So I’ve had this insanely toxic friend for about 2-3 years and I have no idea how to get out of this friendship. For safety reasons, we’ll just call her Ella. When I first became friends with Ella she was this super sweet, funny and witty girl whom I just really liked. But as I spent more time with her I started noticing how she’d get annoyed whenever I was hang out with other people. She’d make it obvious that she was angry at us whenever we hung out with someone else or whenever I hung out with the other girl in our friend group (let’s call her Anne) and the next day Ella would act mad at us. It’s like everytime I make a a new friend she find something she can pick at so I’ll stop being friends with that person. Ella always talks about how she’s the ‘most disliked person of the friend group’ when Anne and I really do everything we can to please her and keep her happy. Ella talks so openly about how much she hated me and how dumb she thought I was and how boring I am and acts like it’s all funny. I auditioned to go to my dream school and told her how excited I was, the only thing she could talk about is how if I got in I would be leaving her a few months before she moved and how I was ‘abandoning’ her for some other school. She was so happy when she heard I didn’t get in the school. Ella would point out things she hated that people did and then state how I did it. I tried to leave the friendship once and just hung out with other people for a day while she was giving me death stares and she started crying so the counsellor had to get involved and I had to lie about why I was hanging out with other people and say I was just hanging out with other people rather than I was trying to get out of this toxic friendship. She brings that up all the time and talks about how she’ll never forgive me for that when she’s hurt me so many more times and I just pretend it never happened and that I’m completely fine. Every fight we’ve had she’s started, every fight is always about how she’s dissatisfied with me and I always apologise for it and tell her I won’t hang out with that person again and I’ll make sure to not sit or hang out with other people at lunch. Ever since I’ve been friends with her every time I hang out with someone else (despite asking her if she wants to come along to) we have a fight every time from her thinking I prefer them over her. I only sit with her and Anne at lunch now. It’s mentally draining being friends with her and being her ‘therapist’, having be there for her 24/7 and having to listen to her talk bad about me to my face and apologising to her. Every time we hang outside of school I’m always upset. My family is so tired for me and just wants me to leave the friendship. They’ve tried telling me what I can do but nothing really works, I can’t speak to them about her anymore because they just don’t want to hear about her. And it’s so confusing because she can be so sweet and funny and happy and I think about how I could ever want to leave this friendship but then the next day she just starts a fight with me for no reason. I want to go to the school counsellor but I’m scared the counsellor’s gonna confront Ella about it and Ella’s gonna spread lies and make everyone hate me. So for right now, I’m just waiting till she leaves this school. She’s leaving in about 4-5 months. Her family tells me they’re gonna make sure to keep in contact and have me visit them whenever I get the chance to. I don’t know what to do anymore. Please help me