a credit union just saved me $300+ a month. if you're not a member, find one. NOW.
i actually work in a midwest CU but i was embarrassed to apply for a refinance because i knew how bad my credit score was and i didn't want any of my coworkers to know.  
  
push came to shove at the beginning of last month. i had been driving with temp plates for the better part of a year and finally got stopped and hit with a hefty ticket. a kind coworker stepped in and offered to quietly set me up with a personal loan to pay the ticket and get my car registered. the interest rate was about 14% (with a 583 credit score and a massive debt to income ratio). 
  
once that was done, she came back to me and set another offer in front of me: refi my car loan at the CU, roll in the new personal loan she'd just drawn up for me, *add* in my two credit cards and make my single monthly payment cheaper than my original car note's. i was floored.  
  
i now have a 12% rate--down from 25.66% at my other finance company, my credit score is going to leap up since both of my cards are now paid off (and won't be used unless it is absolutely fucking necessary), and in total, i am now saving $317 a month. that may not seem like a lot to some people, but it's huge for me. that money is an oil change, a visit to the dentist, going back to my therapist, and a whole host of things i've avoided because i couldn't find it in my budget.  
  
TL;DR: if you're struggling, please reach out to a credit union. every single one of my coworkers is kind, understanding and reserve judgment in every situation. i mean, it's why credit unions were even created--for people in poverty like us. they offer *so* much more than a traditional bank, even if all you bring to them are your loans.  
  
anyway, i'm off my soapbox. if anyone has any questions about this stuff, please PM me! i want everyone in my situation to feel as relieved as i do right now. 

EDIT: well i got way more responses than i expected haha i'll reply to everyone as soon as i can!