My dreams are slowly fading away and I feel worthless
First of all I´m trully sorry for any mistakes I make but my english isn´t that great and my vocabulary is quiet limited. Second of all I´m not sure if this is posted in the right place for I´m new to this thing.  


A little background-> I´m 21 and I live in small country in central Europe. I´m currently finishing 3rd year at the university. I´m studying rescue services (Mostly firefighting). I come from broken family, spent most of the years living with my mother and sister who I grew to hate after certain thing that happened. For past 2-3 year, I´m not that sure how long it was, I have lived with my father who I have a complicated relationship with. I overthink a lot, I love to help people and I´m trying my best to be as friendly as possible.  


For most of my life I dreamed about playing music, being an artist and I wanted to be important, to be somehow special. I started playing violin when I was 7 tho I left it a year earlier to play accordion because I felt like violin was just not for me. I played accordion for 4 years however I dropped it too after my classmates ridiculed me for it. I went some years without music afterwards. I tried to get more into writing which I was interested in since I was 8-9 years old and I tried to paint a little. I got back to music when I was 15. I started playing guitar tho I mostly learned to play by myself. Later I started playing cello which I fell in love with. I played for 2 years and was told that I could go to conservatoire and learn more.   
That was one of the most important point in my life. I had to pick where to go next. I could either go to conservatoire and study music which I loved however I would probably struggle to make money afterwards, or I could go to the university and study rescue services which could land me a well paid job. From what I wrote earlier you already know what was my choice. I went to the university and after 3 years I´m still unsure wheter I made the right choice. Back then I had a girlfriend. By the time I had to pick one of the choices we were together for roughly 6 months. She was my first girlfriend and since one of my biggest dreams was to be like my granfather who had only one girl throughout his whole life I believed I will be with that girl forever (I know, I was too naive). Because of that and because I wanted to have a family in one point of my life I chose uni because I thought I will have to be able to provide for the family thus I´d need a well paid job. After choosing the school I had to stop playing cello and for past 2 years I only played around 8 times which breaks my heart.  
First dream that got crushed was having her by my side. Everything between us ended around 2 weeks before our first aniversary and I had a mental brakedown.   
Second dream, dream of having at least some good relationships with my family was torn apart when my mother killed my dog because she didn´t want to care of her. That dog was the only thing keeping my head together, I latched on her emotionally and that little creature almost got me through the heartbrake and loneliness.

Now to the still doable dreams.  
When I was 18 I finished my first short story and posted it on the internet to find out if my work is worth it. I recieved some praise from strangers, from my literature teacher aswell as she read the 30-page thing and liked it. I was also working on something bigger but I had to pospone it because I felt like I need to practice more. By now I have created some maps, have more than 100 pages of content (creatures,describtions, cultures, etc.) in encyclopedia that describes world I set my stories in. I have finished a book of 258 A5 pages where I practiced working with particular elements needed in main storyline of that world. I wrote several poems, songs and short stories that I used to get some stuff off my chest. However, most of these things were seen only by me. My family doesn´t care about any of this, most of my friends don´t care either (1 person corrects my mistakes occasionally, she helped to better my style and grammar which rocketed my skill in writing, 2 people occasionally ask me if I have something finished and if they could read it). I have a hard time getting into writing because sometimes when I start writing I just feel as if it was useless and my head is screaming "why do you waste your time" at me. I love writing but I feel as if it was useless as if it didn´t have any meaning at all.  
My second big dream was to leave my home country and run out to the world. I wanted to study in Canada or New Zealand but I´d have to have a lot of money for that which I don´t have and I surely will never ask my family for it, neither anyone else cause it´s against my rules. However I don´t really have an opportunity to save enough money either. I worked, I tried some things that could get me some money from the state but was declined. As far as I look at it from any angle there is, I´m going to be stuck at my hometown for my whole life and I have hard times trying to cope with that thought.

Lastly, one of my biggest dreams is to be a father and to have a happy family for the rest of my life. I want to be a good father and even tho I´m scared of that I´ll do anything I can so that my children could be proud of their father. I want to sort of undo all that crap I went through because of my family by raising kids the "proper" way. However for past 3 years I couldn´t feel anything at all, not to mention anything even close to love. I was unable to create a romantic relationship in any way. Even tho I can make friends easily and I have a lot of them, even tho I get to know a lot of people and some of them quiet like me, at least one of my friends wanted to be my girlfriend, I was just unable to do anything. I struggle with getting into a relationship. I´m not the best looking pal and I surely have some extra weight but I´m working on it and lost  3 kgs last month without really trying that much, I´m working on it much harder lately.

My life wasn´t that great. I felt lonely for most of it and I was on the edge. I went too far several times when I almost ended it but I managed to pull it through and pledged myself to never even think about it again. I try to just run through all the hard things but I feel as if I was just drifting in life without any purpose. That is what´s bothering me. I feel useless, unwanted, worthless and these feelings keep coming everytime I´m left alone for a moment.  


Anyway, thanks for reading this short story of a scribe. I hope you´ll have a nice day.