Massive weight off my shoulders - Opening up about suicidal thoughts
24F here :)
Disclaimer I'm not the most coherent person and I tend to ramble. Not sure if this fits in this sub I also posted to r/AnxietyDepression) 
 
So I've suffered with crippling anxiety since the age of 12 when my dad passed in quite a traumatic way for me. I've been through therapy/on meds for years and about a year ago I was feeling much less depressed and anxious and came off my meds yay!! 

A few months ago, I lost my job and it was a massive blow to my confidence. Ive slipped back into a depression and never want to leave the house and am constantly arguing with my boyfriend (massive social butterfly) because I don't want anyone at the house and I just lock myself in the bathroom and cry all the time. Obviously arguing has been making it worse as I feel like I'm losing him aswell as my mind.
Hes very kind but generally not the most sympathetic as he leads a very fast paced life and has been through a hell of a lot and his way to deal with his issues is the opposite to me lol.

The past month my heads been full of suicidal thoughts, I think about killing myself most of the day, every day. Like even if we are sitting watching TV I'll be looking round the room planning ways I could do it (even though I probably wouldn't). Last night my boyfriend got really frustrated with me because he noticed I'd been self harming (when I do this I don't usually even remember It really and am always so embarrassed by it as soon as I realise-do other people get this??) and I shouted something about how I just wanted to die but I just couldn't leave him on his own and he looked absolutely heartbroken just cuddled me for ages. We had an amazing talk and he was the first person I've EVER told about being suicidal (not even my therapist). I feel like a massive weight has been lifted off my shoulders and I can't stop crying, even now (in a good way) and I wish I had said something so much sooner. I also not believe that someone can love me unconditionally for who I am and that's really special. 

Our relationship already feels so much more back on track and even though I'm still sad, I really feel like I've accomplished something and feel very blessed to have such an amazing man in my life.

I guess I don't have too much of a point here. I just feel like I've really accomplished something and made a massive step in both my mental health and my relationship and wanted to share with someone. :)