My dating story.
So I started dating again at the beginning of the year and here is how it went. Guy #1 dated me for 5 months and then told me he’d been seeing someone else the whole time. Guy #2 dated me for a few months, slept with me, then ghosted me. This was the first time I’d started dating since my only long-term relationship a couple of years earlier; a guy whom I was with for 5 years that cheated on me multiple times (I’m aware that I sound very negative and bitter by this point, but please bare with).

So back to the present day. I met this new guy about a month ago, guy #3. We went on a few dates and everything was going seemingly well. I went in with no expectations, and was pleasantly surprised to find that I really liked him. The only thing was, he was incredibly strange. He texted me after our first date to say how much he enjoyed it and that he’d love to see me again. He puts in equal effort to arrange dates that we’ll both enjoy. He texts me every day to find out about my day. He always replies to my messages. He never avoids the hard questions and he’s very open with me. He takes a lot of interest in finding out more about me, the way I think, the things I love, the things I don’t love. He really makes an effort and appreciates the effort I make. It’s all just very, very strange. Right?

WRONG. HOLY FUCKING SHIT. I have wasted so much time waiting around for assholes that I didn’t know what it should actually be like when you are dating someone. I got so used to being ignored, being left on read, going out of my way to make an effort, only to get none in return, feeling annoying rather than wanted, getting dishonest communication or none at all, being made to feel like I wasn’t good enough and that I had to earn the time of others. I was so used to it that I had myself convinced that this was normal. That by speaking up and saying how it upset me, I was being crazy and expecting too much. All of those monumental red flags had become normal to me and instead were not flags at all.

But this...THIS is what it should be like. When someone is genuine and they really do care about you, they don’t do all those things. You won’t have to wonder. You won’t have to feel like you’re not enough for them, that you have to convince them to be with you. I know this may all be nothing short of a platitude but seriously....I feel like after meeting this guy, I have just woken the fuck up.

Moral of the story? Don’t let the assholes fool you into thinking that asshole-ness is normal. It isn’t. It really fucking isn’t.