Should I try to get my PI to change my project?
Hi everyone. I'm a 4th year PhD student in biology and I'm having some issues with a project. When I first joined my lab, my PI gave me a really exciting project on a topic I felt comfortable with, aligned with my current interests and career track, and immediately got to it. Funds were low at the time, enough to support the research but not me, and I was TAing to support myself, which greatly reduced my time working on research. My PI somehow got a grant for a different project that he's not very familiar with (it's a pilot grant) and gave me this project to do concurrently with my main one. I have done so for about two years now and I've found that I am really not interested in the topic. I don't like the project, I don't like the people I have to work with on it, it doesn't align with my ideas for the future, and because it's a pilot grant in a new area for us, we are going in basically blindly with no collaborators. I was producing subpar data and have found no meaningful results so far.

As such, I was happy when it seemed like we were ditching the project because I'd be able to focus full time on my other one, but my PI is now wanting me to apply for a fellowship for the second project and is looking to apply for a full grant in it with a collaborator. I don't want to continue this project but I understand that having funds to support me and the lab might need to take priority. However, I'm very concerned that if we get the fellowship and/or grant, I will have to leave my first project completely for this second one and I know that this will make me unhappy. I'm also worried that given our negative data, it'll be very hard for me to publish good papers and graduate.

So my questions are: should I mention to my PI that I am not interested in this project? Do grad students in general have that amount of say in their research, specially when there's low funds? And if so, how should I go about this? I'm terrible at confrontation and don't want to sound like I'm simply dismissing the project because I know this is my job. Any input is appreciated!