My last days of being a teenager are most likely going to be awful.
So obviously I'm 19, gonna turn 20 in a week.

I'm currently in my fourth semester of uni. My last days of being a teenager are going to be very sad, much like most of my teen years. I don't have a friend group here in college. College was supposed to be a spire of hope and happiness compared to high school. Instead, I have to CONSTANTLY watch other people who are around around my age have aspects of life that I would kill for. What are these aspects? Well, having a real friend group, going to parties, experiencing relationships/intimacy/sex. These are common, healthy things that I should be doing, but no. My toxic and depressing upbringing has fucked me, and I don't think I can fix myself.

The thing I worry about the most is the relationships/sex/intimacy part. I do not necessarily care about being labeled as a "virgin", I care/worry about the fact that I have never experienced anything related to sex or romance. No sex, oral, kissing, hand-holding, not even a hug. No girl has ever liked me or thought I was attractive. I can't wrap my head around this shit. Prom? Like... asking someone out when you're 17/18 and going on a date with them/maybe even having sex? This is a common thing and it's ok, but I just fucking can't believe I'm past that age and still haven't experienced anything close to it. So I feel like I missed the "learning" portion of my life and now I'm fucked. I would like to experience these things with someone else who has no experience (it's a personal thing, I just think it's sweet) but as I enter my 20s, the chances of that happening become slim. When I see couples that are my age or younger, I get unbelievably jealous and sad. I know that's not healthy, but I can't help it. I hate that I'm saying this, but I really want a girlfriend. Not just for the sake of having a girlfriend, but because... well I assume love is a fucking nice thing, don't lie to me.

For the next week, I'll witness people around my age being normal teenagers, having fun, and I will frequently have to stop myself from committing suicide. On my last day of being a teenager, I'll be seeing my therapist. It'll have been one year since I tried to get close with a girl and got rejected. I crumbled that day, and I will crumble a year later. I already know I'm going to be crying so hard that I won't be able to even fucking speak. That's how I'll be spending my last days as a teenager. Fucked.

I'm leaving a period of my life that I can't get back, and it's killing me :(