How to feel more comfortable at new job?
I've been with my current company for almost 2 years now (first company out of graduate school), and switched departments around 3.5 months ago to a slightly different role. I was in my previous role for around 18 months, and left due to a toxic environment, which led to never-ending staff shortages, significantly heavy workload for low pay, etc. My new role was literally created as a new position, as it is considered a "hybrid" position to take on 3 different roles between these 2 locations, and offered me slightly more pay than my old job. I also understood that accepting a newly created position could be more challenging, as management is kind of learning how to provide the best supervision/management, as I learn how to make the position more of my own. This management "learning curve" has also resulted in several issue that have required mediation between multiple supervisors and directors (which they are supposedly taking responsibility for, and aren't faulting me, but I still feel very uncomfortable about the situation).  Although I am definitely learning a lot more in my new position (I've been doing a lot of self-education outside of work also), I am still feeling super overwhelmed in my new position, and feel inconsistently supported by my supervisors. Most of my coworkers are nice, but I do not feel like I fit in with any of them, as most of them are all 10-40 years older than me, and married with children (which I am not), and just have very different personalities than me, so I sometimes feel even lonelier and more lost at my new job with few people to turn to for advice, etc. I also feel like when I ask questions, these people with more experience appear to sometimes get frustrated for something that seems so "simple and easy" to them, but may not be that way for me, as a newer employee. My new department also is very similar to my old department in some ways-it's not as "toxic" as my old job, but there are some very opinionated and close-minded colleagues that are also making my job significantly more challenging to complete (which again, my supervisor is aware of, and trying to mediate to the best of her ability, supposedly). I have started looking at other potential jobs, but the job market is very saturated for my profession, so my options are limited. I also worry about leaving so soon, and having other employers potentially believe I am a "job hopper", which I know can carry a negative connotation. Has anyone ever experienced something similar at a new job, or have any suggestions to help me feel more comfortable/confident? I have been pushing myself to try and ask more questions when needed, without worrying about what other people think, but am still struggling with feeling like I "fit in".