Suicide prevention at the Golden Gate Bridge actually worked
I’ve been traveling in San Francisco for the last week. Since I started planning this trip, my intent had been to jump off the Golden Gate Bridge at some point during my stay. I was not planning on returning to my home country. 

I went to the bridge on the second day to scout it out. High barriers and nets prevent jumping off the ends of the bridge with land underneath, but a 4-foot guardrail is the only thing that prevents jumping off the middle of the bridge. I could have done it right then but it was the middle of the day and I was with a friend; really didn’t want to scar anybody. 

So instead, I went back last night around 8pm. I hung around near the welcome center preparing myself for a few minutes, then approached the pedestrian walkway. What I hadn’t predicted was the walkway being closed to pedestrian access at 6:30pm! I was way too afraid of getting caught by the cameras or patrol guards while sneaking over the barrier, so I headed back home and make a plan to return. 

My flight back home was at 6:30am, so I planned to leave my host’s house around 4:30am pretending to go to the airport, but actually going back to the bridge which opened at 5am for pedestrians. I set my alarm-clock for 4am and went to sleep. 

I woke up needing to pee around 2am, and the
full weight of what I was planning to do suddenly hit me. I started having major doubts about the plan working, worried about somehow surviving, chickening out while on the bridge but then missing my flight and getting stuck here, or the patrol people catching me and certifying me under a 5150. That would mean missing my flight, a huuuge medical bill since I don’t have US insurance, and a massive freak out from my family. 

So, after considering all of those factors, I cancelled the taxi I had booked for the GGB and rebooked a new one for the airport. I’m here now waiting to get on the plane. 

Moral of the story: I never thought things like barriers or nets or patrols would deter people, but I guess it worked on me. This would have been my seventh and probably final attempt, the other 6 including overdoses that ended in multi-day comas, slashing my wrists, and starving myself. I’m sure I’ll try again in the near future but for now I’m safe, so thanks, GGB, for that. I guess.