I found the love of my life but...
Hey guys.. So.. Ya. I pretty much did IT. I found HER. Or we found each other. And it was so crazily random and.. Thats it?


Okay lets start at the beginning.


We met when we were 14. We had our "confirmation" (protestants, yay). We met us weekly because of the church. And then someday we actually got together.. But young as we were... Well. Nothing more than a few shy kisses and she ended it three weeks in or so. No biggy. We hated each other for a bit and then came closer as the end of our confirmation neared. We had fun, talked a lot... And then she had a boyfriend. I was pissed off and such.. But hey. We still talked but it was less and less and then we lost contact. 

Fast forward a few months. We are both 16 now. She breaks up with her boyfriend and contacts me. And.. We became really really really close. We told each other everything.. And in the summer when I was on vacations with my friends for a week she tells me...That she feels like we are soulmates. And I dunno. It just felt right.. And I really felt that way. As if we are connected. I come home after a week and we meet us and talk.. And two weeks later she has another guy. I dunno why and how and all that. But hey. Its her life. Maybe something physical only? We are really young...


We try to stay in contact but I cant stand to see her with her boyfriend so I write an epic wall of text and tell her to decide.. But she cant and wont. So I do it for her and break every contact. 


We get older. I get my first real girlfriend. Yay Sex yadda yadda. Occasionally I think of her and she tried to text me twice or so but I tell her to delete my number. early this year I feel like I will break up with my then GF pretty soon so.. I message her. She is excited and its like there was nothing. We talked and talked and talked. Then close to our A-levels I break up with my GF. Unrelated to her but it was the right thing to do.



However. We met and did some stuff.. And I never ask "How is your love life?". Which was fatal. One day.. I realised that she is still together with that guy. WELL. Thats fucked up but we still talk a lot.



Then the fatal things happened. On our prom.. She is there.. And we are both drunk.. And then we dance.. And kiss. And.. Talk. Like, a lot.. She tells me that she is just together with her boyfriend because they already paid their vacation and she cant take it back. So she is just waiting for the right moment. The next day we meet and kiss and cuddle and talk.. She talks to me as if I am her boyfriend and gives me "advice".. Because I so insecure about what we have I ask her if its an affaire or if we are together because I couldnt wrap my head around it.. And she answers the next day...
TLDR: She was drunk, it was a mistake. Yes we belong together but not like this. She loves her boyfriend. And we should probably take a long break.

But I cant. That was not right. She just fucked up our friendship and her relationship so... As a hurt 18-year-old boy would do I told her boyfriend what we "had" and drunk. All by myself. Just Jim Bean and me. It was horrible and noone should do that but hey. And this evening. She calls me. I told her absolutely brutal things. Fucked her completely up.. And then we both cried. We fucking cried for ages. Just sitting there on our phones and cried. And then laughed. And we had fun. Sent us funny pictures and videos. And talked about the past. The good old times.. And ended it pretty retarded. Her boyfriend didnt allow her to talk to me... But hey. In the end I stopped to text her but if she ever wanted to talk I would answer. Always.



She changed her number (unrelated) and we had a month long break. I really thought I was finally over her. You guys know "500 Day of Summer"? Fucking best film out there. SPOILER: In the end he asks her why it never worked out. And she said it just hadnt made "click". And I thought, well fuck. Thats me right there. We were perfect. But it never made "click". And then 3 weeks ago I had birthday and she sends me a fucking letter with her new number and talks about some memories we share.. And I text her. Of course.. 


NOW: Im completely fucked. I am not over her. I never was. I lied to myself, to my best friend. To her. I cant stop thinking about her. She is the one. I know it. Whenever I feel bad or weird or just want to say SOMETHING, she is there... And she always will. But we are not together. We may never will. Who knows? Its not like she has to.. But I can never love anyone else. Yeah believe that its some childish shit.. No its not. Srsly. Its 5 years now and I lost many friends and got new ones. But this one constant was her. I changed in character the last few years but whenever I text her its just plain perfect. We just fit together so well. But it never made click...



Yesterday I had a fucking break down. Given, it was a lot of alcohol involved but only children and alc says the truth, right? I told one of my best friends.. But he couldnt help either. And today I told it my 2 closest friends and they were just quiet. Nothing. And she is there. Somewhere. Maybe sad maybe happy. But will we ever make it? Is it fucking retarded of me? Should I quit all and every contact again? "Fight" for her? Fuck up her life AGAIN?!


Sorry guys. Its a long story.. Thank you for your ear.


Und Eva, wenn du da draußen bist: Ich liebe dich. Das musste mal gesagt werden..