My dating journey as an ugly guy: from rough beginnings to decent ends
As an ugly person, it has been painful but also rewarding to accept my place.

It was challenging to accept the truth and consequences of my appearance.  Society places enormous emphasis on appearances.  People everywhere will judge you and treat you negatively based on appearance, no matter how intelligent/educated/nice they believe themselves to be.  So it can be very depressing to open your eyes and see how many people discriminate against you (usually just in subtle ways, thankfully).

The reality of my ugliness dawned on me very slowly.  I noticed how my attractive friends were treated better than me in public-- random people would commonly make friendly eye contact with them or even smile at them, which has never happened for me.  I would be excluded from certain conversations or events.  I saw myself ageing much more harshly than other guys my age.  I noticed that I was usually the least attractive person in group photos.  Needless to say, I struggled to find girls to date, or even talk to.  Eventually, it was no longer possible to delude myself.

I also really struggled with the idea that, even though I'm ugly, maybe I can still find an attractive mate.  I got over that through numerous painful dating experiences and by observing how couples usually have similar levels of attractiveness.  I have learned that, if you want to "date up", there is a very low ceiling on "up", and that ceiling can only be broken if you allow yourself to be exploited in some way (e.g. maybe they want your money or status, or maybe they are just a psycho trying to hurt you).

Once I got past these painful truths, a deeper truth also dawned on me: that there are girls who, just like me, are straight and also tired of getting mistreated based on appearances.  Knowing that, I found it much easier to find high-potential mates and treat them kindly.  I knew I could treat them the way I wanted to be treated, and that they would appreciate it.  By focusing on that mantra, I was able to not only avoid painful interactions, but also make new friends, enjoy the company of women on casual dates, and eventually, I found a romantic relationship.

There are so many good possibilities out there, even if your appearance isn't good.  For anyone who is struggling out there, I hope my story is helpful!