Majoring in Physics was the biggest mistake of my life.
When I was choosing a major in college I didn’t have the option of choosing an engineering discipline so I chose the closest thing I could, physics. I loved the school and wanted to stay, but I also wanted to get into an engineering career. When I was discussing this with my parents, my father told me not to worry because engineering and physics are so closely related that I wouldn’t have a problem finding an engineering position post-graduation. “You will be able to tell the engineers what’s wrong with their designs,” he would say, and I blindly believed him. 

So I graduated and started looking for engineering jobs but I didn’t seem to be qualified for any entry level ones. I thought to myself, “That’s just cause you don’t have any experience. You learn these things on the job, just find something to get yourself started in the engineering world and you’ll find your way.” I eventually figured out that with my degree, I was most qualified for Test Engineering jobs. That’s got the word engineer in it, I must be on the right track! 

I got a job as a Test Engineer and quickly realized it wasn’t the type of engineering I thought it would be, but the pay wasn’t bad so I sucked it up and worked. After a few years I wanted to take on more responsibility and since there was no room for growth in this particular company, I started looking for other jobs. I thought, “I have some experience, I can get an engineering job now.” So I searched and searched and quickly realized that I am in no way qualified for an engineering position. I don’t feel like I have any actual skills. I used to be able to do math and stuff, and I took simple electronics classes in my physics coursework, but it’s been so long that I don’t remember how to do it anymore. Now I’m working in systems engineering, essentially making sure test plans and reports aren’t written at a second grade level (which many of them are) and I’m so bored. I don’t know where my career path will go, but I’m sure now that I don’t have the education to pull off an engineering job.

I don’t know why I’m posting this, to be honest. I think I just needed to get it out. Maybe I’m looking for direction too. IDK.