My dad is refusing to pay for any college that isn't a Christian university.
I go to a Christian high school, and most of my peers want to attend schools like Evangel and Liberty and Calvin. I am a Christian and I go to church and I'm even a preacher's kid. But when you're a black student who transferred from public school at a majority white school with some pretty racist students who all share the exact same ideologies without room for debate, you kind of don't want to spend any more time in such an environment if you can help it. I have nothing against Christian universities or their student bodies, but my top schools, even lower-ranked schools like MI State, Wayne State, and Ohio State (my dad lives in OH) have better programs than what the others are offering.

My dad doesn't want to pay? Cool.

USC is offering free tuition bro. Lol.

&#x200B;

\[edit\] This feels like one of those celebrity apology tweets: Background: USC is a school that offers free tuition for families with income under 80k. Yes, as many have pointed out, **I am a current junior/rising senior.** The point of this was not to mislead anyone into thinking I have 1.) been accepted into USC or 2.) that I have a full-ride for some reason or another. My stats put me at a high chance of acceptance (yes I know that nothing is certain, but statistically speaking) and *if/when* I get in, I will qualify for free tuition. The point of this post was to rant (hence the flair) about how my dad was essentially withholding tuition money if I don't attend a certain type of university, but how I didn't really care because most schools I'm applying to will apply varying amounts of free aid, so it didn't matter if he paid or not, any amount remaining, if at all (such as with USC), can be taken care of by me personally or smaller loans because I wouldn't be paying full tuition regardless.

I worded some things vaguely and unclearly, that's my bad. Alright, have a blessed day :)

\[the edit's edit\] lol I'm not a liar. Just vague in my annoyance. I'm sorry again, but that's all I'll say about this. Thank you all for the encouragement anyway.