Life With Company After PIP
Note: I also posted this in AskHR but would love to hear other perspectives as well if anyone has gone through something similar. 

I'm located in Maryland; however, my company operates out of Washington DC. Some context but a general question at the bottom.

In late January of this year, I was placed on a 90-day PIP related to project timeliness and communication. At the time, I had been extremely sick for several weeks and had requested time off, which had been denied. I missed a deadline and a few days later was placed on the PIP. At the time, I was convinced it was a cover-their-butt, I'm getting fired move and started looking for new work - although I'd never had a performance issue or negative appraisal in the past, my supervisor and I don't work well together (she's an extreme micromanager and I've tried talking to her about how I perform better when I have some flexibility in process, but this hasn't changed anything except me just needing to adapt. I'm also her only employee, so I have almost no autonomy in my work, which isn't the norm for my position in other departments).

But after 90 days (late April), I ended up passing my PIP and was formally removed from it, with the feedback that I excelled at the goals set and to continue the good work. This was a huge relief - since COVID hit, I hadn't had any luck finding other opportunities.

In late May, our company advertised they were looking to fill about 10 positions from internal applicants for a new department - some would be a promotion, others would be lateral transfers. I've worked well with the hiring manager on other projects in the past and my skills matched really well to what they were looking for, so I applied. The interview with her went well and I was brought in for another meeting about it this week. I was incredibly excited - I love my company but there's no room for growth in my department (my supervisor keeps pushing back her retirement), and I want to be able to stay and grow under a new supervisor so badly.

However, I was told that I wouldn't be transferred or promoted at the meeting. Our HR rep was there, which I thought was strange. The hiring manager asked if I wanted feedback on why I wasn't selected, and I told her yes - that's when the HR rep stated that due to my performance in my current role, it's unlikely that I would be approved any transfers for "some time," and that internal promotions would be "very unlikely at any point."

I feel devastated. I understand their hesitancy - on paper, there's no context around what happened earlier this year. But the tone seemed to be that I would never have opportunities internally because of this. I'm curious what bearing successfully completed PIPs have on internal hiring decisions in general, and if I should resume my external job search? Thank you for your time and thoughts.