Would like some opinions on my current situation of temp employment.
I will just lay this out in a simple timeline and then add a little blurb at the end for my real question.

Sept  - Get hired for temp to hire position at large company along with one other person, told they are trying to fill two permanent positions within 6 months.

Sept - Dec  - Consistently told by my supervisor as well as temp company that I am exceeding expectations.

End of Dec - supervisor tells me she is moving ahead to get the authorization to offer me full position. 

January - Supervisor leaves company, replaced by previous supervisor who had left to work for different emerging department. 

End of January -  Other temp is fired for bad attitude and underwhelming performance.

February - Temp pulled from different department and brought in to replace him, I do all of the training for the position.

March- This is my 6th month and I ask about the permanent position and whether or not it will happen, reassured that they are going to, but issues with budget are delaying it.

Now - Still told that budget is holding it back but as soon as its cleared I will be offered the position.


I am a no longer recent grad (finished Dec of 2012) my student loans are too large monthly for me to pay on the temp wage but manageable on the permanent position's salary. I like the job, the benefits and salary are more than acceptable assuming I get hired.It feels as though I am just going to be stuck in an endless temp position losing money and getting further behind.

Not sure what my options are, I have not been actively looking for a perm position while in this role, mostly because my resume falls a little flat, good education, but have only had a series of 3-6 month temp positions with no permanent positions. Not sure I can wait this out much longer, but feel that jumping to another temp position would be even worse.

Has anyone else experienced this? What did you do?


Also if relevant, working in Minneapolis, have a Finance degree, currently working as a financial analyst for a large healthcare company. 

Edit: extraneous punctuation