I feel like poeple hang out with me because they feel sorry for me
I wasn't very popular for the majority of my life. Which is fine, becasue you don't need to be popular to be happy. My problem was that I didn't have any friends until high school, when I moved districts. I did have one friend in middle school. Until one day he stopped talking to me. One minute we were pals, and the next thing I know he didn't say anything to me for 3 years (6-8th grade)(This happened to me again in highschool, but that is a different story for a different time). Because of this loss I spent many a lunches eating by myself in the middle of the cafeteria, and many weekends in my home playing video games while everybody else hung out and did the usual kid stuff. 

When I moved to high shcool, things brightened up a little for me. Although I drifted between 3 groups of friends, I finally found one group that (I hoped) liked me for who I was. High school passed and we are all currently in college. I still talk with them at least 2-3 days a week throiugh Skype which is cool I guess. Three of them go to the same college so they see each other often. I usually call them and they only answer when they have nothing else to do. 

I have two friends in college. One is somebody that I met on my floor last year(who lives off campus now) and the other from a class that we were in (he lives a floor above me). I'm in a single room and don't see much of them anymore. The one who lives off campus, I have to ask if he would like to do something. Half the time he's busy or doing things with other friends. When we fist met it was great. We could talk for hours and never get bored. This year we talked for 10-20 minutes before I felt like I didn't have anything more to say. The last two times I saw him though, he told me that I was giving him a headache because I was talking too much. That really hurt. I was making somebody physically sick just because of my presence. I don't want to paint him as a bad guy because he's not. He's the most amazing person I've met, but have I been pushing it too much? I've told myself that I wouldn't invite him to do anything until he contacted me first. I saw this as a way to make sure that he's ready to do stuff again, because I felt like I push him too much to do things. I've told him that I don't really hang out with anybody else and he said to go out and "get some more friends"(he said this in a joking manner, but it still rings true). Anyways, I'm apporaching three weeks of no contact. Not a text, snapchat, nothing.  I feel like this is my fault for being such a loser. I'm expecting this one dude to be my only friend when he has his own life and agenda, but I still want the attention. I feel like whenever I offer to do something, he's saying yes just because he feels sorry for me. He knows that I don't really have anybody else, and he just puts on a show because I've spent so much time with him and revealed so much of my personal thoughts. Like he owes me or something. 

The other firend is a different case. He also doesn't really have lots of friends. Despite living above me I see him once a week, tops. I tell him he can come over whenever he likes but he only come over for like 2 hours a week. At least I don't have to invite him down, he'll just come down himself. I feel like this is a similiar situation though. He comes down because I've known him for a year and he doesn't have anybody better to hang with. I'm just a placeholder until he finds somebody better. He's very good at talking to almost anybody, I'm amazed that he hasn't found anybody better yet. (Still not trying to make him look bad, as he is also amazing and I respect him very much.) 

As said before I'm in a single room so I don't have a roomate. My floor is very isolated. Nobody leaves their doors open and my RA is never to be found. I've gone to some callouts, however they only meet twice a month, so I don't know if I could make any long lasting relationships from that. I've thought about talking to a prefessional for this problem(and some minor other issues), but I feel like they wouldn't really care. They're paid to listen to people talk about their problems, why would they even care about mine? I feel like my childhood made me distrust people, like anybody would suddenly stop talking to me for no reason. 

Thank you for reading. This was about triple the length I wanted it to be. I've been a fan of this sub since the beginning and all of you are amazing people.