Don't be so quick to conclude that your single-hood is a testament to an inherent unlovable character flaw
I just wanted to share something I've observed. I've observed a lot of couples and spent some time with people in marriages and relationships etc and I've noticed they are all just human beings, with amazing attributes but also with some pretty obvious flaws. When I come on here I see a lot of posts on this sub where we are all always asking what is wrong with us in an attempt to understand why we're single. But have you actually paid attention to people in relationships enough to come to the conclusion that you can't find love and therefore it must be because you're too flawed to?

As an example, I know a woman through my school's program that we're both in. She is driven, a great conversationalist, and very loving of her husband. All great qualities. But she also loves to whine and complain a lot. And we all whine and complain but I never knew anyone could be so negative until I met this lady. She has complained to me about people in the program, people she's had very little interaction with. She has proclaimed to me during her rants that she thinks everyone in the program is stupid and sh'e smarter than everyone (except me she said of course ;) ). She has purposefully come up to me and the first things she sad was "Can you share some gossip with me about so and so?". etc etc. Eventually I began panicking when she'd call and text and I'm glad we are not in touch anymore even though I wish her well.  These characteristics, being negative, complaining, looking down on people etc are humongous red flags, I'd honestly not be very happy dating someone like this let alone marrying them. Yet she is in a wonderful loving marriage with a man who absolutely adores her.

What seeing people like these in relationships has taught me is that a lot of us are single because we are unlucky in dating, and that's just it. when I see posts of people trying to extrapolate why, blaming physical attributes, trying to see their character flaws etc it makes me a little sad because it's self hating but also it's just not reflective of reality. You just have not found your person yet and that is ok. Let's be patient and graceful with ourselves in this process.

TL/DR: Instead of asking "What's wrong with me" let's start being more realistic and less self-loathing and just understand that a lot o what comprises successful dating is luck and chance.