It doesn’t matter
Ok, so I was accepted to Vandy ED1 and have spent the last few months pulling hard for all my friends to hit their college acceptance goals. 

Last night my parents had a business dinner at our house.  My father’s firm does this quarterly, where about 25 employees and their spouses show up to one of the principles’ homes and the company brings in a caterer, etc. This was the first time it was at our place in a few years. 

Anyway, while it’s not the field I’d like to go into, my parents encouraged me to socialize during the cocktail hour. I’ve known a bunch of them for years, but now they were all asking where I was going to school, etc. Here’s the thing....These are all extremely successful businesspeople. Advanced in their fields, ranging from about 30-50 yrs old. As they asked me where I was attending, most also shared their alma maters.....

Everywhere. A few Ivy, a few other t20....and then a whole lot of “normal” quality schools. State schools, “party” schools, regional schools to where they grew up. At the end my mother and a guy who went to Penn were talking with me and I brought up the fact that the makeup was literally all over the map. He laughed. We all know this inherently, but he reiterated that outside of a very select few industries where you go to school isn’t particularly relevant once you hit the pavement of the real world. He pointed out a woman who went to community college for 2 years, then our state school to finish. Said she was the best negotiator in the company, and had a Stanford and a WashU grad reporting to her. He then made a point that they don’t particularly like to hire “elite” school interns. Said over the past decade or so, there has been a lower work ethic from them. He’d rather take the relationship they have with a few regional or state schools, get their best and brightest, and go from there. 

So....for everyone stressing about the prestige of schools you want to get into.....it legitimately doesn’t matter. It was really good for me to see that, because it reminded me that getting into the school I wanted to isn’t the end game. That comes in a few years when I capitalize on what I make of the next four years.