unemployed 3 years after college (frustrations)
I graduated in December of 2015 with a B.S. in Architecture, and the job search just hasn't been in my favor since. In the mean time, I've been constantly volunteering my time with free labor places, and have been tirelessly trying to learn more marketable skills to put on my resume and have been searching and searching for any sort of job. Everybody I know, my colleagues and friends and now my partner, all have these fancy high-class good-paying jobs, and making good names and careers out of themselves, it seems, and I'm still living with my parents frantic, nervous, and unable to get a job STILL. I'm at my wits end right now, and I'm starting year four of unemployment and I honestly don't know what else to do right now except to just sit here and keep applying. 

I've been out of any sort of workforce for so long, I have no clue how to even break into the job market after a period of unemployment like this. I am clueless. Is there a chance to recover from a three-year gap of unemployment after graduating college? I'm not sure how much my volunteering counts, and I'm not a student anymore to qualify for these internships, but I'm actually taking some classes at a community college right now, and absolutely hate it, but I don't have much else to do right now.

Another problem is that I'm a little lost in terms of career, too, so I'm looking for anything and everything right now. I might be looking in the wrong places since all these jobs listed are for assistants, clerks, technicians... It seems there is not a fit for me anywhere, but perhaps living in a smaller city isn't working in my favor. When I do get the occasional interview, I can't help but to tense up and be really nervous. Interviews are simply not my strongest point.

Being out of the job market for so long, I have no idea where to get help (if I need it), or where to turn to. Submitting resumes to staffing services doesn't even help even though others I know have had success with those agencies. I spend my days staring at the computer hoping something will happen, and nothing really has. Creating and designing and trying to get more portfolio pieces (and doing art stuff I like to do) seems like a bit of wasted time because it doesn't seem to be productive to me in terms of job searching. I don't know what else I can do, and I don't want to settle for just a cashier job, honestly... part of me thinks that's the most I will ever do, and the other half of me thinks I deserve a good job, but I don't feel very deserving after these long years of sitting around unemployed (I know I have a shit attitude, but therapy is expensive and I don't want to do that to my budget again).

Besides the occasional temp job I have had, I've never held any sort of real and long-term job before... I've always been under the impression that I've needed some fancy office job or some sort of professional job that I've never been able to get, and that makes me frustrated because I don't want to waste my existing artistic skills, and want to design and not be holed up inside a cubicle all day... I think. I probably have a really distorted view because I lack such experience, and it's really embarrassing because I'll be thirty in a few years...

**APOLOGIES.** This has turned into a rant, but I've been having such trouble and this has really been getting to my head more and more and more and it makes me want to hide from the world and maybe give up after I spend my days job searching and crying all the time. It's really hard to keep your head up when you cannot see the light at the end of the tunnel. Advice is welcome, but I'll re-iterate a few of my questions:

How does one break into the job market after a large gap of unemployment?

How do you keep your spirits (and your self-esteem and confidence) up when all your efforts seem to not work?

What are some interviewing tips for someone with bad social anxiety/how do you get over the nervousness??

Is the job market really this hard to break into (or is it just me... I'm sure it's just me)?

How are you supposed to get a good job with hardly any experience? What more can one do?

How do you properly use staffing services? (and is it worth it?)

What more can I do besides sitting at my computer applying to jobs? (whenever I go into places to inquire about jobs, they just refer me online instead)