Let's stop with the victim mentality in dating
I have been going on way more dates as a 25 Y/O woman and I've gained way more lessons and experiences in the last year than I did in all the 7 years before when I started dating guys. Something I've realized is that there seems to be a normalized victim mentality when it comes to dating and I think we need to collectively challenge  this. On this sub I see lots of posts about "I hate being dragged along" "If you don't like me romantically LET ME KNOW so I can move on" etc and all these posts basically enforce the idea that the power always has to lie in your romantic interest and not in you. Well I realized something recently: Our sole responsibility as individuals is to take care of ourselves and be happy period. It's not to figure out why our partner is withdrawing from us especially if they won't communicate like adults, whether they're interested, whether they're not. In dating situations I've found myself asking more about How they make me feel and whether I like it instead of whether I'm good enough for them and it's been life changing. When I was younger I would pine and wonder about a guy's interest now I only go for guys who are full on after me If I have to guess I'm out. I approach my life in general with an abundance mentality and I've noticed I'm getting more positive male attention this way. I always make it clear what I want and how I want to be treated. If I notice things are changing I ask about it once. After that I dip tf out and move on to the next or stay single, they can explain when they want but I'm out at that point. Don't accept long response times, late night only convos, disrespect, lack of clarity, feeling led on. This is the only soul and body you'll ever have. Why are you allowing anyone to do you the disservice of guessing and pining because they are not brave enough to let you go and are choosing to ghost? Take your power back, let yourself go.

EDIT: This post is not encouraging "selfishness" or "callousness". It's about integrity and self respect. If you know what's makes you happy then that's is what you should go after. I'm not saying "Walk away from anything as soon as a little problem arises". I'm saying notice it, communicate with your partner and both of you meet each other in a good middle. If they cannot work with you then with self respect, walk away. 

TL/DR: If a situation is not enriching you, bounce without pining for closure from the outside.