Rising seniors (and high schoolers in general), please don't do what I did.
I recently graduated and am matriculating at an good LAC (Claremont Mckenna) this year, but I wish I could go back and change how I treated myself during the college application process. I was able to reflect on and see how toxic I was *after* choosing my college and I had no more application stuff to worry about. For some context, I am a low-income student, went to a fairly competitive, affluent high school, and am a Questbridge Scholar.

Some things that I regret doing:

1. I *implore* you to not let the prestige of a college get to your head. It's especially hard if you use College Confidential a lot, I found. I only recently started going on A2C, and quickly saw that College Confidential is literally the most toxic place you can go to for admissions. Sure, it's helpful, but many people on that website drill into your head the what I like to call the "T20 or homelessness" mindset, which is absolutely absurd. There was a point where I was constantly comparing myself to my friends at school and isolated myself from people because I was so internally competitive. I had to start going to therapy again cause of this pressure, among other things. I quickly degenerated into thinking that I *had* to go to an Ivy League or else I wouldn't be successful.
2. This is sorta related to the first point, but don't look back on your failures during high school, thinking about the "what if"s. I did this *constantly,* because my school wasn't particularly good at supporting low-income students. For example, one had to pay tuition to do enrichment summer schools classes to advance in math/science/language or whatever. I couldn't afford it, so I ended up in Precalc honors my senior year while my friends were in AP Calculus. This small thing, combined with other stuff that I dwelled on, literally destroyed my self esteem. I began doing things I didn't even like just to make up for stuff like that. At one point, I was seriously considering self-studying for the AP Calc AB exam at the cost of my mental health.
3. When decisions start to come out, don't envy your friends that get into schools that you might not get into. Don't think "what did they do that *I* didn't?" Remember that there are literally so many factors that go into decisions, and it's probably not because they were the president of a club that you were the secretary of, or something superficial like that.

Things that you should keep in mind instead:

1. The perfect fit school for you might not be an Ivy League or another T20. Sure, they are great schools with wonderful programs. For example, when I applied to UPenn, I was stuck on the "why Penn" essay. Obviously this means that I didn't take the time to research the school, and was only applying because it's pReStigIous. I knew that in the back of my head, but I applied to every Ivy and T20 I could because I had the fee waiver. However, understand that prestige, although important, should not be the deciding factor for where to want to apply/go to. Yes, it would be nice to be able to say to your friends and family that you're going to Dartmouth and impress them, but at the end of the day, *you* have to be happy with the school *you're* going to. I chose CMC because of the resources, community, and learning environment there. I could have easily chosen a recognizable "sweatshirt" school I got into like USC or Cal, but CMC is where I know I will be happy. Imagine choosing a school solely for prestige, but is also a terrible fit for you; you'll be happy from the attention and praise you get, but once you step on campus, you'll be miserable for four years. Is that really worth it? 
2. Look at your failures and stuff that you missed out on doing as part of the journey. When I would dwell on stuff I missed out on doing in HS, I would think about "oh, maybe I would't have gotten rejected from XYZ if I did \_\_\_\_." The experiences you had forged who you are today.
3. The schools that your friends got into and the schools that you got into are the schools that are better fits for you. When my (now ex) girlfriend got into UVA and I got rejected, I was fuming. However, thinking back on it, UVA is totally the wrong fit for me.

I apologize for the text dump. This post wasn't meant to admonish people that want to apply to T20s, but rather, to advise them to apply there for the right reasons, not solely prestige. And be happy for wherever you choose to go! Going to college is a blessing in itself no matter where you choose to attend :). I chose my college, and am so glad it turned out that way, because it’s such a perfect fit for me, as opposed to one of the eight ivies I applied to.

Edit: wow this is my first big post on reddit. thank you for all the kind comments! however, i’m astonished at how rude some of these other comments have been :/