How do I get out of an abusive household with no money, no friends, no ID, no phone? (22F)
I'm almost 22 and I'm fucking done. I'm done being held hostage by my father, everything about my life controlled like I'm a prisoner. I'm done hearing how gay people deserve to be genocided. I'm done hearing how women deserve to be raped and confined in chains. I'm done being told to do impossible things like rip off the government(?? how) to bring money into a house, money that is supposed to go to a new house but instead gets spent for weed. I'm done hearing him degrade my mother and her just taking it. I'm done with my fucking low-functioning sociopathic half-brother who sets my father off and makes him abuse the rest of us once he loses it, including my poor dog. And of course, my brother gets anything he needs anyways, because he's male and worth more than me.

I've never worked. Never had a boyfriend in real life. Never had a real life friend since I was 11. I graduated high school online a year late with a GPA of 1.7 because he wouldn't let me study. I hurt or ghost everyone I get close to online because he cuts the internet and changes passwords every other day to keep me off so what's the point.

I need to get out. It's either I get out, soon, or I kill myself and hopefully take him with me beforehand, whether it be today or next week or next month. It's been looming for a while now, the urge. The only reason I haven't yet is because I didn't know how until recently, my life is THAT FUCKING CONTROLLED that I couldn't even kill myself. Hell, the fucking kitchen knives are so dull they can't even cut bread, let alone an artery. But I know how now. It came to me tonight, as he rages and calls people like me sick things that deserve to die and throws things and threatens to cut peoples throats. I have the resolve, I have the means. It doesn't even hurt to say it now. In fact, this is the first time I haven't cried all night, because I've accepted it.

I can't drive. No ID or money for a bus. I don't even know where my social security number is. There's no women's shelter, or any shelter, in this piece of shit town he confines us in. Hell, I probably wouldn't make it if there was, I'd be raped or abducted into human trafficking before I got there, that's the kind of place it is. I can't even call the police, no phone and they're known for being wifebeaters and raping girls up on the reservation anyways, they don't care about one girl.

Please, if anyone knows an out. I don't even want to post here, it's probably not the right place, I feel like a lost cause anyways. But I'm trying. I'm trying so fucking hard to hold on. 22 years is a long time to hold on. I'm so tired.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you for the replies. I'm going to try to sleep or distract myself on my main reddit since I most likely won't be able to rest. I just wanted to say I'll make it through the night (well, morning now) and get back to any new replies when I can tomorrow