You will always be able to tell if someone is into you by appling the " two knock method"

After being in sales, you'll  realize that sales is alot like the dating world.  In the end you're selling a product. If someone  is interested they will bite. If not  they'll  move on.

Either or you have to be in charge of you and realize the genius of you.

Just like sales I knocked from door to door which was "b2b". Grant it the job was shit, but I learned a valuable lesson. This lesson was when to move on and learn ehen someone  isn't interested.

So here comes the two knock method.

Two knocks just means two tries you give to the person to show their interests  in you. After two tries you feel and hear or see nothing you move on.

If on fb you add a girl and you don't  feel anything at first or she's  short give it a second chance. Odds are we're  human. Maybe she was busy or maybe she had somewhere to go. Nevertheless, within that first knock you feel around and gather atmosphere and how she responds to you. If it feels flat then she could be i to someone else and not you.

Second knock is most likely dealing with  hanging out. If she mentions she going somewhere and you wish to come along say hi or something  and she never gives a time its because shes not interested. You only need to ask one two times to hang out or date.  That is the maximum. If she doesnt dm you or text you a time she's  not into you. She's  dropping hints  that she'll  wish to go where she goes and she doesn't  want you around.

Take that hint. Ask her no more. Seek her no more. Contact her no more. If she shows interest from now on it's  her responsibility to find you. She most likely wont because just like in sales the customer will either bite what youre giving or slam the door in your face. 

Two knocks is all you give. When the door opens it will be effortless if not theyre not into what you're  selling. When you internalize that you'll  never have an issue with someone wasting your time because  they'll  never be able to.