The company won't get rid of this problem employee for some reason - why?
I'm about 1.5 months into a temp-to-hire position through an agency. I like the client company and have hit my minimum hours threshold to get hired on (250 hours). I started in one department and got moved over to another department (I guess you could say 'promoted' in a sense). I like everything about the job except for my team lead in that new department. My department has only two employees and the lead. She comes in bitter and in a dreadful mood every single morning. She always has an attitude all throughout the day and her moods flip from minute to minute all day long. One minute she's laughing and the next she's screaming and cussing at somebody. Most of the people in the entire place can't work with her and have before - they didn't last long around her and asked to be moved, citing that they can't work with her and she's too hard to get along with. A lot of temps have come and gone under her. I'm told that I have been there the longest. Most describe her as like working with the devil. She's double-minded, will tell you to do something one way one minute and the next she'll turn on you and tell you that it wasn't the right way. She will try to say that you shouldn't listen to what others tell you because they'll stab you in the back, but she actually will do the same thing. When she makes a mistake, she plays it off and blames others. If others make a mistake, she rants and cusses at them. You can hear her screaming all over the warehouse. She frequently says she doesn't care what other departments do, but she spends her entire day ranting about the lead in the department next to us and saying stuff like, "I wish she would shut up, I don't want to hear her voice."  She's petty for every little thing, ridiculously OCD and thinks she's better/smarter than everyone else. She frequently says that other people "don't have any common sense" and the stuff she does doesn't make sense most of the time. She does things her way and backwards. Half of her shelves are not labeled properly and she expects employees to go by memory. If they don't remember, she gets mad at them. I figure that she also keeps a grip on that department by acting like she's the only one who can do it. I'm told that she has been there for a couple of years and has previously worked in a number of other departments. She insists that others call her "queen" (I won't do it and a number of employees won't) even though that's obviously not her name. She convinced somebody to change her time clock name to that, as well. I'm not sure why even the managers call her by that nickname. She's a low-level team lead and on the bottom in regards to management.

We have a new employee and I have been trying to tell him stuff and show him stuff to train him. She doesn't want me to help him. Doesn't want me and him to talk at all, but she'll stand there and rattle her head off to people all day. If she sees us being happy or getting along, she tries to basically interrupt and break it up with her sourness. She is so petty that when I clocked out one day and was waiting for my ride in the break room, she thought she'd stand there in the break room and make sure that anyone else didn't say anything bad to me about her. I told her that I am my own person and I don't have time for that nonsense. She's just a huge mess. Not sure if she's bipolar or what.

Nobody seems to know the "why" as to why she is so hard to get along with. The kicker is that a lot of the employees who claim she's hard to work with and won't work with her - they want to date her/sleep with her. They leer at her and kind of make advances at her all day, yet at the same time act like she's an awful person to be around. One coworker literally told me that she's hard to get along with because she's not sleeping with a man. I find that very hard to believe. I know that she's dating a man who was fired a while back (he was my coworker and part of a few people associated with theft from the company).

I can't see any specific link to her and anyone in upper management. They "know" her as an employee, but I see nothing personal. She doesn't seem to be anyone's favorite, for instance. I don't know why they keep her. At the end of the day when we're done in our department, she is also so petty that she tries to keep us from helping out (for the overtime) in other departments. I would do it anyway because I need the money and she's no longer my team lead when we're done in our department. I have even seen her ranting at my manager and my manager's manager. I don't understand it. Why won't they get rid of her?

I discussed how hard she is to get along with with a couple of managers. One of them told me, "Yeah, queen...we've all tried to 'tame' her..." and acted like nobody could do anything with her. They're managers for crying out loud. Every other lead says the same, too. That she's hard to get along with and that they can't work with her. What would be the liability in this case? Are they scared of a lawsuit? Scared of her somehow? I see no dirt that she could have on anyone. I'm hoping to eventually move to another department. For now, I let her insults and such go in one ear and out of the other. When I ignore her and laugh, it seems to hurt her even more. She wants someone to argue with her, it seems. While doing your job, she'll say that you "missed" something in the area that you're in and you haven't even had a freaking chance to get it yet. It seems to be a bug tactic. She does that all day long. "You missed this, you missed that" to both me and my coworker. The last coworker stopped coming in to work.