My boyfriend is leaving for college, deep down I'm terrified history will repeat itself.
I've been dating my BF for 4 years, have an age difference of only a couple years, and have a very strong relationship. I absolutely see myself marrying him, raising a family with him, growing old and wrinkly and incontinent with him. The works. My family adores him, plans on him being an in-law, and I feel very welcomed and loved by his family as well. There are not enough good things I can say. 

That all being said, I have a nagging worry. When my BF first went off to college, he went to an exclusively engineering-centered college. Long story short, he hated it, got very depressed, and essentially flunked out. It probably didn't help that I'm going to a different school but am doing absolutely fantastic and love it. He's been nothing but supportive, but I can only imagine that it would be hard for him (I guess the mentality of, it seems so easy to her, why can't I do that?) 

Over the past year, he got back in touch with a great connection and is now pursuing a completely different degree. It won't be easy, but it plays into a part of his life he is very passionate about. Since being accepted and getting ready to leave (in just a few days!) he is acting similarly to the way he was when we first started dating. Very happy, more energy, even just a different look in his eye. This really helps me feel like he's in the right place, but I'm still scared. 

He says that what caused his downfall at the last school was that he'd either get bored with a class or confused or whatever and just stop showing up. He'd start gaming and just not go to class. He's got a lot more pressure now (everyone is keeping a closer eye on him, and not wanting to let the person down after they helped him get set up with the school), but I just hope that's enough.

I'm also afraid to tell him that there's a lot more at stake here than people being disappointed. He knows that my mom's "blessing" for us to marry is important to me...while she adores him, she has said in the past that if he can't, for lack of a nicer phrase, get his shit together, she personally feels that I shouldn't promise a future with him. I understand her reasoning, and while a marriage is so much more than a career or an income, her input has always been valuable and, honestly, spot on. 

Part of me doesn't want to talk to him about this because I don't want him to feel like we are anticipating him to fail or add more stress. But at the same time, I feel like this is a big deal and I kind of want reassurance from him. 

It's just been, you know, bothering me.