I live in constant fear, and I don't know how anyone doesn't.
I'm three months away from losing my health insurance when I turn 26 (not that I still haven't managed to rack up $4,000 in medical debt even *on* health insurance from ER visits and random shit). I live in fear that I'm going to have to pick between paying bills/loans and treating a bladder infection, choose wrong, and either end up incurring a few extra hundred in late fees and/or interest (on top of what I will have already spent at the doctor), or end up with kidney damage. (I get UTIs distressingly often, despite drinking tons of water and taking those cranberry pills, and I'm *not even sexually active* jesus fuck.) 

I don't know how *anybody* lives in the United States without constant pants-shitting fear that they're going to get sick and end up homeless, though I know I'm not alone in that regard. 

I have a dog. People would probably say, "In your financial position, you really shouldn't have a dog." But that dog's presence in my car has, occasionally, been the only reason I did not drive into the side of a building in a fit. He's a poodle I found at the pound (so no breeder to ask about family history), and seems to have stomach trouble. I can't take him to the vet until monday, but it seems his frequent burping is not actually an endearing trait, but indicative of something else wrong, especially paired with the occasional unexplained barfs. 

I don't mind spending money to help him; my student loans don't snuggle me at night, fuck those guys. If it ends up being some kind of chronic health problem that deteriorates his health, I don't know what I'm going to do. "That dog" and "it would make my mom sad" are the two reasons I haven't done something irrevocably stupid to myself. 

I make a little above minimum wage as a "web developer", full-time (hey, at least I have a job). I put it in quotes because "turning PSD designs into Wordpress websites" barely counts as a web developer to most and I realize I'd be nigh unemployable at my skill level anywhere else. It is not what my degree is in (I got halfway through student teaching before I realized I was *terrible* at it and it was in no way worth the massive stress to me) and I fear that even though I am *learning constantly*, there is no future in this for me. I fear being unable to support myself. Without this job, I am qualified to... wash dogs for groomers. And I am aware that minimum wage wouldn't even pay for an apartment (on top of the other expenses that I *have* to pay), let alone pay my loans back. 

I'm also facing down being 26 and moving back home just to pay back my shit. I am immensely grateful that I have the *ability* to, and recognize that I'd rather be the loser living at home paying debts down than that loser who got evicted and had to go live in her sedan, but *man* do I feel like I've failed. 

And then there's the caldera under Yellowstone. I can't even look at the midwest on a map without my heart rate shooting through the roof. Environmental degradation because more environmentally-friendly practices are just not economically viable for a lot of things. The fact that I will be in debt for a very, very long time and probably will rent until the day I die because I won't be able to do anything else. 

There's the fact that my body and brain are both too defective for military service which, though I *completely understand* why those standards are in place and recognize that I would not deal with that stress well, still makes me feel like a worthless sack of shit. 

I'm stressed that I have to plan a bachelorette party despite being *the worst at parties* and I fear having to talk to anyone over the phone to make reservations, because phones make my anxiety shoot through the roof. I feel like a shitty friend for letting it upset me so much.

Life is terrifying, I am terrible, and my two biggest anchors to reality (my mother and my dog) both have sketchy health. I physically feel like I can barely breathe right now. Aaand I can't afford to go back to the therapy that I know I need, hahaha fuck.