Why can't depression ever be gone forever?
Hi, sorry i still dunno how reddit work yet. I just joined and it's  my first time talking about such stuff online. I've been diagnosed  with depression and few other stuff few years ago and i had treatement and such until i felt better but whenever i got into an argument with family i could feel it crawl back in me. Up until now I've  been strong enough to overcome those small situations. And even tho i feel better most of the time i can feel it whenever i'm sort of reverting back to it. Like i start to go out less and less, i stop talking to people online and irl and answering the phone becomes a hard task.. then i start to distract myself by bingewatching shows so i don't leave space to thinking, i don't/can't sleep at night and i have a hard time remembering things i just did or dont realize I've done them. And i like  reading but it becomes hard like i can't focus and i end up skipping lines or read without remembering/understanding what i just read. The more i stay home the harder it is to get out. Anyway that's how i know shit is getting serious. Other than that i sometimes have a hard time swallowing food the doctor said it was anxiety a lack of magnesium and having supplements did help but anyway. Two days ago came back home i was in a good mood i brought sweets for everyone at home except i fould out novody was there. I have a kitten at home i brought it recently about two months ago. it's  5 months old and it still pees in the wrong spots when it's  far from its litter. The past few weeks it peed 3 times on my blanket and i had to take it get cleaned everytime. I barely got to use it so this time i had put it in a closed room so the cat cant get to it. But a cousin of mine opened the room to feed the cat there and my father had taken away the litter out of the room because that's  what he does .. whatever he likes basically. Anyway when i came back i found the door open and pee on the blanket that i had just taken out of from cleaning a night before and put aside away from the cat but there it was dirty again. I got mad. And i couldn't get angry at anyone. I felt like even when i did my best to avoid something it happened again. And i burst crying pretty dramatically.. i felt devastated. I mean i know it's a ridiculous way to react but i went from good day to worst day ever for a stupud reason in no time and i couldn't  stop laughing for a while. I guess i felt frustrated or idk but i kept muttering stuff and couldn't  stop crying. And when i calmed down about half an hour later i was worried i had reacted this way before when i wasn't  feeling well but i didn't think id react that way now. I thought everything was fine. Now i just don't know if i really am. The only reason i can think of as the source is that I'll be taking classes again after almost a year now I've failed my last high school year twice in the past when my depression  was really bad and after that and therapy i felt good enough to study again i stopped highschool  i chose a different institute i studied for two years and my grades were good for the two years ive been studyingi passed the final exam but half way through the end year project i just gave up. I don't  know if i can blame my mental health for it or if i just turned into a self sabotaging  person or just that it wasnt what i really wanted to do bur i was driven by the fact that i dont have a choice so i just did it. After that i stayed out of school for about a year doing half time jobs and now i want to try something different again. I'm  afraid that's  the cause but i don't  want it to be i just wanna finish what i start this time. This thing is already going on for too long. I'm  not sure what I'm  asking you here. But i guess i want an opinion or advice. I'm worried i can't tell when I'm  not ok until symptoms get physical and how am i supposed to deal with that.. what if it affects how i deal with stuff negatively  and I'll  only be aware of it when it's  too late. Anyway.. thanks for reading until the end i appreciate it.