Received one job offer but have another interview after the deadline, what should I do?
Job offer dilemma - any advice is appreciated!

So, good news - I received an amazing job offer from the company I interned for this summer (great pay, benefits, plus a foot in the door in the oil & gas industry, a field that I could see myself working in long-term), and the deadline to accept is October 4th. About a week and a half ago, I received a final round interview for another company, where they will be flying me out to OKC for three days for the interview starting October 16th. (I'm a senior ME student by the way).

Company 1: 

1) Had an amazing summer internship experience, really liked the work I did and the company culture.

2) Rotational Program - Living in 3 different cities for 3 years to experience different aspects of the company, really like this idea. Plus I could start my 1st rotation in the city I went to college in, which is appealing.

Company 2:

1) Comparable work to Company #1 (field engineering - lots of travel, etc.. which I like), but less work-life balance (24 hr on call, working on a rig, work holidays, etc..), and also has a sort of rotational program.

2) Starting pay seems to be a little more, than Company #1 (from what I've been able to find online).

3) Potential for international work - This is a big one, I've always wanted to work/live internationally for at least a few years, Company #1 is US only.

I thought about calling Company #1 to ask for an extension so I could explore all possible opportunities, but the same situation happened last summer, and it was denied, so the odds of getting an extension this time are low.  As this is my first full-time job out of school, I really wanted to be able to cover all possibilities so I could make the best decision for myself. What I've been thinking was to accept Company #1's offer, and still go on Company #2's interview - and if Company #2 ends up giving me a better or more attractive offer, to rescind my acceptance.

Does this course of action seem reasonable? I've had some friends do something like this in the past and it seems a bit shady when I think about it, but let me know your thoughts!

Thanks!

EDIT: Thank you all so much for your responses! After talking to my parents and advisor, I decided to accept Company #1’s offer! I’ll still be going on the interview, keeping in mind that I don’t want to burn any bridges even if I get a better offer!