I (F17) told my dad about my anxiety and got unexpected reaction
Posted it on r/relationship but got removed. The mods told me to post here instead.




English is not my first language so please neglect any mistakes. I've always suffered from mild depression and social anxiety. I'm sure my parents know of it because of my mental breakdowns and also because my dad is a doctor himself. I love my parents but they are just too busy with their life and profession. They're hardly even home. They've remained uninvolved in most of life.


So this happened a few weeks back. I was really troubled because of school, couldn't sleep and was having a meltdown. I don't know what came over me but I went ahead and woke my dad. I asked him to come to the living room while sobbing. As soon as we sat on the couch, I poured my heart out to him. He didn't say anything. Except a few "hmm"s and nods. Lastly he calmly asked me if I would like to meet a friend of his ( he didn't directly say a therapist ). He then went ahead to tell me that my illness is valid and seeking help won't deem me as "crazy". I refused and went to sleep.

The next morning as usual my parents were not home but my lil brother (M13) was there. He asked me if I had talked to Dad about something. I acted confused. He then started crying and telling me that I should have told him if I was suffering so much. I calmed him down (which took quite a while) and afterwards he told me that mom and dad were talking about me. Dad told mum to make sure that the environment of our home was a happy place for me and they were planning to make time for me/family by taking some time off. 

I've never ever felt such love from any thing or person. I'm so so blessed. I'm just so thankful for my family. I feel like I can endure anything. I just wish I would have leaned on my family for support earlier. Please everyone if you're suffering, reach out to your loved ones. It can make a world of difference, I promise!



tl;dr - reached out to my dad and got unexpected support and love from family ❤️

&nbsp;


**Edit** : Thank you so much to everyone for taking the time to write a beautiful comment! I am really blessed and I'll never forget that! I hope  my story encourages you to reach out to people. You're not alone. Again, thank you so much :)