my backpack predicted the end of high school!
Just thought I'd share this (kind of) cool story with this sub, you guys have all been so helpful to me! When I was in the seventh grade my mom bought me a backpack after my previous one had ripped. Now I was beyond excited to have this backpack as it was the kind that had so many pockets you forgot where they all were and whistle that you could blow on if you ever found yourself lost in the woods and nice reflective patches that glowed under the street lamps when you made your daily walk to the bus stop. I had become very attached to this backpack over the years, not just because of its physical attributes, but also because it remained the only reliable thing in my life. This backpack was there for me when I got bullied by the mean boys on the back of the bus for not being good enough, it was there when I had rushed to the hospital after school to find that my younger sibling was diagnosed with brain cancer, it was there when I started high school, it was there when I had lunch alone in the bathroom stalls, it was there when I threw up on the kid in front of me's head waiting in line, and it was there for so many tiny, but life-defining experiences. Though a month and a half ago as I was walking, I felt something round hit the back of my leg. I looked down and found the mandarin orange I had thrown in my backpack earlier that morning. After further inspection, I was distraught to find a big, threads hanging, completely irreparable hole at the bottom of my backpack. I called customer service, then the store I had bought it from, only to find that there was nothing I could do. My backpack couldn't be saved and I would have to finish the last 3 months of highschool using a tote bag or whatever else I could find. I had hoped to end my academic journey thus far with this backpack, do the kind of symbolic send-off that only happens in feel-good paperbacks. Three days later school was canceled because of COVID-19, and two days ago I was informed that school would be closed for the end of the year, marking the official end of my high school career. I just found it kind of oddly sweet, a little nod from the universe, the "death" of my backpack almost directly coincided with the "death" of highschool for me (and for all of us). I don't know if I'm reaching and maybe it's just a simple coincidence, but I just felt compelled to share the nice story of my oracle backpack amidst everything that's going on. I hope everyone's doing well :)

Edit: wow I did not expect my first ever post on reddit to get so many positive comments, you make my heart warm <3 you guys are all so sweet and wonderful and I could not have gotten into college without your help. I'll miss you all! (even though all I did was lurk). icons! all of you.