I wrote a bit of a poem about self-doubt. My therapist advised that I share it.
I'm scared! I shout, to no one

I'm hurting but what if it isn't real? 

There is a duality to the doubt I feel, 

Outward initially, then turned inside - 

Did this even happen? Do I see this right?
 
Can I trust my mind?

Is my memory real or is it defined

by my own narrative?

Of course it is.

Then how do I believe it? How do I know it's true?

If this is just in my head then what do I do?

Am I everything I hate, defined? 

As bad as those I strike down in my mind? 

The jury is out and it seems almost unanimous, 

But what if the crime was committed by one of us? 

The judge is scornful and asks with derision, 

Are you even capable to make this decision?

After all, you wrote your own dialogue. 

Internal monologue, set thrusters to overdrive. 

Constantly in fight or flight, zoom in, analyse. 

Please give me some peace. 

Peace comes to the dead.

I don't want to be die,

But perhaps it might be nice 

To have a rest.

Why can I see so many things?

Not a hallucination, that's not what this is.

It's a sight I can't see with my eyes.

The connections, the links, the things that make my heart stop.

They're not visual but they exist.

They exist in my mind, and my mind alone.

I state them aloud and in pours the doubt. 

I made this.

I have created something, what is it?

Oh, it's anxiety. Hello. 

Sit with me a while. 

Am I propogating my own downfall?

This person is hurting me, let me tell you.

This is all the things that they do;

It doesn't sound bad enough. 

It sounds petty, pathetic, petulent and pitiful, 

Not like it should cause the pain that I go through. 

Yes, I'm being negatively affected by external factors,

But I'm the one processing them.

Am I doing this right?

Is this okay?

Am I validated for feeling this way?

Did I put myself in the wrong situations,

Or have I convinced myself they're bad?

Would things be fine if I saw this differently?

Paint on a smile, adopt positivity, 

Or is that accepting less than I deserve?

What do I deserve anyway?

Decency. Respect. Honesty.

Love, maybe.

But why? 

Do I give these to others?

Can I?

The main point of contention -

Is everything I know just an invention?

We're judged on our action and not our intention.

I'll never see how another sees me, 

So how will I ever truly rest easy. 

Would people be honest? Am I?

You get back what you put into the world.

Did I put this out? Is this projection?

Is this a narrative for my own protection?

I don't feel very safe.

Have I made myself a victim?

Or did other people harm me?

Did they shatter the glass, or did I?

Pandora had hope in her box of demons.

I wonder if doubt always sat on it's shoulder, 

Nesting, infecting, and spilling all over? 

Will things get better, is this just situational?

Are they too broken or too confrontational? 

Or maybe, just maybe, it's me.

I'm always the common denominator, see. 

Am I putting myself in punishing places?

Seeing the lies behind smiling faces? 

Or have I just framed it that way? 

Everything bad happens to me.

Does it really?

I'm resilient. I get through.

Look at everything I've had to do.

I'll tell you, but it's from my point of view.

So how do we know even know if its true?

What would you say? And would I believe you? 

Where do I go when I can't accept my own truth, but can't accept another either?

I view everything I perceive through a fear being
deceived. 

Can any of us be believed? 

I don't trust because I don't want to be wrong.

But then I can't trust myself. 

What if I'm the one with the big bag of tricks?

Pull the wool over my own eyes.

Fill my mind with my own-brand lies.

Is there respite? 

Is there relief? 

Whats the cure? 

Is it self belief? 

How do I believe what I know can't be fact? 

How is everyone else maintaining that act? 

Am I alone?

I feel alone, I whisper, to no one.

[Edit: thank you for comments. It's good to hear this made you feel seen. And thank you to the anonymous Gold and Platinum givers 😭 so much appreciation for you all. We're not as alone as we feel, it seems.]