My online job hunting routine
I just finished my second round of successful job hunting in the last few years and thought I would assemble what I know that might help others.  This is not THE WAY by any means, simply what worked for me.  A bit of warning up front: I use a Mac and recommend several paid applications.  I am sure there are free options or comparable Windows options but these are what I know and use.

Job hunting is not a marathon, marathons have a fixed length, this is a series of tests like the trials of Hercules and you will be frustrated until you pass them all in a row and win a job.  Or keep sucking at one part of job hunting and wait for someone with bad judgment to pass you to the next test.  The tests are as follows:

0. Have done something in your life to prepare you for the job.  I cannot help you with this.  Often an effective personal narrative is what bridges the gap between your experience and the job requirements in the minds the hiring people.  This is the ‘elevator pitch’ that is the way you tell your own story in a minute or two.  

1. Have a clear, professional, error free resume. 
There is loads of stuff out there on this.  Read some but do not believe any source 100%.  Use any university or public resource you can, have other people read your resume.  If you are willing to move but are not aiming for jobs that will pay for relocation, find an address local to the job you are applying for and use that in the application process.  This is what friends are for and no one will remember the address on your resume when you get the job. 

2. Have a decent cover letter that does not make you sound desperate, bitter, illiterate, or like a robot.
This is not the place to hit a home run.  Just do not screw it up, sound like a literate person, express interest, and do not regurgitate your resume.  The closest I get to the resume thing is a sentence that frames my experience and how I could be a good fit for the job. For example, “I believe my experience, passion, and knowledge would enable me to quickly make a valuable contribution to —- given the opportunity.”  Just looking at that sentence makes me want to throw up but I got a phone interview with that.  No one expects cover letters to be great.  No contractions, no overly personal information(I overcame a crappy mom, etc).  80% of my cover letter is the same every time but I work on a unique sentence or two for each one. 

3. Pass the google search that will happen when a human being sees your resume and wants to know more. 
Your online presence is important. 
My contact info on my resume is: myfirstname.mylastname@gmail.com.  Use something like that with a password used ONLY for this email.  I have an uncommon last name so I can have a cool email but any reference in the first two pages of google refer to me.  So…
 Google yourself.  If your tumblr where you reblog nsfw stuff pops up change your name on tumblr immediately. It is not hard to push bad stuff down the google list by changing your name on those sites or joining sites like twitter, meetup, linkedIn, google+ or the like and only doing/following things that make you look like an active interesting person engaged in your chosen profession.  These big social media sites will dominate your google search quickly.  People like hiring fun people but they get blamed for hiring unprofessional people so do not be someone who reminds them of that guy they had to fire.
Also google your name + your current town.  This is stuff managers do.  If you have something interesting to say or show don’t put it on Facebook, get squarespace and make a website.  You can also get an email address from them so make that your job-hunt email.  If all you want is a blog or portfolio the default setting look pretty good and it makes you look better than people who only exist on Facebook.  These kinds of activities are good ideas, they can actually make you a more networked, engaged person and also make the job of finding a job a bit more creative than sweating over cover letters for weeks or months on end. 

4. Sound like someone who a real person would want to hire on the phone.  
Please remember that starting now, The person you are talking to wants you to succeed.  For some this is the easy part, for others a source of terror.  I do not have a lot of advice but there is a lot of info out there about this.  
 Study the job/interviewer/company as much as possible before hand.  Ask some interesting questions.  Take notes and do not be afraid to ask the other person for a moment to write down something.  It shows a professional interest. 
Treat your body like you are about to do something athletic; eat but not just before; be hydrated, have coffee or whatever you like that is a mild stimulant, stand up and walk around while talking.  Be in the moment having a conversation with a person who wants to like you.    

5. Present in person like you were on the phone  
There is all kinds of info out there on this.  I cared too much on my first few of these and screwed it up badly.  Later, after a 10 month search I got two offers in the same week and in both my internal attitude was like [this guy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtwXlIwozog).  On the outside I was acting the pleasant guy at the fancy party, easygoing, engaged but not expecting anything to come of it.  People feel need and it is not attractive.  
Again, everyone you meet who has a say in the matter wants you to succeed.  

6.  Miscellaneous other hoops(drug test etc).  
I have only had to do this once.  No advice really, just be ready.  People like to say yes but corporations like to say no and drugs are an easy no.  

7.  Don’t get screwed over in the process. 
Passing number eight is, frankly, optional.  
I cannot speak to your situation but I hope you do not let desperation dictate your actions. 
If you feel truly desperate you are like a drunk chick alone at a party, you might get home safe but you will be a magnet for predators.  Sooner or later bad things will happen.    
Another way to get screwed is ID theft.  If you are putting your personal info on dozens of websites and using the same password on all of them then God help you.  If you are using the same password for the email you are giving these websites and have anything involving money going to that email you are beyond God’s help.  
1Password is a great tool that will save your bacon in this.  It remembers passwords, It generates strong passwords, it autofills online resumes.  You use condoms right?  This is a condom for the internet.  You are sticking your very personal info in all kinds of strange places in a job hunt and you need protection.  I Use a password manager to make a very strong password for my job-hunt email.  I do the same for any password on any company or job hunting site I use.  That way every password I put out there is unique and will not compromise my email.  
      
A few other things I do during all this…
I use Scrivener to collect everything I know about a company/job/process.  I print webpages, job ads, and emails to pdfs and store them together so if the website changes or the job ad goes away I have it.  I also put any notes from interviews there.  I date everything in there using textExpander so when a company I forgot about calls me back 3 months later I know what I told them and what they told me.  This is also my todo list as I know which ones I applied to and which ones I forgot about.  There are some cheaper alternatives to this like nvAlt, evernote, or even a job-hunt folder.  This also helps me keep all my cover letters so when I get stuck I can go back and borrow a sentence or two. 
The night before a physical interview I look at it all and note anything interesting.  People are impressed if you notice the job add changed from a month ago.  
TextExpander is a great tool that lets you make abbreviations for common bits of text.  For instance, when I type ddate into a text field it turns into September 2, 2013(for example).  You can whip out a good cover letter by making 5-10 good sentences into their own TextExpander snippets and arrange them in the order you like.  For instance, I might set the abbreviation pplease to expand into “Please consider the enclosed resume for the position of — as advertised on the — website.”  A few more of those, a real sentence or two thrown in and you have a nice, non-crazy cover letter.  This is not needed, but it is what I do.  I also use textExpander to date the files in my Scrivener project.  These are the tricks that make me not look absent minded.  
A big piece of all this is to not present as a bitter desperate person.  The only way I know to do this is to not be bitter or desperate.  Again this is what worked for me.  I focus for 1-3 hours a day on job-hunt work, more if I feel like it, but then care for myself in whatever way I can for the rest of the day.  I think of it as maintaining the machine that will one day be ready to pass a personal interview, the version of me that other people want to be around.  I walk the dogs, play games, exercise, read, etc.  A lot of people, myself included, can spiral into themselves and stew in their own sense of failure.  Think Gollum.  Would Gollum pass a phone interview with the ring bearer?  Not likely.  Not becoming bitter or desperate is the hardest part for me, maybe for most.  It gets better.  We live in screwed up times and you are not alone in this.  

Tldr. Job hunting is not a marathon, marathons have a fixed length. This is a series of tests and you will be frustrated until you pass them all in a row and win a job.  I do not expect anyone to do everything I do. I have a good system that works for me and offer any bit of it that helps.