Leaving Student Affairs... advice?
I'm a fairly young professional. I have about five years of experience in student affairs and higher ed admin, and I want to leave. I have my undergrad degree in psychology and a minor in communications. I have a M.Ed in Higher Ed Administration. 

I try to stay positive here, but my time in higher education has been pretty miserable. I never secured roles in the departments I wanted, I've gone to a number of professional development events and conferences, I utilized my University's career development program, and it gets me nowhere. I've asked colleagues for advice and it usually isn't helpful. Either they contradict each other or they give empty advice like " this role is only temporary" or "it will happen." Meanwhile, I'm stuck at a job where 75% of my work shouldn't even require a Bachelor's degree. I'm worn out from the constant e-mail and phone interruptions. So, I've decided I'm done. It's not that I've given up hope in finding a better job in higher ed, it's that I no longer find it appealing.

In this process, I've come to realize that the things that appealed to me in higher education are present in other fields. Things like training and development, project assessment, and out of classroom learning. I have also found that the interactions I do have with students are far less meaningful than expected and I work well independently or with less interaction with people. I'd love to find a role in either digital marketing or a training-related role. I'm hopeful these role will appeal to me more and give me more job satisfaction.

For anyone in student affairs, do you have advice for making this type of transition? Or do you have a colleague who made a similar transition? I'd love to know what they found successful and helped things move along. I keep applying for jobs and putting myself out there and I get nothing. It's hard to reach the realization that my master's degree didn't lead to career development and it seems my past couple of roles have given me few marketable skills. But, it's time to move past that and work toward the next goal. Any advice is appreciated.