I've gotten to the point where I cant figure out what I actually do for a living anymore?
To help understand how I got to this point, and where my confusion lies: I'm 31F, and I have a trade certificate in Drafting, no degrees because I'm dyslexic (I do want to try again). I also have no experience outside of the company I work for. 

I started in a small company that has grown about eight years ago as an intern, working in the design department and call center.  Over the next few years, I became a drafting and sales assistant. I then focused solely on Drafting. I developed the drawing office around the companies needs. After about 3 years, I found myself in the position of drawing office manager, out of ease more than ability probably. I was allowed to hire a couple of intern draftsmen, and they became so capable that I started to have a crazy amount of free time. 

I started providing illustrations, and renders to our marketing department as they were looking for a freelancer to do this, I taught myself using freeware, without costing the company anything. The technical guides at the time were elementary, so I started creating documents and illustrating them to help sell our products more effectively. The CEO started using me for his own projects, and I started communicating with suppliers and assisting with developing products offshore. I stopped drafting entirely and had to hand over the drawing office to someone else.

After about 5 years in the company, I was promoted to a product manager, and given a specific line of products. The only other person assisting with this was one of the executive's very capable cousins. About 2 years ago, we hired an R&D manager, who happened to be the sister of one of the Executives. We get on like a house on fire, and she had several years of corporate experience, a masters in her field and helped me polish up professionally. She has somehow become my unofficial manager, though none of the higher-ups wants to say it out loud. I'm happy with it, the entire department runs smoothly owing to her.

The problem lies in that we are under-resourced. It's just the cousin, manager and myself as well as a few strategically placed offshore colleagues.  They keep threatening to hire more people but never do. My manager started using me for product design and rapid prototyping owing to my history with drafting skills, adding to my workload. Then she tackled the technical documentation process, and I suddenly became the liaison between our department and marketing, developing these documents. Including outlining the content, writing, illustrating, researching, data collection and sorting. She edits and we have a back and forth over the document until its ready to send to marketing.

So now I'm managing and developing a product line. I'm designing products outside of that product-line, providing technical support and writing as discussed above, and after all that, my pay-slip actually says R&D manager.  The only thing I don't do other than editing is manage budgets, which the CEO does himself.

So what am I? A Product Manager? R&D manager? Or am I really a Product designer? Maybe a Technical writer and illustrator? By trade, I'm a Draftsman. Do they fall under some all encompassing job title. Do Product managers or R&D managers usually do this stuff? 

A job title seems like such a small thing, but I want to go back to university, it is not going to happen with the workload. I also want to renegotiate my salary. Not because I necessarily want more money (which I do!), but because I if they keep getting the milk for free, why buy more cows?  I adore my job, but my current salary is along the lines of a mid-level draftsman, which doesn't reflect my (perceived) value to the company or based on my official job titles, regardless of the qualifications.  Can I even make comparisons given that this all is so dependent on the niche I've created for myself within the company? And the company has done so much for me as well but after 8 years, at what stage do I stop paying it forward to them and start focusing on myself without been ungrateful?  If I could just figure it out.

Thanks.