I have made a huge mistake and switched to a new company mid-pandemic. I hate it. What should I do?
A few months ago I was contacted by a head hunter for a job with a much higher salary in a very prominente company, better benefits and lots of flexibility.  
At this point, I was employed for 2,5 years in a fairly good company, which had its problems, but I could deal with them. They didn't pay very well, though, but I had lots of flexibility, a great team and super interesting projects.  
At the same time I was contacted by this head hunter, I was going through the selection process to my dream job and I had made it until the last phase where it was just me or another person.    
So, I had 2 very good opportunities on the table: my dream job and the other job which was better. I decided it was safe to quit.  
As you may imagine, I was not selected for my dream job. So I was left with a very good job offer, which was ok for me. I took it and here I am, 2 months later.  
My mistake was that I was so convinced I was going to get the dream job that I didn't pay attention to the signs in my interactions with my current employer that this was bad, nor did I dedicate any effort to get to know a bit more of the company.   
This new company is absolutely the worst. They literally lied in the interviews about the company’s working culture, their stance about flexibility and even about some aspects of my contract.  
I got in the company in the middle of a HUGE crisis where I immediately took a ton of responsibility and I felt it would not be correct for my colleagues if I quit during my experience period and leave them with all of this by themselves. 2 of them are really great, one of them actually quit last week. The company has a huge turnover, as you can imagine.  
I am finding out more and more horrific things about this company every day. My boss is a hypocrite, liar, has no empathy, treats women poorly, and everything revolves around him and how brilliant he is. Overall a sick narcissist. Last year alone, 2 people had burnouts and 1 had a stroke after working 4 days without sleeping.  
I worked 2 national holidays and 1 full weekend, plus a million extra hours for an event, which I would not do in a normal situation, but everything was very badly managed and if I didn’t, nothing would work. The day after the event I was told we could take one day off (which is not enough either way), so I took it, but apparently it just meant that instead of arriving at 9:30 I could arrive at 10:00. And this is not even a joke or me exaggerating.  
I’m not going to rant anymore, but many other very horrible things have happened and I honestly don’t know what to do. There should be an economic crisis coming up and I’m not sure I can just quit without anything lined-up. I don’t want to be unemployed when it hits. I have applied to 3 jobs so far that I’m waiting for an answer. 1 of them with people I know and who really appreciate my job, another one for a position that I’m 100% qualified, and another one that actually I will not take at all even if I’m selected because it is not very interesting. In addition, I have a volunteer project writing articles in my area for a think tank and I would like to take a programming bootcamp.  
I was absolutely naïve and I didn’t even make an effort to try to research about them, I know this is my fault. I never thought this was ever a possible scenario. But I just feel that coming here every day is doing a number on my mental health. I absolutely HATE being here and I’m actually scared that they can screw up my career if I stay longer. I’ve heard stories.  
Should I just quit? Should I suck it up and train my resilience skills?   
  
Edit: format