A short(ish) guide on showering
  A short(ish) guide on showering. I have marked this post as not safe for work because I talk about my ass a lot. Thanks to everyone who takes the time to read.

Ah yes, personal hygiene, the bane and all consuming nightmare for anyone who cannot bring themselves out of bed. We as people try to bribe ourselves, if you get up and have a shower then you will feel better, but that bed is so comfortable, and its not like you’re going anywhere, why should you have to shower? The biggest reason I can think of is because its very very very simple. 

Because it makes YOU feel better.

We still get up to pee, what’s so hard about having a shower? Well when I say "everything" people usually laugh. The idea of taking off the pyjamas you haven’t washed or changed in give or take a week is like peeling back the layers of your failure onion, looking at your matted crusty greasy hair is like looking straight into your birdnest of shame. Trying to even attempt to trim the hair on your face, or armpits, or where have you feels like you’re battling a particularly stinky yeti that tells you that you suck. Noticing you still have mascara goop in your eye from that one day you put in effort is like a glaring unhygienic reminder of how completely worthless you feel. You feel vulnerable, naked, figuratively and literally. 

And then there’s the smell, as someone who has gone for weeks without showering I can tell you that the human body is not a garden, it’s a waste disposal centre of epic proportions. You smell from everywhere, and your butt cheeks feel like they’re kind of glued to each other. And when you finally get to that point where you are ready to turn on the shower and you step under, it’s like you’re a snake, shedding your own skin. And the water washing off you is definitely not the right colour. So why the gruesome picture you may ask? Because it’s a reality for so many people, and it perfectly illustrates why depression isn’t a simple quick fix, it’s a years long battle. The idea of your ass smelling and your sheets having a skin imprint on them is so completely unpleasant, even to me as someone who has been there. it perfectly illustrates just how strong the hold is on people who are fundamentally good people. How strong the shackles on our minds can be. 

So what about this guide, you’ve personally illustrated very well what its like to not shower, how can I get to showering? The answer is hard to do in the real world but its so simple to write down: do the minimal effort and get the maximal pay off. You start small, ridiculously small. Pick a body part, even if its washing your hands after you pee instead of walking to your fridge and then crashing back into bed. If that’s too much then trim your finger nails, hell, trim one finger nail,. Every single goddamn day. When that doesn’t feel like a gargantuan task of epic proportions that makes you want to cry at the thought of it, then add a finger nail, or fuck, do one and a half if two feels too much. I started, by washing my genitals. For smell related reasons, obviously. I didn’t shave, I didn’t do anything fancy, just some ph neutral soap and a bidet, that’s all, the main reason I did this was because I went to the bathroom every day and that involved putting my pants down, it seemed like an easy place to start. And I did it, for about a week, and then I stopped doing it for a day and it made me cry because look at you, you layered dirty onion of shame and disgust why cant you even wash your own ass, what are you? A fucking baby, cant even do that one fucking thing, you piece of shit. 

That’s what happens, and I’m sure it might happen to you, and you’ll crash into bed and resume whatever you were mindlessly watching as you hope your over rested, creaky, aching body will just fall asleep again even though you slept for 16 hours. It will happen, and my advice is:

Tell yourself to that what you didnt do is okay. Dont excuse yourself, but realise that failure is not a curse word, its a reality of life. That’s how depression is combatted and it is a fight, but instead of you murdering the crazy 88s like the badass you are, you’re in a room with yourself, no lucy liu, no gogo. Just you and your head. And instead of a hanzo sword you have to fight your own brain that is biologically programmed to tell you you’re a piece of shit. And its hard, its hard to fight that voice in your head. But you know what wasnt hard for me? washing my ass, I made it as easy as i could for myself, and after that one time i kept doing it, because i told myself that it was okay to fail, to strive to be better.

I know the follow up is “I’m so depressed I don’t even care if I smell, I don’t care if people see me like this, I don’t care if I die from ass stank induced shock”. I’ve been there myself. And these depression guides seem to gloss over the fact that even the simple act of caring can seem like an impossibility. Here’s what I found out: caring as a depressed person isn’t there, it has to be created. A lot of the times people will ask a depressed individual to choose something they care about and then “do it for them” comes out. But it doesn’t work like that. You have to do it, and the caring will come later. You have to in a sense rewire your brain. I don’t wash my ass because I love my parents and don’t want them to be disappointed. I wash my ass because I like my ass to be clean, and smell decent, I didn’t care what it smelled like when I started, but I started caring because when I went to pee, I wasn’t greeted by a horrible smell and a constant reminder of my failure as a human being, because hey you know what brain, its okay, I cleaned my ass, and even though I did nothing else, I still cleaned my ass and that’s more than I did before. And I can say I am proud of it.

Consider for a moment that your brain, or rather the imbalance within them are trying to make you do all these things you don’t really like, and on top of that this imbalance is also making you not care about the inability of doing these things. That’s the part you have to say fuck you to.

Wash your ass, start with something small (or in my case big, get it, I’m saying my ass is big haha, I’m so funny). And the caring will come, and after the ass, you can move on to washing your hair, or brushing your teeth, or even just trimming a fingernail, or drinking one single cup of water, the caring will come later. And when you do wash your ass, be nice to yourself. 

Here I will help you, for when you have done the one hygienic thing:

An achievement to ….:

Hereby I wish to say that …………………………. Partook in an act of personal hygiene, an achievement that should not be overlooked, a wondrous day for mankind. She or he took the time to perform this task, even though it probably sucked and no one is more proud of her or him than I. It is with great pride and pleasure that I say that this act of personal hygiene is something we collectively, as a society should be proud of and no one should be more proud than the person reading this, who took the time to perform this task.

That probably came off as sarcastic and petulant, but the message is there, Don’t punish yourself for doing something, that in my experience is the best way to break your cycle. Because its so easy to go “yeah you did one thing, but look at all these other things you suck at, look at this bed, look at this house, why is the pizza box moving, because of you, asshole”. You have to stop it. I’m not saying you need to build a parade every time you wash your hair, but you also shouldn’t be tearing yourself down for it, you did something that feels so big and so difficult that you cant do it every day, and that is an achievement.

Take the time to feel pride for your smallest accomplishments, allow yourself to feel okay about something. And even if you cant bring yourself to say good job to you, be neutral. Its okay to just say okay and try again. 

Thank you for taking the time to read this, it was way more ass talk than I intended and isnt exactly short, but I hope it got my point across. I hope you have an okay day.