My friend wants to do a school shooting and is obssessed with the columbine killers.
Hello , for personal reasons i won't say his name . Here is the thing. I've met this guy for a bit more than a year now , and we grew really close , close as best friends. He learned that i was interested in crimes ( as i love to LEARN about the mental state and all since i wish to be a psycological student ) and he told me that he wished to do a school shooting. He already planned it when he was still in high school , he is now 21 ( i am soon to be 18 ) and not long ago he told me : give me less than a year and i will do it ( the shooting ) . He recently got some real guns .. I al afraid and don't know what to do. But more over , he was in love with me. But obssesively in love with me , scarily in love with me . I then tried to avoid him as i am no longer single . I never gave him mixed signals or anything. And lately he "lost" all his memories and doesn't remember me. I haven't seen him since , but as we have common friends i still hear about him , and he still wants to do a school shooting. I really don't know what to do , as i really care for him and still think of him as a great friend , but i am quite stressed out and lost.. Please help me ( ps: i live in france )
UPDATE: I finally gathered the courage to talk about to a school staff. They called a security agent ( who is also a police officer) and they're going to take care of it and keep me updated about it. I soon have to meet this agent to see what she can do , and if she thinks i need protection or something. Thank you guys for  all the usefull advices . I'll keep you updated.

Update:
It's been almost a year now, and here's what happened.
I went to the police station and pleaded against him. he was arrested for over a week and his name is in the police's files as potential terrorist . 
I've talked to him once after that but stopped as it made my "trauma" worst.

All I know is that now he hates me , but still talks about me a. lot to an old friend of mine ( both of them meet at a club and talk about me) or at least that's what the old friend told me.
I've seen him around town , and he sent me death glares, but I guess it is expected.
I don't know where he is mentally but , I know he saw/ still see (?) a psychiatrist, which can only be good , right ?

anyways , even after all this time I still think about it and it makes me feel bad . Thank you for your support, It means a lot .