Where the hell has my motivation gone ??? (Possibly struggling with depression)
In regards to the depression and before I launch into my rant, I was diagnosed with depression when I was 13 after suicide attempts and self-harming. I took medication for 6 months but haven't since. (Now 24...)

Last year, I was in New York, studying for my Master's degree. I had a part-time job, a social life, it was stressful, but I managed. I cleaned my apartment regularly, I cooked myself healthy dinners, I went to yoga once week. I liked my life, even if there times then that I wasn't so happy since I was away from my friends and family in Texas. 

This year, or at least since I got back to Texas in July 2014, I feel like my life has been a mess. Most of my friends didn't even notice I was back in the state, my parents decided that as soon as I found a job, they were going to move to Florida. I did end up finding a job, 40 minutes away from my hometown, to which my parents quickly rushed me into an apartment 10 min away from the job so they could move. Nobody comes up here, I hardly ever make the drive to see anyone. I work 9-6, usually later, Mon-Fri. A majority of my friends are working part-time jobs to fit with their university schedules and therefore aren't off on weekends.  

Because I end up working late, I usually eat something crappy for dinner, I don't take my time to cook, so I just throw together whatever (frozen food or the like). I don't do yoga anymore. I tried to get into running with coworkers during lunch, but ankles were burning since I haven't been doing physical activity of any kind. So I"ve stopped for the time being lest I hurt myself. My weight's gone up, my clothes aren't fitting right and I hate it.  

The icing on the cake is that I'm in love with someone who is over 5,000 miles away. I'm ecstatic he's visiting soon so I won't be alone and have someone to motivate me into being cleaner and cooking more. But I feel like I shouldn't have to rely on him to motivate me, since I did it all before... Sometimes I get angry with him because the quality of our video chats goes to shit, if I'm stressed out I'll lose my patience and take it out on him.  

Thanks to my year in New York, I have around 45k in debt. It's another source of anxiety for me, but I can't seem to stick to a budget. I've looked at personalfinance but I can't stay motivated or cut the impulse spending. I guess it doesn't help I changed my payment plan and the payment is lower so I think I can "afford" random stuff I probably don't need. 

So there it is... I guess I lost my motivation, I don't know what the fuck is going on my life anymore, but I know that I can't keep drifting about and making excuses. How the hell can I get my groove back??