23yo - Unemployed - I dont know what to do with my Life
Hello everybody, 

My name is Alex, as you can see in the title I am 23yo and few weeks ago I became unemployed.

I was working for a small online gift shop company for 3years where I was dealing with everything there from A-Z: Contact suppliers to order the needed stuff, talk with customers, use all the machines we have to craft the products that we were making, doing new desings for new products, everything that was related to the online shop, literally everything. 

2 and half months ago I asked for a promotion/salary increase since I started to have issues with my budget, and ofc my "boss" declined as the business during the summer doesnt have that much income. Then since my apettite for work  decreased alot due to not enjoying anymore what I was doing and the rewards I was getting, so I have tried to talk with him for one more time and again the same story, so I decided that will be better for me if I will go somewhere else to work. I was still working there until 3weeks ago where I said enough its time to move on with my life and my career.

Since then, I am constantly looking for similar jobs since its something that I already have some solid experience and I somehow like doing, you see, I like everything that is related to computers and graphics.

Now my biggest issue is that I live in a small island(Cyprus), there are not many jobs in simillar domain, and I feel that I dont want to have a boss anymore, I would love to make something for myself, have my own thing, that will make me wanna wake up or not even sleep some nights and build it, I would like my own business , but I dont know where,how and what to do as I dont know what I really enjoy doing with my life. I love talking with different people, have weird convos about the universe, about our existance, about this type of stuff. I like reading others people personal experiences in life, business experiences and so on. I like editing photos in Photoshop as its something that I have learned and still learning since I was 10 because was something that I really love doing. I like fizing computers, trying to figure out why is not working and so on. But at this point I feel that I have no energy for life, I feel that I suck and that I cant do a shit anymore. 

I will just leave this text here, I needed to write it down so I can release a bit of my stress that I have now since I have no income but I have shit to pay.

Advance thanks for those that will read my post, and sorry for my grammar and bad English.