Where do you meet single women after college without looking like an absolute creep?
Here's what I've (22M) tried so far:

1. Dating apps - duh. My first choice since the woman can just unmatch if she isn't feeling it. I had some matches and conversations, but they didn't go anywhere. The vast majority of girls on there that are around my age are just looking to party or to stroke their ego, or if I match with someone that is genuine, they just don't respond. I've read up about the stats of Tinder matches, and it's just a giant waste of time from a statistical perspective. 
2. Meetup - as in the website/app. Well, the problem is that I live in Silicon Valley, and 99% of the meetup groups (I shit you not, check it out if you don't believe me) are related to AI, big data, machine learning, startups, or VCs. Like for fuck's sake I already spend enough time at work every week, I don't want to spend what little time I have left talking about work. There are a few "actual" social groups on there, and they're either for boomers or they're pretty much dead, as in one event per month with two people going. 
3. Gym - I go couple times a week, but it's not a very good place to strike up a conversation. It's crowded, and people all have their workout routines to go through. It simply does not seem appropriate to approach people in that environment. I've also heard from women that they absolutely hate it when guys try to talk to them at gyms, so I'd prefer not to get told "get lost creep". 
4. Work - I spend the majority of my waking hours at work. Unfortunately it's a tech startup which means there is more sausage than Oktoberfest. The few women that we do have are significantly older or married/in a relationship. Plus, it's just unprofessional to date a coworker. 
5. Nightlife - I'm not a club person, but I like going to bars. Unfortunately, most of the bars around here are for people in their 30s and 40s. While I could go to SF over the weekends, I haven't been able to get my friends to go with me (it's a long trek considering traffic), and I don't know how women feel about a lone man drinking at a bar. 

I'm also looking into joining a climbing gym because I heard a lot of young people here enjoying it, and it seems like a better place to talk than a gym. I'm open to any advice, but at the end of the day, I can't pretend to be something that I'm not.