I'm 21, never been in a relationship, or had sex.
I have a feeling this is going to be a long rant. How I met your mother inspired me to write this. Its a good tv-show, would recommend. However, here is my story:

I'm 21 now. Played a sport (which I will not mention, for privacy reasons) for 14 years. Got to university to study sport science and exercise, life is good. I just haven't had any relationship.


While were at this, lets look back into my teens. As a teen I had acne problem. Really bad one too. Like, really really bad and long one. Tried pretty much everything (except the prescription ones, which was a mistake, should have tried earlier), but I got rid of it just now. At the age of 20. It did its damage to my self confidence, I mean... how could someone like somebody who had acne all over his face. Also, I got glasses, that gave a huge punch to my self confidence also. I'm still not quite in terms with my glasses. They're big and thick and...well I prefer contact lenses. Never liked my hair either. I would never do anything to my hair. The haircuts I get are "short, but to short enough for the army. The regular kind of haircut" I don't do anything with my hair, I just don't like it. I've been playing around with the idea of going to a stylist and telling her to do whatever she wants, full artistic freedom. As long as it looks good. My clothing? I don't know, regular. I suppose. Some brand clothes from some sport store. Whatever.

Now that we got my looks out of the way, I guess its good to mention my social life. I recall having 4 really close friends, but all of the classmates were good buddies, there is no bad blood between us. I played a lot of video games with the closest friends. That was it, video games. While I was at it, I kept on with my sport and had quite good friends from there also. They were nice. 

At some point however, these buddies started hanging out. Alcohol came into the scene, I wasn't really too into alcohol (to this day I still am not), neither did I know how just go out. I didn't want to go out. I found it more comforting to be inside, playing some stupid ass video game with friends, or practicing the sport I loved. 

Speaking of the sport, I was so good at it that I made it to the national team and the world cup. First year, under 18. Was fantastic, everything was fantastic, silver medal, best player award, things were good. I tried out on a team and didn't make it. It was huge bump for me. I couldn't sleep. Next year comes and I make to the team national team again. The media never was too nice on my sport. They like to pick out the bad things and run with them to get the clicks. One day you win and the next day you have the shittiest game of your life. Guess which one makes the news. And which one will get some nice comments such as: Personal_Issues is the weak link in the team, why is he getting playtime? Random people calling the general manager of the team, only to ask why I was playing instead of someone else. I felt like I was in a middle of a controversy. I couldn't stop reading the comments. My teammates told me not to care about them, but I couldn't. I was so curious. I remember the second tournament and the first game. We lost and they wanted to get an interview into news and the first question was: "You performed poorly, did you even prepare for the tournament?" Well, fuck you too. In the end, the 3rd place was one goal away. One goal. I'm the goalkeeper, I could have stopped that goal, but no. The third world cup was a major fuckup. When I was asked for 4th time for tryouts I just opted out with some shitty excuse. I wanted to have nothing to do with it. Eventually I just stopped playing completely. I never had a very good self confidence. I don't really believe the goddamn world cups never did too well on my self confidence. I even hate to bring the fact that I ever played there up. I think it became a vicious spiral, I had no self confidence, so I performed poorly. Because I performed poorly my self confidence always found a new low point. Never again, will I be that fuckup in front of anyones eyes. I guess that sort of made me very self conscious. I always try to please everyone and try not to fuck up at anything.

So, what does someone with no self confidence, and not willing to go out do these days? Play video games. I play them, not alot. I have a social circle. I would go online, talk with buddies via skype and play. I play more than I care to admit. That's my social circle. Three to four buddies whom I talk in skype with and some dudes who I met through the video game. I never met them in real life. 

Now i'm watching how I met your mother. Even though is a lighthearted comedy it makes me feel like a failure. I don't want to be this guy who goes to university, gets back home, plays video games until 2 am and wakes up sleep deprived (again). I want to go out. I want to drink with my buddies and have fun talking. I'm not very good at it, but I suppose I could just sit there listening. And be comfortable with it. For some reason i'm not comfortable with it. I'm not comfortable in that kind of setting. I would love to be. I know that once I was, but for some reason no more I am. 

The title of this post is what it is. And its wearing me out. I'm watching how I met your mother and I find myself thinking: How does one find someone like Robin. They're out there. I know, I've seen them. Really, really fine looking ladies. And they are funny, charming, cute, beautiful, everything. But how does one proceed from that? I don't hunt them. I just.... I just assume something happens at some point and stars align and... something. And every single tip and trick and suggestion and whatnot always highlights: Be self confident. Well, I guess before I am not happy with myself I can't expect someone to like me, an emotional mess of insecurities and neediness to show that I am capable and absolutely, totally not offending anyone by anything. And the sex part. I've played with the idea of going into a club, doing a one night stand and just be done with it. I realized that, that isn't what I want. Even though it isn't what I wan't I can't say it is not wearing me out. Everyone else seems to have done it. Everyone seems to know everything about it. I don't know. The sex part is hard to explain. I don't want to just simply have sex, but the fact that I haven't had sex is still kinda bugging me.

Also, the poor soul who read through this. I feel sorry for you. This wasn't supposed to be this long, but well, seems like there is many thins boiling under my skin.