In lieu of 400 subscribers, I'd just like to say a few words
I find it hard to believe what this has become, but I mean that in a good way.

But when we look at this for what it really is, can you blame me for beening a little incredulous? One day, I sat down on my computer and tossed a question out into the void, leaving anybody to answer it however they chose. "What is your current reason for being unhappy?" It's a simple enough question. I didn't even expect many people to answer. But when people did answer, I found myself wanting to have a discussion with them. I wanted to share their grievences and problems with them. I wanted to tell people that they weren't alone and that at least one person, somewhere out there in the universe, can relate to their problem and understands. That at least one person genuinely cares. Sometimes it's easy to feel lost and alone in our worries. I find irony that people can connect so deeply and on an emotional level with someone over a medium that is known mostly for its anonymity. I'm a little awe-stricken by the internet's ability to connect people when they can feel so alone about their problems in day-to-day life. That's an extremely powerful thing to do.

Frequently we find that the internet can be a dark and scary place. People stop recognizing that a username is just a representation of an actual person. It's easy to attack a profile over the internet because they're barely seen as a person. Sometimes just words, sometimes a disembodied voice, and sometimes a picture, but rarely a person. But that doesn't mean those words can't actually have a real effect on someone. It's easy to shoot a bullet at a cardboard cutout of a person, if you forget that there's an actual person standing behind it, but that doesn't mean the person is going to be protected from your shot. I don't like that.

And that leads to what that simple question on /r/AskReddit did. The point wasn't to share thoughts, or opinions, it was to share experience. True, emotional experience that other people could relate to. It served as a reminder that there are real people on the internet, that share your feelings, and have been through some of the same stuff that you have. Everyone becomes more than just a username. They become someone that you can relate to. Someone that you can understand, and empathize with.

I suppose that's why we're all here. Because we need to find someone else that understands our problems, or because we want to let someone else know that we care. Both of those are a pretty remarkable thing. To put yourself out there to the world, and to be there for those people who put their trust in what you have to say.

The internet as a whole could certainly be improved by the example that all of you set here, and I'm very proud to be a part of it.

Thanks for reading,

The1RGood