My friend is cheating on his wife
Where to start? 

We'll call them John and Jane. My boyfriend and I used to work with John, then my boyfriend got a job as a manager at another, much nicer, place, and was able to get a position for John. Then John got his wife hired as just a weekend part-timer.

Now, these certainly aren't our **best friends**, but we double dated a few times and I would consider them to be in our friend circle, even if it was just the outer circle.

When John worked with us, there was a girl who had told my boyfriend that John had been flirting with her and telling her that he would leave his wife for her, but as this was the first we had ever heard of it, we didn't want to think he was too serious. 

But now, at this new place, where Jane also works, there are three girls saying that he said the same thing to them. Then one of the girls finally just straight up tells people that she had an affair with John. Not just a one time thing. She would go to John and Jane's place on the weekends when Jane was at work. My boyfriend, who is now not only John's manager, but also the person who brought John in to this job to begin with, confronted him. He needed to know for sure if these rumors were true, but also felt like John should know that the people he and his wife work with know that he had an affair. 

So now the thing that is bothering me is that no one is telling Jane. Her husband is cheating on her, and while we only know of one other woman he's slept with, it's not like he hasn't tried to get with more. And on top of that, she is trying to have a baby with him and start their family.

On the other side of it though, Jane is apparently an abusive wife. My boyfriend has told me about texts John has shown him where Jane berates him, tells his he's a useless husband, and from what John says, she withholds sex for months at a time, only sleeping with him when she's ovulating to try and get pregnant. 

So I can sort of understand why John would step out on the relationship (although I believe if you can't be faithful then just get out of the relationship completely), but she still should know, for her sexual health (what if he contracts something, it's not like they use protection), for the potential child that would be born into chaos, and for them, because they clearly aren't on the same page at all.

I don't want to be the one to ruin a marriage, but at the same time I feel like John has already done that, and if it were me, and all the people I work with know that my husband is sleeping with my co-worker... Well I just know I would want someone to tell me. She deserves a heads up too, right?