Got drunk and acted very unlike myself with a girl I had just met. I feel like a piece of shit.
I was at my friend's house for the first time and got to meet all of his friends.  It was a party and we all got more and more drunk as the night progressed.  I recently (about a month ago) broke up with my girlfriend and haven't really talked to any girls since.  I ended up getting drunk, and the girls (who I have never met, and will never see again) all seemed so hot and attractive, and a majority of them seemed interested in me.  Late in the night, one of the girls sort of backed into me and started grinding on me, and I was totally for it.  From then on we started making out and stuff, and I got really touchy feely.  I was groping her ass pretty much nonstop and I started thinking about sleeping with her.  Soon, everyone at the party starting warning me about her, telling me she has herpes and stuff like that, so I (thankfully) decide to not sleep with her.  She goes upstairs and ends up passing out on one of the beds, and me and some of my friend's friends find her a little while later.  We kind of try to wake her up, and one of the guys slaps the girls ass a few times (she wasn't moving, she was totally knocked out)  I checked to make sure she was still breathing, she was, and after the guys left me and her in the room and I ended up kind of groping her some more (she had her jeans on and everything) even though she was passed out.  My drunk logic had me thinking it was okay because she was fine with me doing it to her when she was awake.  The next morning she was still totally into me and was like touching me and messing with my hair and everything, but as I slowly recollected everything that happened and how I acted with her, I felt worse and worse.  I always try to treat women with respect and I look back at my actions that night in complete horror.  It was like someone else had taken over me.  It might have something to do with being recently single, but still... it makes me not want to drink again if I turn into some kind of monster.  :(

ALSO:  With a little facebook stalking, I found out today that she has a boyfriend.  Even though I didn't know that at the time, that makes me feel like even more of a scumbag for making out with someone and touching someone who is in a relationship.  Urgh