Not sure how to approach situation I was hired into (I'm a new manager and one employee doesn't respect me).
This is a long post, but I'm desperate for advice...

I got hired two weeks ago as a manager in my new company (one position lower than the general manager). There is one employee in particular (I'll call her RD) who is very harsh and has an attitude problem towards me specifically. Turns out, RD interviewed for my position but didn't get it, and I did. The problem now is that she is VERY obviously bitter towards me for it and she is openly that way in front of other employees and even my boss. 

The problem is that when the previous manager was preparing to leave, she taught RD a lot of her responsibilities. Now RD has taken over and won't let me touch anything or really do anything that is part of my responsibilities. When I answer the phone she will talk in my other ear about how to answer a question I've been asked like I have no idea what I'm doing. When a client comes in to talk to me, she INTERRUPTS me while I am talking to them to answer herself. It's very rude and is obviously awkward for me and the client. 

I've talked with my boss (who I'll call GM) about it and long story short, he told me that it is going to be an uphill battle for me because she is still bitter about the position. He told me that if I feel the need to talk to her, to talk to her. GM told me that he will try to let us figure it out between ourselves, but if it becomes a real issue he will step in. He also made it clear to me that if I ever needed to talk about it or need advice I can ask. 

GM also made it clear that RD has had issues with the manager before me, GM himself, and even other office staff. He even told me that I'm "going to make her mad no matter what. That's just how RD is".  He also said that he doesn't trust her at all with anything personal and that if she walked out tomorrow, we would be okay because her job is just an unnecessary extension of my own. 

RD even admitted to me that she is "a control freak and has to do things herself" and that she had a "tough childhood and that's why she is the way she is" neither of which are excuses to treat anyone, let alone your boss, the way she treats me. 

I had the opportunity to talk with the girl who had my position before me and she made it very clear that my boss wanted ME for the position and that I need to establish my position with RD quickly. My latest experience with her happened today when I told her that she doesn't need to worry about what I'm doing because I can manage on my own (this is my second week on the job), to which she never made eye contact and responded with "well I just need things done right" gave me a slight look, and turned around and walked away. Which leads me to my main question that I really need advice for...

I have never been a manager before, and I'm even amazed that I got this job because I had zero experience in this particular field when I applied. So how the heck am I supposed to handle this situation? I have accepted that I will not be her friend, which I am 100% okay with because she is not a kind person, but how do I go about this in a professional manner? I need her to understand that even though I am newer than her (she only started 3 months ago) I am still her boss and she needs to respect that. And how do I reclaim my responsibilities that she jumped on to take over? 

TLDR; Started a management position and an employee that also applied for the job is bitter that I got it over her. As a result, she is disrespectful, doesn't let ANYONE tell her what to do, and has on multiple occasions shown me attitude in front of other employees and my boss. How do I handle this situation?