My ex is back in my life...
Sorry for the long post... trying to summarize the best I can. 

One year ago I met this guy one night and we immediately hit it off. It started as a hook up and we just couldn't stay away from each other after that. About a month later I went 8 hours away to college. We Skyped every night and became really close and were dating, even though it was never official because he had some issues caused by his last relationship that he couldn't get over. 

Anyway, things ended around Christmas in a huge fight and we went 6 months without talking. In the mean time, I dated one guy for a short time and am now dating another man. Me and my current bf, have been dating for 3 months and are very hopeful for a long future together. 

Here's the problem: My ex is now back in my life. He's been here for a few months but we are just now starting to really talk again and it's so nice. He's opening up more than he did and we joke about the past. He's told me that he misses me and regrets some of the choices that were made. And I'm caught because he was the first guy I've had a fire for, and it never really died. But I don't know if it's because I still love him or because he was the best sex I've ever had and I'm dying to have that again.

Not that my current love life isn't good but it's just... my ex does this thing to me. I don't want to lose him out of my life again and I really do enjoy having him around but he's making me double think my current relationship, especially if I even love him because there isn't the same flame. I know it's stupid but I so desperately want one more night with my ex, but i'm sure that would just turn into one more and one more. 

It's basically how I'm living my entire life. Unpaid internship vs. paying job, college vs. traveling... it's all about planning for the future. I want the instant gratification of having my ex back now, but I just know that it could never work out between us. We want different things and we are different people. And my bf is the future, I can see myself with him in a long time, we get along and have similar values and want the same things. 

I'm just sad and torn because on the one hand, I really want to try again with my ex even though I know it wont' work. I just want him back. But at the same time, I can't think about giving up my current bf. 

It's a really stupid conundrum but I just needed to get it out because I haven't had anyone to tell and it's been weighing heavy on me.