I grew up poor with no knowledge on how to properly manage my finances. 65K in debt at 29yrs old.
Like the title says, I grew up poor. Today my dad is a homeless addict alcoholic and my mother lives on a disability check for her mental illness. Thankfully I was driven at a young age and went to college for my nursing degree. I had to work full time so I did all my prerequisite classes part time. After 8 years of going to school off and on, I became a nurse. I now have 51K in student loan debt, 3K in a car loan, 5K personal loan, and 6K in credit card/collection debt. Everything is high interest (my car is 9%!!). My credit score has been horrible since I let a bunch of bills go to collection in my early 20s- most of which I've paid off. I always thought that once I was a nurse, I'd have the money to pay everything off. 

After almost 4 years of struggling I became horribly depressed. My friend from nursing school were buying homes, paying for weddings, going on luxurious vacations, having babies.... and here I was calling the gas company begging them not to shut my gas off. I felt as if I was drowning and unable to catch my breath. I knew I had to do something differently. 

At this point, I had already sold anything worth money. I cut my bills to a minimum- I don't have cable or a fancy phone. I dont have designer purses or shoes. I rarely eat out or buy Starbucks. I have been eating SO much rice and beans. My only option was to get a better paying job. I quit my clinic job where I worked 4-10hr shifts, no weekends, nights, or holidays and took a job working 12hr night shift in the hospital about a month and a half ago (yay working weekends and holidays...). Way more stress. Way sicker patients. But I had to do it. I also have opportunities for overtime.

1.5 months in to this new job and I have been able to get current on all my bills. This is HUGE for me. I paid off one of my 4 credit cards (it was only a $300 limit but a start) and a $175 collection. I have started to build an emergency fund. I've set aside a modest amount for Christmas. I am finally seeing some light. 65K is going to be one hell if a mountain to tackle but I want financial freedom more than anything. My mental health needs this. My goal is to build a $1500 emergency fund and pay off all credit cards by March 2020. That alone will save me hundreds of dollars a month in credit card payments that I can put toward my car, personal loan, and eventually my student loans. 

I refuse to follow my parents footsteps. I will take care of my mental health. I have this amazing career and I will not let it go to waste. Who ever said money can't buy happiness has never been poor. I dont need money to buy me expensive things I need financial security. I need to be able to buy food, pay my gas bill, pay for my health insurance and afford the copays and deductibles. I dont have any late bills this month and it feels so fucking great. 

TL;DR Lots of debt, resent my parents, I'm a nurse now and finally taking control of my finances for the first time at almost 30yrs old.