I went on a bender that ruined my mental health, my relationship, and maybe my job.
I’ve been dealing with depression and panic attacks for years. I take meds to help with the panic attacks, and so far they’ve worked pretty well up until this point. Though they really don’t do a whole lot for depression, and that aspect has been getting worse and worse.

I took off work last Friday to go to a friend’s bachelor party. Now this friend is a mild mannered Christian guy, so very different from me, but I love him all the same. I guess I kinda lost it Thursday night and just started drinking. Heavily. And then Friday rolled around and I said “Screw it, it’s a bachelor party”. So I woke up and continued drinking. This kept going till Sunday. By Sunday I was more hungover than I’ve ever been, and more depressed and anxious than I’ve been in a long time. I also had to deal with the fact that I acted like a complete drunken fool the whole weekend to my Christian friend and his other Christian buddies. They basically said they couldn’t hang out with me anymore..

Monday rolls around, I’m feeling almost worse. I take off work. I spend the whole day doubled over, body locked up, shaking and weak. “Must be the hangover” I thought.

Tuesday, I feel like shit still but go into work. Everyone tells me I look like death, that I should go home. I try to stick it out and almost pass out so I leave. I’m still shaking and losing consciousness. I go to the doctor, nothings wrong.

This continues until today. I realized last night that these are panic attack symptoms that I haven’t had in a long long time. I’ve basically drank myself into having panic attacks again. I took off work again, making it 2 days and 2 half days. People at work are wondering what’s wrong, and I feel like I might lose my job. And the worst part is last time I dealt with these issues of panic attacks it took almost a year to get over them before I could function enough to have a steady job. I don’t know what I’ll do if I can’t get a grip in the next few days. 

I’ve never posted on reddit before, but I figured this was a good start. I’m at rock bottom right now. I don’t really know where else to turn.