Juniors/Underclassmen, Here's What I've Learned the Hard Way
Brief Context: I am officially a member of the Carleton College Class of 2023, after sending in my fee last night!

I also got waitlisted by Williams College after becoming a proud Ivy Reject. Pretty good, right? Especially considering I was pretty much navigating this process blind, and made plenty of stupid mistakes.

Right, y'all. You're up next at bat, and while I've got all the faith in the world in you, here are my takeaways from this stupid process, for what they're worth:

\-For the love of all that is good and green in this world, do not use USNWR unless you're looking at rankings for your specific major (And even then, Shanghai Index is more reliable—though, it still has anomalies and mistakes) as a starting spot for your search. Just, don't. Look anywhere else.

\-You are allowed to hate "prestigious" schools, schools that are good for your major, or your parents'/beloved aunt's/favorite teacher's/coach's alma mater. Bearing that in mind, you are also allowed to really love schools you really didn't think you would.

\-Juniors—start those applications as soon as you finish your testing in May. Take a breather, but start drafting essays over the summer. Common App and Coalition App release their prompts fairly early on, and college prompts (Especially "Why X College") don't change much year to year, most of the time. Once your senior year starts, time available to work on applications is going to decrease exponentially. Make sure the lion's share of work is done before school really kicks in.

\-Freshmen/Sophomores, make sure you study for not only the SAT, but the PSAT—especially if you live in a state with a lower cutoff for NMSF. Colleges love to see National Merit stuff on your applications, and money can often get thrown your way.

\-Speaking of the SAT: whenever your scores come out, keep an eye on the news in case nonsense like what happened last year with the June SAT's curve, particularly if your scores are lower than what you expected (By this, I mean your raw scores don't line up with your final scores according to the conversion charts floating around). If history repeats itself, you'll want to know so you can figure out if you want to take the test again. DO NOT use this as an excuse on your applications.

\-Don't just have a safety or two that you really like—make sure they're FINANCIAL safeties as well. Look for a college that offers not only your major, but automatic merit that you KNOW you can get, like the University of Oklahoma, UT-Arlington, or Baylor University (Apparently, Texas is great for auto merit). This way, worst comes to worst, you know you'll have somewhere you can afford.

\-When figuring out what's a match for you, don't just look at last year's acceptance rate, but how much application numbers increased by year to year. A couple schools' acceptance rates plummet every year as they become popular, and you don't want to get burned by a school that would have been a match for you two years ago, but is now a reach.

\-If you want to apply to an Ivy or school with a comparable acceptance rate (Or even "Stanford"), do so with the mindset that you're essentially burning that application fee money (Or waiver). Put all the time you want into them—heck, I used my Hicago essay prompts as a decompressor from the million other "Why X" essays I had to write—but don't send off your Duke or Pomona application with the expectation of anything other than a rejection. If you get in, fantastic, and congratulations!

\-The blame game never works. Take a day to mourn your losses in this process, and move on. Bitterness will get you nowhere. Hold your head high, and move on.

\-Keep your freaking grades up. Some B's (Or grades a letter lower relative to your average) are okay senior year, but don't screw around. Do the work you need to.

\-Lastly, I know everyone's said this a million times, but it can always be said again: *this process is a fucking crapshoot.* After sending your applications in and doing your interviews and sending in your mid-year reports, don't try and apply logic to your acceptances and rejections beyond a very limited point. You will have some results that just don't make sense. Roll with it.

This process isn't a reflection of your self-worth, at all. It's a question of how prepared and lucky you can be. I *was* lucky, and was accepted to an amazing school that I'll be attending in the fall, silently thanking that AO who saw something in my application the whole time.

And if you get rejected during this process?

Make those schools regret turning you down (In the good, non-destructive way).

&#x200B;

EDIT 1: Adding what u/sciecne says below: \[I am paraphrasing\]

\-Get very serious about your college essays once your senior year starts. Don't be afraid to ask multiple teachers to revise and look over your essays before submitting.

\-Practice for the SAT by taking full practice tests, and look at what concepts overall (Particularly math) you're missing in sections. Then, review with class materials to study basic concepts. This can really help your scores overall, instead of just doing "hunt-and-peck" studying with individual questions.

&#x200B;

EDIT 2: Adding what u/Xenofuscus says below: \[Paraphrased\]

\-This applies to all of high school, but especially junior second semester and senior year: do your best to take care of your health and yourself. Sleep and exercise regularly; it'll work wonders for your motivation and energy, especially on knocking out classwork and apps.

&#x200B;

\-Also, if things really get bad your senior year (And this should be done with great caution and scheduling): coming from me (OP), I would say take a mental health day, if you feel terrible. If you won't miss anything terrible, take a day off from school. Sleep in, catch up on homework, knock out a college supplement or two, and maybe watch a movie on Netflix. You should only do this once or twice a semester (If you feel the need for more, you should probably see your counselor or doctor), but mental health days  are good things in limited quantities.

&#x200B;

EDIT 3: I mention it in a response below, but make sure to fill out your FAFSA and/or CSS Profile or any school-specific sheet as early as possible as well. Don't be afraid to cajole your parents about this, as it saved me so much time and pain during the process. You'll have your finances squared away, and it'll make it easier to get your package (Or even a bigger one) or to appeal, if necessary.

&#x200B;

EDIT 4: Adding what u/jjss8 says below: \[Paraphrased\]

\-Regarding deadlines: be extremely careful of "hidden" deadlines, where scholarship deadlines are before actually application deadlines, such as schools like Georgia Tech and USC.

\-Send in your SAT/ACT/SAT II score *ASAP.* They take time to arrive at schools and be processed, so take advantage of the free score reports offered, if any.

\-Ask your teachers for rec letters early (Before September of your senior year, if possible); odds are, the teachers you ask are also being asked by multiple other students, and you don't want to be caught at the end of a list.

\-Check your portals once your application has been submitted for any missing documents or other components.

\-Don't stress out more than you have to! This process can be sort of fun, especially with some of the quirkier essays, as well as helping out your friends.

&#x200B;

EDIT 5: Wow, thank you whoever gave me my first gold, made my day! Right, so brief (And final; this post is getting *long)* additions from the comment sections. Underclassmen, there are a ton of seniors giving brilliant advice in the comment sections, really take a look through, there's a ton of useful stuff. Just a few quick highlights:

\-As mentioned by u/creddit_where_due, r/SAT and r/ACT are very valuable resources to check out, as well as Khan Academy, UWorld, and [1600.io](https://1600.io). They're all great resources, and they mention in their post another post in r/SAT where legal downloadable tests can be found.

\-As mentioned by u/Allupual, while making sure you have financial safeties, do make sure you can see yourself going there for four years (Or at least doing well there until you can successfully transfer), and that you like it.

\- u/hellaharper talks about it below, but: they got into a school usually not high on many people's lists, and were offered a ton of money, as well as great dorms and a hella cool exchange program/ Financial safeties can offer you more than an "elite" school might.

\-It's mentioned more than a few times overall, but don't forget to really dig into the difference between the ACT and SAT, and don't assume the SAT is the default. The ACT curve is less harsh, and there is a good chance you may do much better on it.

\-Last things, as talked about by u/Petrol_Oil below: breathe. Shoot for the moon if you can, but make sure you shooting for something you can realistically land on. This process is completely nonsensical, especially once you start looking at schools whose acceptance rate dip below \~40%.

\-Also, as they say: work hard on your apps, of course, but don't throw so much of yourself into them that you resurface some time later to find high school's passed you by. Some people are perfectly fine with that, but make sure you get a chance to make that choice.

&#x200B;

Regardless of how it all turns out, good luck, you guys. I believe in you, and this entire subreddit has got your back.