Have you seen the opening scene from Idiocracy?
That feels like my life right now. I've been feeling very lonely lately and I am watching each of my friends get everything right the wrong way, while I sit here doing things (mostly) right and I'm getting everything wrong.

All I've ever wanted in life is to raise a family. I'm not a crazy girl; I've known people who have their marriage collage they created when they were ten who have been dreaming about getting that perfect rock from whatever man is pleased enough with them to ask them to spend the rest of their lives together - that's not me. I'm not baby crazy. I just want to meet a great guy that can be my partner and equal and wants to raise a family like I do.

Meanwhile, all of my friends are irresponsibly and accidentally getting pregnant, having children, and somehow finding their happiness in all of this. I'm not talking about "best-of" happiness, I'm not simply trolling their Facebook pages and looking at the surface of their edited lives, we're talking about people I'm very close to that I know well. People whose houses I spend time in and not as a guest. They really are pretty happy. Not perfect, nobody is, but happy.

Why do I have to be the one watching everyone else get what I want in life simply because I'm responsible with my birth control and discerning about my choice of bed partner? Why am I alone when I'm the only one of us working on personal growth and trying to better myself to be in a great position to achieve my goals? I'm the only one of my friends that even knows anything about children at ALL and yet they're popping them out like candy.

Please understand, this is a moment of weakness. Normally I let these things slide off and I understand that it simply isn't going to happen yet; what I'm doing is still right. I'm not going to poke holes in the condom of the next guy whose dick I trip over just for a fleeting chance at happiness. I know I'm on the right path, even if it's taking longer for me than it is for so many others. I am truly happy for their successes, it would not make me feel any better if they were failing.

It's just hard some days.

Some weeks.

In addition to this, a close friend of mine placed me firmly but gently in to the friend zone. That's a story in and of itself. He's not put off by my family attitude - in fact, that's something we agree on - but there are mitigating circumstances. It simply adds to my frustration in that...well, a guy who is up to the standards I would require of a future partner and father, someone perhaps a bit more attractive than I think I deserve, with all of these great qualities...isn't interested enough to give it a try. It's a blow to the ego, no matter the circumstances.

I know what to do about it, I'm just looking for a little bit of understanding. I obviously can't take this to either him or any of my friends with children without it being somewhat awkward, so I entreat you to give me some sorely-needed compassion. I just need an e-hug. Thank you.

TL;DR - Everyone is having babies except for me and I'm sad about it.