The trades, especially plumbing, are great. Here's a detailed look if you feel like you're drowning financially.
Just a PSA for all you lovely people.

It's been said before, but the trades really are a great way to be financially stable without an education.

I just started a plumbing apprenticeship with a taxable wage of $15.19 an hour, and a take-home wage of $14.19 an hour. Every year for the next five years, I will get a roughly $2 raise. My journeyman wage will be (as of right now) $37.98 an hour. 

For those of you curious about what that looks like for a yearly salary:

* First year - $31,600
* Second year - $39,500
* Third year - $47,400
* Fourth year - $55,300
* Fifth year- $67,200
* Journeyman - $80,000

There's a lot of work involved, and there's terms and conditions.

1) You are required by the union (this one, anyway) to go to school two nights a week for three hours a night throughout the five year apprenticeship. It follows a standard school schedule, so you get summers off. You do take out a small loan for this to cover materials and training in the classroom. If you leave the union before completing your apprenticeship, you have to pay it back in full.

The good side of having to go to school is that everything you learn is immediately applicable to what you're doing in the field. It's not like taking art history just to fill your credit hours for your science degree.

2) While an apprentice, you can't do plumbing work outside the union. The logic being "we're not paying for and training you to work outside of the union for somebody else," which I understand. If you're looking at a different kind of union, I'm sure they have a similar policy in place.

3) The union will not always have work for you. If you're a journeyman this isn't a big problem. As an apprentice, you can't do plumbing work outside of the union for an independent contractor or something along those lines. And you still have your apprenticeship classes even if the union doesn't have work for you. I don't know how common it is for this to happen where there's a lot of people "on the bench," but it's common enough that you should have a minimum of three months savings while working in the trades.

The flip side to this is that you can get a lot of job security based off your merit and work ethic. If you work well and work hard, and don't have safety violations, a company will really try to keep you on their payroll. So, your reputation and merit make a difference, for better or for worse. It's completely up to you

4) You never know who you're going to work with. The company that hires you may not be well run. The foreman could be incompetent or an asshole. The journeyman you work with as an apprentice could be incompetent or an asshole, which means you won't learn shit from them.

5) If you're a woman entering the trades, it can be a bit intimidating. DON'T BE SCARED. So far, nobody has made any inappropriate comments to me. I've heard some "boy talk" fawning over a cute girl on site, but it hasn't escalated beyond that and become inappropriate. The company I was hired by has very strict harassment policies. Not all of them will, unfortunately. Where the company might not have strict policies, your coworkers will make up for it. There's a lot of comraderie involved, and the people you work with will want to have your back. The guys I work with call me their little sister. If the company sucks and your coworkers suck, you'll be respected for standing up for yourself. This isn't some bullshit retail job where you have to silently accept the abuse being thrown at you.

So, it's not a cakewalk. But, it wouldn't be any harder than trying to work two or more jobs while going to school for a degree. And there's a guaranteed pay raise every year while you learn the skills to do your job. You know exactly how much you're going to be making, indefinitely.

Plumbing has a lot of math involved. As someone who used to hate math, it's not as bad as it sounds. If you have good problem solving skills, or are good at puzzles, plumbing might be a good fit.

Everything I've said in this post is based off my own observations. If anyone more experienced in the trades has any input or corrections, please feel free to add it. If you want more information on a union, simply Google search the trade and your city, ex. Bremerton Carpenters Union, Amarillo Plumbers Union, etc.

Edit: formatting