I bought my house for $705.25 in August while making less than $12,000 a year. Heres how I did it and some tips ive learned along the way.
It was suggested in the r/homeimprovement forum that I share my post here. 


I provided the links to repository lists in PA in the post (more specifically a link to a Google doc with the links). 


Some other tips I'll add for cheap homes and living:


Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae sells foreclosure. You can view their inventory at homesteps.com and homepath.com. they have houses all over the country. Cheapest one I've seen is $1,000. 


Another hack: TrueDream Properties finances parcels of land (mostly out west). I have NOT bought land from them BUT they have a lot of positive reviews. 


Typically the land costs $99/month. Some of it is off grid as well. 


Once you own the land you can get a cheap camper or RV and stack money to build a home when the land is paid off. I've found decent campers listed for under $1,000 where I'm at. This is a great option for individuals or couples especially. 


Also: people give away free mobile homes. If you know how to move them cheap and can get a small piece of land cheap, you got yourself a property. 


There are trailer courts that will move your trailer for free but you have to pay lot rent. 


Every state has some type of tax sale. I am familiar with Pennsylvania. 


If you're in a different state, call your tax bureau and ask about their process. 

Here's my original post with updates:

So I bought my house and garage for $705.25 in August (my state has repository lists and all properties are $705.25 and mobile homes without land are about $400). I was not allowed inside the property before buying it, and it was "AS IS," but I was able to find out utilities were on within the past year before buying it. The garage is detached.  


The homeowner died in 2016 and the house was unoccupied and packed to the brim with stuff.

Cleaning it out has been overwhelming albeit interesting. The house was so packed that it needed cleaned out just to walk through all of the rooms.

I haven't paid anyone to do work. My income is currently below the poverty line, so this hasn't been just a rut and gut, but a rut and gut on a $250-$300 a month budget.

I thought it'd be fun to share because it was done on a very small budget by only me. Maybe this can help inspire some other folks who, like me, meet the definition of being in poverty or are financially struggling and don't see themselves ever being able to own a home. The point is that, even though I have been working on this since August, progress is coming and I can finally see the light. I project it'll take another 30-60 days.

Now I got SUPER LUCKY with this purchase. I didnt see the inside of the house or garage. The garage was packed with all kinds of tools, most of which worked. There was new gutters, soffit, and siding in the garage rafters. There is a ton of reclaimed wood in the garage and attic.

This saved me a TON of money on materials AND tools. There is likely enough reclaimed wood to re-do most of the house's flooring.

I also was blessed because the hot water tank AND furnace work and the ducting was recently completed by the previous owner. ALL of the appliances worked. There was a washer, dryer, fridge, stove, microwave and beer fridge.

PLUMBING

I was lucky because I had some of the plumbing stuff already. I did a few surveys for Amazon gift cards last summer and scored about $250 in gift cards. Amazon has great deals on fittings.

Example: I paid $43 on Amazon for 10 fittings that would have cost over $100 at Home Depot. Amazon AND eBay also sell generic and brand name Sharkbites a lot cheaper than Home Depot (if you buy 10 packs, they're roughly 50% cheaper than Home Depot).

Home Depot offers a bulk discount if you buy 10 or more CPVC/PVC pipes, meaning I could get 100 feet of 1/2" and 3/4" in PVC and CPVC for under $100. If I end up with extra, I can get store credit.

&#x200B;

LUMBER:

Home Depot has a 70% off lumber rack. Sometimes the wood is great, other times it's shit. I cleaned out their discount pile one day. Ended up paying a little under $80 for 8 support beams and a bunch of 2x4s and other lumber that was perfect to re-do the floors. I have enough left over to reframe other areas of the house and add additional support beams in the basement, plus build an exterior door.

TOOLS:

Harbor Freight has been AWESOME. I get 20% and 25% off one item coupons weekly, plus coupons for free items. I split up the purchases to maximize savings, but they typically do that for customers without having to ask. I've ended up getting free tape measures, tarps, rags, and flashlights. Plus they have special coupons for tools (for ex: $20 for a saw) that are better than the 20% off coupon. I did need a reciprocating and circular saw, and got them at 25% off and a free taper measure and tarp.

FLOORING:

I was on [HomeDepot.com](https://HomeDepot.com) and noticed ceramic tile was $0.24/sq foot (retail was $0.82 I think). For whatever reason when I was in the store the same tile was on sale for $0.52/sq foot. I ordered 18 cases for $64 online and got 252 sq ft work of new tile. It was enough to do the kitchen and bathrooms.

ELECTRICAL:

I have 8 fixtures I bought brand new a year ago on [HomeDepot.com](https://HomeDepot.com) for $44 (final clearance).Outlets and single pole light switches are A LOT cheaper on eBay and Amazon than Home Depot.I'm not certain of the extent of the electrical work, but I know a few outlets and switches need replaced and 2 light fixtures need replaced. Electrical wire isn't cheaper online.

&#x200B;

What still needs done:

Some electrical work (unsure of materials, but should be under $150)

Flooring for several rooms (there's over 1,000 sq ft worth of old toungue and groove flooring in the garage and attic. I'm likely going to sand it down and install it, but I may want to do carpet in certain areas).

Porch and front steps need redone.

OSB board still needs put down in the kitchen (still need 2 sheets)

Tile needs installed (Need tile adhesive, grout, and a wet saw. Home Depot rents wet saws for $15/day).

SIDE MONEY/HACKS:I was able to help fund the project by selling items I found in the house. Mostly electronics: DVD players, movies, cameras, etc;. I probably made about $500 selling things from the house over the past few months. I'm planning on keeping the Cedar chest, a lot of the books, the records and record players, the Techniqs home stereo system and furniture.

I have also used survey sites and similar apps to get free Home Depot gift cards and if I get invited to do a focus group or higher paying survey (like one on UserInterviews or Find Focus Groups) I try to put some of that money towards the house.

To save money on disposal, I made a scrap pile and someone took it for free. For items that were in good condition but not worth selling, I donated to Goodwill.

I was able to pickup a free Anderson skylight. Since I have to re-do part of the roof, I can save some time and money by installing a skylight instead of re-doing the entire portion of the roof.

For garbage, I found a farmer who burns and he took a dumpster size load for $150. A dumpster that size is a between $350-$500.

I also take a few bags to the curb where I'm renting once a week and put a few bags out weekly at the house (they take 2 large items a week and up to 2 cans).

I spend a lot of time finding coupons and discounts. Harbor freight is cheapest for tools because of their coupons. Walmart is cheapest for contractor bags. Dollar tree is best for cleaning products. Home depot is cheapest for building materials. All of those stores are within 1 mile so it's convenient to price check in store. Plus there's a Goodwill in the area.

I found respiratores are cheaper online. Thrift stores are great for hand and power tools, fixtures, and odds and ends. I was also able to find coveralls at a thrift store which has a special where everything you fit in bag for $2.

Also have a friend whose husband can hook me up with free siding (manufacturing defects: all pieces are about 1/8th in irregular). It requires a train and 120 mile round trip. It's a nice ace in the hole in case I need to reside.

&#x200B;

I'm a novice at a lot of this stuff, but I'm hoping I found a way to find a cheaper path to home ownership.

Before and now pics: [https://imgur.com/a/09su528](https://imgur.com/a/09su528)

And things I've found cleaning out the house and garage: [https://imgur.com/a/wCyMktY](https://imgur.com/a/wCyMktY)[https://imgur.com/a/hqcxqrw](https://imgur.com/a/hqcxqrw)  


UPDATE: I know a lot of people asked and messaged about repository lists in PA. I made a list of most counties (I'm sure I'm missing a few) with links to their repository list/page:

&#x200B;

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTSfvcXJiaXEpgPlSP630HUvF6649pe-iK6JqMbJ0fguFpYabaobpOJNqZV7QED5DGuCm\_vGbgD8sVk/pub](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTSfvcXJiaXEpgPlSP630HUvF6649pe-iK6JqMbJ0fguFpYabaobpOJNqZV7QED5DGuCm_vGbgD8sVk/pub)  


EACH COUNTY has their own rules and process. Allegheny and Philly offer Sherrif's sales. They may have repositories, but I was never able to track those types of properties down in PGH or Philly.   


Minimum bids range from $250-$2,000+. It's completely dependent on the county. Each municipality has the right to reject a bid and set their own minimum price.   


Mobile homes are usually cheaper, but they rarely come with land.   


In terms of parcels: Some are off grid and others aren't buildable.   


Some counties don't have their lists online. HOWEVER, you can call that counties local tax claim bureau and ask for a list (they may charge you for a hard copy).   


When a house reaches the Judicial OR Repository, all liens and taxes are wiped. That includes municipal water and sewer bills. I did have to fight to get the water bill wiped from my house.   


I'll create a new post as well just for PA Repositories. 

UPDATE 2: 

Besides Google and YouTube, I also learned a bit about masonry and Cabinetmaking from two books I picked up at a thrift store. 

Places like Goodwill, Salvation Army, etc are usually filled with these types of How To Books. I have a few others laying around that show how to make basic tables, bookcases, furniture, and small wood projects. 

Also books in thrift stores tend to be super cheap. 

The 2 books I have are pretty old, but still very helpful. Products change (they make hydro Crete cememt now) but the books have a lot of great information, especially on older methods of construction. 

Although the books are older, they're great for work on older homes. Plus they have great instructions on how to do things like lay bricks and build countertops and cabinets! Plus things like stucco and plaster work (which is great because a lot of older home still have plaster).

I have bought any older electrical work books because things have changed a lot for residential wiring (goodbye nob and tube!) But you can build a nice little inventory of home repair books from thrift stores. 

Here's the link to a Masonry book and Cabinetmaking book I have that's had a lot of great information:

 http://imgur.com/gallery/p8CZrbs

Both books are from a series which cover a ton of different topics.

UPDATE 3: Discount materials

The Stock Pile in Canton, Ohio has a ton of awesome stuff, a lot of which is donated by places like Lowe's or taken out of older homes. They offer 10% if you become a member (it's free). 

http://www.thestockpile.org

Some awesome Redditors also shared that Habitat for Humanity has a reStore. I've been to one of their smaller stores, but haven't gone in a while. 

https://www.habitat.org/restores

Other Redditors shared that Construction Junction in Pittsburgh also has awesome finds. They have some of their inventory online as well and some of it is really amazing (old French doors, stained glass)

https://www.cjreuse.org

FREE STUFF:

I've also frequented Craigslist, Facebook marketplace, Letgo and offer up. I check out the free stuff posts as well (great way to find furniture). 

People occasionally will give away old cabinets (many times you have to remove), older appliances, and leftover materials.

THRIFTING:

Thrift stores are great as well. They tend to have tools, fixtures and odds and ends. It's also a really great way to find hand tools and older tools. You can remove rust with Naval Jelly or Vinegar so don't worry if there's some rust!

Goodwill has student, elderly and veteran discounts certain days. In my area they have a massive sale every Sunday and Monday (certain tags are $.39 for everything except clothes. Clothes are $.79). It's a great way to get cheap work clothes.

Some things I've found thrifting for this project:
$5 shop vac, $12 drill bit and spade set, $5 Ryobi drill and charger, $5 for trowels and Mason tools, $1 each for small hand tools, $2 outdoor motion lights and $6 Wolverine steel toed boots.


MONEY BACK TRICKS: 

Ive used Coupon Cabin to order stuff at home Depot. They'll offer specials of 5%-30% cash back via PayPal. Always check your email and you can claim one of their better paying offers every 90 days i believe. 

Discount gift cards: 

This one is tricky because home depot started a policy that merchandise return cards (not gift cards) are non transferable. When you do a return without receipt they register the store credit card to your driver's license. 

People will sell them for up to 50% off face value, but if it's a store credit Merchandise card you might only be able to use it if the original owner buys the stuff for you. 

After the holidays sometimes people will sell gift cards for cash as well. Check Facebook and Craigslist. I know giftcardgranny and raise also have discounted cards and raise gives you a discount when you sign up. 

PayPal occasionally runs specials where they'll give you a gift card for using PayPal as a way method (they did this with subway). 

RECEIPTS:

Keep your receipts and use DEBIT when you can.  You're bound to end up with extra stuff you don't need. If you make your purchases via debit you'll get physical cash when you return items instead of having to wait 3-5 days or take a gift card. Also you want to avoid returns without receipts because a lot of stores put you on a list and may refuse future returns!

Take a picture of the receipt with your phone and always get a copy emailed if the store offers it. 

Trust me I've been in situations where i had maybe $70 worth of stuff i didn't need and couldn't find the receipt. Sometimes it's really a necessity to have that turned back in to cash when you're on a tight budget. 

Also keep them in case a product is defective. The tool manufacturer often will make things right ! I had a Walmart circular saw fry up and hypertough offered me a free replacement. But they needed proof of purchase. So get in the habit of taking pics of your receipts and keeping the paper copies in a safe place.

Plus itll help folks who file taxes. 

TOOL RENTALS:

Vendors typically require a deposit. This means even after you return the item you may not have the funds back for a few days. Each store and bank is different, but keep that in mind so you can plan accordingly. 


DELIVERY:

Luckily i have a small truck, but transporting materials can be an absolute pain if you have a small car. 

Some stores like Menards and home depot do rent trucks (I think it's about $40 for an hour. They don't do this in my area though). 

Also make friends with someone with a large vehicle! I used Facebook to find people who hauled and it was typically $20 for transport. 

Uhaul also rents vans for in town transport. 

Delivery fees can be high. 84 lumber i think costs $50 and home depot $79 for large items. Usually you can find someone with a truck who will do it a lot cheaper. Stores usually will hold your items for a day or two as well. 

SALES:

When youre on a tight budget it's harder to buy materials. What I mean by that is something you will need next week may be on an awesome sale. 

Sometimes you have to jump on a great sale and rearrange the order of your project. Sometimes that is feasible, other times it's not. I chose to buy $64 worth of tile at $0.24/sq ft instead of an exterior door for $75. 

If it's materials you'll definitely use and a really great deal, jump on it and re arrange your projects if you can. 


MATERIALS FROM CONTRACTORS: 

Contractors a lot of times sell stuff they removed during jobs or have leftover supplies. Sometimes they'll even have brand new wire or fittings. They also occasionally have things like hot water heaters and doors. 

HVAC:

Furnaces are ALWAYS cheaper in the summer. Usually you can snag a decent used on (80k BTU) for under $200. 

Water tanks are a lot cheaper used but use your due diligence. Electric ones are usually a lot easier to install and if you get a gas one make sure it can be vented! I ended up buying one last year that i couldn't vent! 

Tankless: make sure you use conversion tables. Theres maps that show what region you're in which matches up with the average water temperature. You CAN absolutely use tankless in cold areas, but make sure you check the specs. 

A/C's: great to pick up in the winter! People will even give them away during the winter. 

MONEY HACKS:

There's a ton of wonderful people on r/beermoney and other subreddits that discuss focus groups, surveys, and other passive streams of income. 

I've used many of the same sites and tactics to get money/gift cards for my project. None have made me rich, but it's helped for sure! 

I've personally used these survery sites:
Branded surveys, iPoll, Qmee, Radial Insights and Pinecone. There's a ton of survey sites and Survey police.com has reviews on most of them. 

Secret shopper apps:
Field Agent, Survey.com, Surveys on the Go, Secret Shopper, iSecret Shop. There's many others but these ones had gigs in my area. 

Focus Groups:
I find them on findfocusgroups. The major sites I've found are User interviews, Validlately, Survey Squad and Schlesinger. I'm sure some folks in beermoney have better lists! 

I've also done UserTesting, TestmyUi and Zoom User. 

I've used these type of sites and apps to help fund my project. The couple extra bucks help. But overall I'm sure some awesome people on r/beermoney have better lists and tips! 

Combining cash back, passive streams of income, coupons and thrifting have saved me a ton of money on this project. 

Last year I decided to give back my financed vehicle and bought a $700 truck. It was a downgrade in a way, but it's been a huge help during this project. It's saved me money with hauling especially. 

TIPS ON MOLD REMOVAL:
http://imgur.com/gallery/0e2mvEo

The kitchen project:

The floor is built on top of a crawl space (which is sloped). The crawl space got wet because a well (which I didnt know was on the property) om the property was overflowing and packed with foilage. 

All the wood in the kitchen floor has to come out (no way to remove mold from dry rotted unfinished wood) abd built back up.

http://imgur.com/gallery/IGNfeZp

http://imgur.com/gallery/7WgFLGo

http://imgur.com/gallery/vUu59wS