How can I get an online/work from home job, since I can’t seem to pass an interview to save my life?
I’m trying my damn best to get a “normal” job but I’ve had so many doors closed on me over the past couple of months that I just feel drained and demotivated. I can’t even get a retail job because I’m terrible at interviews. Most recently, I interviewed at and got rejected from a charity thrift store where I already had some prior/ongoing connections through the charity with volunteer work, so that one really stung :/

I want something I can start working on *now* where I don’t have to pass what feels like an impossibly high barrier of the application and interview process. I keep hearing “if you are physically capable of typing at a computer you can work,” so where do I actually find those jobs?? I’m tired of being considered lazy and want to be doing something, just about anything.

Info that may or may not be relevant: I’m lightly on the autism spectrum. I think this contributes to me doing badly in interviews because I can come off as cold or unenthusiastic when I’m really just scared out of my brains. I am pretty functional in most other areas of my life and have learned to adapt to a lot of scenarios socially, but I think job interviews are one particular area where my weakness and anxiety in social interactions starts showing through.

I also have some “side hustles,” which are editing event photos and tutoring classmates at my college. I was able to get into both of these side jobs because there was no formal application interview process, just someone who happened to have a need that I heard about and was qualified to help with. When I reached out and introduced myself, I felt a lot more relaxed and was able to click with their personalities well. I was able to make much better first impressions because I felt more confident and wasn’t afraid of rejection. I was the first choice just for being the first to reach out and they would only look for someone else if something had happened to not work out between us. Because they had given me that first chance though and because there wasn’t someone “better” to compete with, I was able to prove myself through my work quality and ethic.

The problem with the above is that the work just isn’t consistent enough to create a dependable income. My main photo client reaches out to me when they need me to edit large shoots every few months, and tutoring is on hold until at least early next month due to summer break for our course. I also take up other freelance work/odd jobs when I can, but of course those aren’t consistent either.

Edit: thank you everyone for all the suggestions! I don’t have time right this second to reply to everyone, but I will definitely look into some of the ones that may be a good fit!