I'm getting better, and I wanted to let you know that
I've had depression for about seven or so years now, with some up and down periods. I think my oficial first diagnose was in 2015, and since then I tried getting professional help. The first few times didn't work very well, and I would end up dropping the medication.

The last treatment I've been on, however, seems to be working. I'm not as blindly optimistic as to say "I'm cured!" because no, of course I'm not. I still have problems, I still have consequences of those years of sickness that I have to work hard to overcome. But, for the first time in so, so long, I have hope that I can do it. I can finally see a light at the end of this awfully dark path, and I feel like I can reach it one day.

This post is not to give you a definite solution to your problem, though. Each case is different, and what works for me may not be helpful at all for you (I mean specific things, like the meds I'm taking) Instead, what I want to offer is the same hope I feel right now. I want to share it with you, because I've been where you are, I've felt like you feel now, and I know what it is to think you'll never get better, like "well, this is my life now, I guess I'll just suffer until I die". I know that feeling oh so well, and it pains me to think about those days when I felt like that. And I know many of you feel that way right now.

I want to share my hope with you. I want to tell you that I'm not a "lucky one" that magically got better. There were years of struggles. I tried different treatments, I visited different doctors, I took different medications. It has been a long process of trial and error. Along the line bad things have happened in my life; a few years ago I lost my grandmother, and I've also buried four of my cats (they are like my babies to me, you'll understand if you have pets). My life is not perfect and rose colored. So it's okay if yours isn't either.

The only advice I can give you is that you keep trying. Get help, both professional and from family and/or friends. Also places like this sub. Just because we're a bunch of strangers in the internet, it doesn't mean you can't ask us for help. There will always be a hand there to help you, even if you can't see it, even if you don't believe anyone will care. That's your illness talking. There is always someone to help you.

And finally, with enough time and help, I hope you can get better. Just like I am. 

Thanks for reading. Best wishes! <3