Are you honest with your friends about your depression?
I’m a 28yo F, and I have severe depression since 2012. 
My crisis unfortunately occur quite regularly (once an year or once every 1 and a half year). 

But since my first crisis I told me friend that I wouldn’t give them attention, I wouldn’t go out with them, I would avoid social media and texting. 

I explained everything the best I could, how I felt, how hard it was to keep contact and how it felt like a task/burden during my crisis. 

That maybe during the crisis I would need their help and it would seem selfish being absent for long periods os time and appear to ask for help without asking  about them. But it is what I can offer at the moment, and that when I’m out of a crisis I would treat our friendship normally again. 

Did I lose any friends? Sure, but it’s the life, some people can’t deal with this, but a lot of people can... you would be really surprised. 



I have a lot of friends for my age. 4 friends that I know that would do anything for me, even take me to their home if I end up homeless. With them I can share about the ugliest parts of my depression if I want to... 

I also told them that it’s ok for them to not know what to say or how to help when I tell them the ugly stuff,  I go to a psychologist every week and she can help me with that. I just tell them those things when I feel like I need to vent and I’m ok with them only answering in the lines of  “shit, this is tough. Let me know if I can do something to help.”

And I also have other friends that are super ok with me being absent from time to time, and when I’m on those periods of non crisis I talk to them by text and even see them occasionally to talk and have fun, and it seems like nothing have changed on our friendship. 


I’m very lucky to have them, but I know that this is due to the fact that I was honest with each one of them and I asked them for comprehension. Some of them just disappeared from my life with time, but I made other friends and those who I kept are really understanding and supportive. 



So I guess this is a tip for those of you who don’t know How to handle friends during your lows. 

Instead of disappearing without a warning and being embarrassed to contact them later, or making yourself present on their lives and, consequently, being rude or down in your interactions (which makes them not wanting to be your friend on the long run). Be honest and don’t be ashamed to ask what you need. 

It is a disease, and unfortunately it is a chronic one for most of us. So don’t apologize for taking care of yourself the best you can, even if you have to disappear from time to time to do that. 

The right friends will help you with that. 



Another tip: don’t waste your time with acquaintances. 

You need to have a good relationship with the people that is part of your daily life, like relatives, colleagues, friend of a friend. So be polite and helpful whenever you can. But don’t put your energy and mind on those relationships. You already have so little of it. You should use it to the things that are important to you.


Do you need to go to a party from a colleague from work or go out to look for s gift to s baby shower for a distant relative? Do you have to call all your relatives on their birthday and go out of your way to do a favor to your friend’s friend that you see sometimes and chat with them socially on those occasions?  Hell no, you don’t have to do any of that. Saying “no” while being polite it’s totally ok, and should be done by everyone, not just us. 

If the person gets upset because they feel entitled to your time/money/effort, to hell with them. Who cares? They are not important enough to be more than acquaintances anyway, and if they say shit to others about you, the important people in your life already know your situation and won’t listen to their comments. 


I hope these tips can help someone.