Six blessings I have even though I'm poor.
It's Thanksgiving, and I'm trying hard to count my blessings. Living below the poverty level is hard, but I feel really blessed in some ways, so I wanted to share some things I'm thankful for and let some of you share yours.

1. Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid - even though the government keeps trying to take these life-saving programs away from us, they haven't yet. I don't know what I would do if I didn't have the blessing of these programs to enable me to have a place to live and health care. 
2. SNAP - Even though I don't eat like a queen, I eat well, and being on SNAP has made me much more conscious of how I spend my food dollars. I don't eat as much junk food, and I'm the queen of stretching a small amount of meat and veggies into a 3-day meal that is also healthy. Knowing that no matter what, I'm going to have food every month is such a blessing to me.
3. My apartment - When I was looking for a new place to live, I thought I'd never find anything I could afford. I can't even remember how I found this place, but I'm so happy I did. Not only do I have a really nice apartment for the money, but there is a courtyard and space outside where I'm allowed to garden. Management is awesome, and my rent only goes up about $10 a year. This place has been such a blessing!
4. My health - while I'm older and have a few health issues, I'm still able to do most things for myself and be independent. Without a car, I walk to a lot of places and really enjoy it. I'm still able to enjoy my gardening, although on a much smaller scale. My lupus is now "inactive," so I must be doing something right.
5. Giving people - I've gotten so much help from loving, giving people. They've given me everything from clothes, food, and furniture to free plants for my garden. I owe so much to the generosity of others. It's truly a blessing.
6. Reddit - I have met so many wonderful, caring, loving people on Reddit; people who are willing to give of what little they have to help other people in need. I know most of the people on here are Millenials, and it gives this old lady so much hope for the future to know that so many of you are so caring. Blessings to each and every one of you. 

What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving season?