Does Anyone Else Wish They Can Go Back To The Kid Version of Themselves?
I'm not talking about going back to childhood and not having any responsibilities, etc. I mean still being an adult........but going back to the same temperament you had when you were a kid. Psychological temperament.

When I was a kid, I did not have any of the anxiety disorders I have now. I felt like pretty much everyone else (normies). Anxiety never stopped me from doing anything. If I wanted to do something, I'd get it done. 

Interacting with other human beings felt more organic and easy. There was no anxiety involved. I didn't even try........it just happened (I'd imagine that's how its supposed to be). Everything was so easy.

Now as an adult, I am a mess of anxiety disorders. It hampers my life in so many ways. The anxiety came during my teenage years. I can't understand why it just suddenly came out of nowhere.............anxiety being such a serious problem that it is....you'd think it should start right from the minute you were born. But its not. It came at a certain point. And that's how anxiety works for most people. It comes during their teenage years. Not in childhood.

If we were that way in childhood, why can't we reach that state again? Is it possible?

I feel like we've all just been corrupted in some way. And I don't mean corrupted in a bad way. I mean corrupted like a hard drive. When hard drives gets fragmented, they don't function like they used to. Normies are simply people who haven't undergone any fragmentation. So that's why they maintain the same temparement they had since they were kids. 

That's why they don't understand what social anxiety is. Because socializing is inherently a pleasurable act..........but anxiety can insert itself into that natural process and '' fragment '' it. 

It's not even like I'm asking for anything unrealistic or out of my reach (like becoming a millionaire or something). What I want is something that I've already experienced! I know what it feels like.