My boss clearly wants me to quit. What now?
**TLDR:** I adore my job and coworkers, but it's becoming clear that my boss wants me to leave. Instead of firing me during company layoffs, she seems to want to bully me until I quit. There is no HR dept *and* there are no other teams I could transfer to that don't already report to my boss. Is finding another job my only option here?

\----

I've worked for my employer for 4 years and received 1 raise during that time. The job is low-stress and I adore my coworkers, so I stayed. Last year, I tried salary negotiations, which were denied, but the CEO said he wanted to start grooming me for a Director role. I truly enjoyed the company culture, environment, coworkers, and the work that I do, so I stayed on board. However, that promotion never came.

Things went south in March. The company laid off 1/3 of their staff, then turned around and hired a new executive from Silicon Valley two weeks later, which seemed like odd timing. I managed to survive the mass layoffs, but I honestly wish they'd just let me go at that time. Ever since, my direct manager has been increasingly micromanaging me, and it seems she's looking for any excuse at all to fire me. She's giving my projects to others then replacing it with busy work, looking at my personal Google calendar on a daily basis (*not* because she's trying to schedule meetings with me either), and writing emails throwing me under the bus to the CEO. She also requires me to have multiple 1:1 meetings with her per day about the same exact project, and in between meetings she will sometimes send passive-aggressive emails. My favorite one was: "Hey, are you in the office today or did you take unapproved PTO?" (I'd already had two meetings *with her* that day, so she knew I was in the office, and I've *never* taken unapproved PTO.)

I'm trying to upward manage my boss and remain professional as much as possible, but it's becoming clear that she's setting me up to fail. During meetings, I've asked her for feedback and asked for specific reasons why she's dissatisfied with my work, but she swears that's not the case... then returns to her passive-aggressive behaviors. I'm so sad because I loved being a part of this company & have great rapport with my colleagues, but I might have to kiss this job goodbye due to this one toxic manager.