Considering taking a 20k pay cut for quality of life improvement. Am I insane? 27yo male, married, looking 85k to 65k.
I’m 27 years old, married with no kids (thinking 4-5 years out), own a home with mortgage well below what we could have afforded and have combined cash savings around 8k with 25k in combined retirement funds. We know we are behind on retirement but came out of school with a combined 100k in student loan debt and have aggressively paid it down to around 40k now (she has BS and I have BS/MBA). Overall we make considerably more right now than we need and have been using that on the student loans. 

I’ve worked in construction management since getting out of school and have had ups and downs with that. I’m very good at it and enjoy building teams and systems, but in two different roles in the industry I’ve experienced the same issues with massive hour expectations and work/life balance struggles. For context, it’s not uncommon to work long weekdays then cap the week off with over 40 hours between Friday to Sunday. My wife and I have had some issues based on her frustration with me never being home and being exhausted to the point of uselessness when I am home. I can’t blame her at all. 

I’m very strongly considering switching to manufacturing and taking a 15-20k hit in salary as a result (in a maintenance management or planning role). I initially started looking for manufacturing roles that would be around the same salary, but most either want lots of industry experience or have major travel elements. This move would however bring my hours down a lot to close to 40, and most of the roles I’m pursuing have flexibility in the hours. She works 530-4 M-Th, and while I don’t expect to work 4 10s it’s looking like I could make my M-F schedule 6-3 or something similar to get home before/when she does. 

I’m leaning heavily towards taking the step, but what negatives am I not considering? I know that this move would delay the student loan payoffs and am completely prepared for that, but what else should I be thinking about? 

Most of my family I talk to tell me to stick it out until the loans are gone, but my big fear is looking back in 4 years at a zero student loan balance and either having lost my wife or realizing I’d wasted a full decade of my youth in an industry I don’t enjoy.