Suddenly disabled. Husband hates and resents me. I’m alone and scared to death
A quick explanation of my (37/F) sudden disability: I was a completely healthy, active adult. A few months ago I woke up in the morning, and the muscles all throughout my body had stopped working properly (so weak they shake). I’ve been getting worse by the week and nobody can figure out what’s wrong with me. I’m in constant terrible pain all over and I’ve gotten so frail I’m nearly bed bound. Medication isnt helping the pain or weakness. Can’t care for myself hardly at all now. 

My husband is barely taking care of things that need to be done (laundry, cleaning, cooking, etc). He just sits and games on his computer. If I mention that chores aren’t being done he starts screaming at me until I’m afraid he’s going to hit me.

It happened again today. He didn’t put laundry away, and I can’t dig through the pile to get what I need. He had just been gaming all day instead of doing chores. I’m too weak to tell the whole story but I wound up in a very unsanitary and embarrassing situation because of it. When I brought up the situation with him, he went berserk. I managed to get to my car and leave the house. But I don’t have a coat and it’s 36 degrees out. I have nowhere to go. I’m estranged from my parents due to physical abuse. And my friends have slowly abandoned me over the last few months. I’m completely alone now. I’m in so much pain I want to kill myself. And knowing I’m an unwanted burden who is doomed to a life of neglect and resentment makes me positive I should do it. I have nothing, can’t take care of myself, and I don’t belong anywhere because I’m useless. I don’t know what to do beside figure out a way to end it all. How did this happen to me..

 
EDIT: I managed to drive about 3 miles away and I’m hiding in a parking lot so he can’t find me and hurt me. I’m cold because I have no coat and no idea how to get one since stores are packed due to the holidays and I’m not strong enough to even walk to the door anyway. I’m hungry. Shaking all over from pain and fear. I don’t know what to do. I can’t even think of a way I’d be able to kill myself because I’m too weak. Why is life so cruel