The absolute stupidest essay that got my friend into Carnegie Mellon
Proof that going full tweak gets u into genius schools

Prompt:
Consider your application as a whole. What do you personally want to emphasize about your application for the admission committee's consideration? Highlight something that's important to you or something you haven't had a chance to
share. Tell us, don't show us (no websites please).

Response:
One thing I would like to emphasize that is extremely important to me is my intense disdain for everything Andrew Carnegie stood for. As a person who believes that the American Dream should be accessible to everyone who is willing to work for it, Carnegie's actions in the American steel industry could never be justified in my eyes. 

Andrew Carnegie was the son of a humble immigrant steelworker. Never would any respectable person ever expect him to be the monster he inevitably became. "Robber baron" does not begin to describe the total absence of decency in any corner of his empty criminal soul. He mercilessly monopolized American steel and destroyed the lives of the American middle-class. 

I strongly believe in the idea that businesses should not be able to monopolize an industry as it gives them too much control over the lives of the people who require the resources it produces. As such l can only condemn Andrew Canegie as a man, despite his contributions to social welfare through his building of libraries and schools. While his legacy may be greater
than just his worst qualities, his despicable actions and crimes against the common American
man were too much to forgive. His workers were underpaid and worked in horrible conditions.
His brutal exploitation of his workforce was all to only contribute to building the monstrous steel
throne that Carnegie attempted to build for himself.

Regardless of my undying loathing for Andrew Carnegie, I do not wish to live at odds
with any person, living or dead. I would hope that by attending the university Carnegie founded
over 100 years ago I can reconcile my differences with the Ghost of Andrew Carnegie, and I
could once again be at peace with the word.