I (25F) approached a random guy on the train, told him he was cute, gave him my number; here's the real life account of what comes after
So, a recap: about two weeks go I posted on this subreddit [a simple question aimed at all men - how would you react if a woman approached you in a public space and gave you her number?](https://www.reddit.com/r/dating/comments/eqtj6e/men_in_this_sub_how_would_you_feel_if_a_woman/)

At the time, I had basically been faced with this situation: a really cute guy caught my eye on the commuter train, and I really wanted to approach him. Because I'm painfully shy and felt unable to make great conversation with him/couldn't stand the humiliation of being so publicly rejected, I took a post-it and wrote my number and a flattering little message on the paper. I held it in my hand forever trying to pluck up the courage to approach him, but he ended up hopping off the train before I had the chance to do it.

I instantly regretted not doing anything about it, and I promised myself that if this ever happened again, I would just. Do. It.

Fast-forward to today. I'm on the commuter train. Yet another guy shows up, and I have the same instinct - he's attractive, he's cute, I'm feeling him. I'm looking at him for a while with my sunglasses on, biting my lip and thinking "Should I really do this?". At the end, I just think "Fuck it, what's the least that can happen?". So I reach in my wallet for the post-it from two weeks ago (hey, might as well re-use it, right?), walked up to him. He was sitting down reading a book. I just said "Hey, I have something I'd like to give you", smiling; he just stares at me, surprised, at say "Oh, thanks", and takes the paper. I walked away immediately, so I'm not even sure that he read it or looked a it. By the time that I look behind me, he's opening his backpack and throwing the piece of paper inside. He looks at me with this dead serious look on his face, no smile, and proceeds to keep reading his book.

I eventually hopped off the train before he did, feeling absolutely defeated, disgusting, ugly, miserable. I mean, he was nice, he said thank you, he didn't do anything wrong per se. But I guess I was hoping for a more enthusiastic reaction, and his "I could kill you" look really demotivated me.

For a few hours I just kept thinking "Well that's it, you're clearly unattractive and unloveable, might as well just forget about dating altogether". But then again, I should be proud of what I did; I took a chance by putting myself out there and did something I never thought I could do. It gave me this strange adrenaline, my heart was beating so fast! His response was quite negative, a lot more than what I thought possible, but I'm trying to be positive and I'm still proud of myself. And hey, maybe some day some guy on some train somewhere, wherever I end, will actually make good use of my number, right?

So, TL;DR: followed people's advice from a few weeks ago to approach people on the train. Ended up getting deadly rejected, but that's okay, because I felt a strange rush I hadn't felt in years. Doesn't matter if the world thinks I'm ugly or fat or whatever, it still made me feel alive!

UPDATE: wow, I did not expect these many responses; I just woke up this morning with so many kind words and interesting thoughts/opinions from you guys. I will definitely be replying to everyone here once I get going with my day. Thank you all for the support and good vibes! <3