Finally have a savings account in the black for the first time in awhile!
So I've been struggling with finances for a long time after having both no financial education given to me when I was younger and a habit of spending myself into stupid holes with crap I don't really need. With no one to guide me and bad habits coming back to bite frequently, I finally had enough. I've been listening to a lot of financial advice videos and podcasts (like Dave Ramsey among others) and have been getting my budget on track for the first time since... 2014, I think? It's been really helpful and I think I'm starting to make progress even if I'm not where I want to be long-term just yet.

Over the last year from August '18 to now, I've accomplished the following:

1. Bought a new (used) laptop that's much better to work with in school (as I am a college student) than my last laptop, and I paid cash for it (about $2,000 with side equipment).
2. Built up an emergency fund on my main bank account to $1,000, as that is Dave's "Baby Step 1" before tackling debts elsewhere.
3. Balanced all of my bank accounts so they have (at the time of writing this) at least $300 in savings each, and I'm putting a small amount back into each account every paycheck. I have 4 accounts and for the last several years, typically 2 of them were in overdraft at any given time, so this is a huge improvement. My goal is $1,000 in each account minimum.
4. Beginning to pay down my student loans while I'm still in college, and also beginning to pay down medical debts from six years ago (which I foolishly ignored and let double, so tackling those feels good).
5. Bought a used car for the first time ever instead of having one given to me; saved about two months for that and paid it off in full last month. About $1,200 plus registration fees, and it's very high fuel economy (Geo Metro) and is saving me money against what I used to drive. I pay about $40 per month in gas for it and I'm driving 50 miles a day.
6. Paying all my bills every month including renting an apartment with a friend (instead of living on campus on financial aid or in someone else's house); renter's insurance, car insurance, electric, groceries, etc. and still having enough left over to pay down the older bills I mentioned above.
7. Not spending as much money on frivolous stuff and keeping track of the miscellaneous things I do buy, making an effort to spend less and less each month on things I don't need and put the rest into savings.
8. Currently have enough to pay about 2.5 months' worth of straight bills if I remain conservative with what I spend. Not including separate savings I have which are education-specific (Pell Grant, Scholarships, AmeriCorps service award), I've got about $2,000 to my name outside the car, the laptop, everything I own, and the bills I'm working on. I haven't had anywhere close to $2,000 readily available in over five years and back then I wasn't paying my own bills, was living with family, and only ever reached about $5,500 after working two jobs with seven-day schedules for about 6 months straight, then I mistakenly blew that in about two or three months. So I'm not back to where I was just yet, but I'm still doing better overall and should surpass my goal in 2020 if I stay moving straight.

This feels really good, guys. I know it sounds like I'm bragging and I apologize for that, but I just genuinely feel great about where I'm at for once. I work full-time while in school so I have very little free time, but it's starting to pay off. I don't use credit cards (both out of principle and because the medical debt shot my credit score, so oh well), and I'm only making $17.50/hr, but even that I'm grateful for as it's more I've made in other jobs I've had. I'm feeling like I might actually have hope for the future and be debt-free in a few years. It's a fantastic feeling.

**EDIT:** This became more popular than I was expecting so I should add some additional info for clarification. I'm 25, and this progress has largely come about since I was 24, hence the mention of "over the last year". However, everything from the list (items 1-8 stating with the computer) has been from November '18 to now, and August was when I started college after a 6-year gap. This story starts further back in 2012 when my dad passed unexpectedly and not long afterward, I was homeless living in his car. He didn't teach me how to handle money properly; in fact, he was terrible with it and died in debt (which I had to pay off myself at 18) and he ruined a lucrative family business and stole money from his family years before, in essence teaching me what not to do instead of what to do. When he was gone I was on my own, moved in with an uncle who gave me a better example of how to handle money, and in 2014 I started saving up that $5,500 I mentioned with the hope of going back to school that much sooner. It didn't happen, I made a series of dumb decisions, and was homeless a second time. At that point I only had myself to blame, but after some medical crises I moved in with my mom, who is still alive but equally as bad with money as my dad was, and she also stole money from family albeit in a more indirect, morally ambiguous way. So between both of them, I had no guidance and no direction. I spent whatever little money I had from work on extravagances and learned to get by without saving for the future, which is a poor plan in just about every way. In early 2018 my mom was put under investigation for something unrelated and our family structure collapsed. She lost our house (not the first time, and dad had done the same thing years before) and it left me trying to pick up the pieces. For a second time I moved in with my uncle, this time determined to not let his generosity be in vain. After fucking around and accomplishing little over six years since leaving high school, I studied for the ACT and SAT in my hours outside of work, all the while paying for storage for my mom's things while she got her situation figured out. I drove 180 miles to the nearest ACT test facility last summer, got a score good enough to get into college with, and finally went back to school on a shoestring budget, knowing fully well the only way I would afford it was to work full-time throughout. From August '18 through now, that's exactly what I've done, as well as having incorporated a move to a cheaper school in another state to help stay within my budget and pay off bills. So I went from being homeless and dealing with my parents' poor decisions to where I'm at now, and I think that makes it all the better.