my mom attempted suicide today
TW: kind of graphic description of suicide attempt 



so at around midnight on 5/31/18 i woke up to my brother coming into my room and screaming that our mom tried to kill herself and that she wasn’t breathing. i immediately got up and went outside, i went into the backyard and into the garage, where my step father was trying really hard to give her CPR. she tried to kill herself by hanging, she took an electrical cord and draped it over a hook on the ceiling, and wrapped it around her neck. thankfully because of how poor her attempt was, she wasn’t fully hanging off of the ground, and was mostly on the ground. we don’t know how long she was out there and we don’t know how long her airway had been cut off. anyway, as soon as my step father got her to start gasping for breath, the paramedics showed up and put an oxygen mask on her. they took her away into the ambulance and my brother, me, and my step father got ready to go to the hospital. eventually we ended up in the ER waiting for answers about my mom. they had first told us that she might have suffered significant brain damage and could end up brain dead. however, they took her to get a CT scan of her brain, and they then told us that they don’t see any significant damage to the brain, no swelling or bleeding, and her neck was not injured significantly. i’m so thankful that the damage that was done wasn’t worse. after the horrifying news we decided to wait to see her, talk to her a little, and then go home. when we were able to go see her i went in first. she was breathing so hard and she was in a coma. i don’t know how long her brain went without oxygen and i just really hope that she wakes up and can make even somewhat of a recovery. all we know as of right now (5:00 AM on 5/31/18) is that she is stable but in critical condition, and now we’re just waiting for her to wake up. i have a lot of thoughts going on in my head right now but mostly i just want her to wake up and not be a vegetable. the only thing i’m really worried about is the fact that she was drinking so much alcohol when she did it, and with her asthma and obesity she’s more at risk of complications.. you really don’t know how much you miss someone and realize how much better you should treat someone until something like this happens. i just wanted to vent about it because everyone is asleep now and i haven’t been able to even think about sleeping. i’m ending my vent here. i love you mom, please wake up.