Right now, I feel as though I can't go on. Life is getting to me, in a big way.
Right now, I feel as though I can't go on. I know the feeling will probably pass because it always does but right now, at this moment, I really do feel like shit. (By the way, I am not suicidal. I just want to lie down and wait for everything to go away) I am so depressed, I haven't even eaten today and that is a big thing for me, because I like food! But I just don't feel like it. I have a headache and my eyes are puffy from crying too much. I have no one to talk to and my girlfriend doesn't understand. In fact, she is making it worse although I don't think she realises. Since going back to Uni after Christmas, I have been feeling down. So much so that all I want to do is lie in bed all day and stare at the walls. I've been ill since the start of Christmas and it hasn't gotten much better so that is probably the main reason for this. Also, I will admit, I am a worrier so anything that happens (or doesn't happen) I always think of the worst. And when I get depressed, I go downhill  because I start thinking of my past, which wasn't pleasant. Although nothing ever happened directly to me, I have been surrounded by illness and death almost all my life, since I was 6 with my Grandad dying. And then my Dad, when I was 8, had a major stroke and almost died. He is still in hospital and although is better than what he used to be, and I feel selfish for saying it, but I want my Dad back, before any of it happened. Moving on, when I was 9, my Mum was diagnosed with lung cancer and a few months before my twelfth birthday, she passed away. It wasn't until I was older (I amm 19 now) that I realised that it really did affect me in such a huge way. Once I love someone, I don't want to let them go and I worry so much about them, that they will just get up and leave or worse. I'm also stupidly afraid of death. Well, in particular, my death. Any illness causes me to believe that I am going to die. Any headache that I have makes me think I will have a stroke. Anyway, what I have written is rather long. I just wanted to get all this off my chest. I'm not really sure if I am asking for advice, just for some to listen so if you do read all of this, thank you very much for taking your time to do so.