Some people honestly surprise me.
Technically it wasn’t a date, but I was having a girls’ night out with my friend and a guy at the bar started talking to me. My friend had been preoccupied at the moment, so it was all right; initially I thought he was cute and liked him well enough.

Then it started taking a nosedive. He started telling me about his life, which I didn’t have much of a problem with on its own—I seem to have a face that screams “Unload your troubles and tell me your life story”, so I’m long-accustomed to this sort of thing and open to it. He told me about his brother’s death, which I was very sorry to hear about. I expressed my condolences, and we began talking about grief. Trying to contribute to the conversation, I told him about losing my dad at a young age. He basically told me that we’re meant to lose our parents and that losing a sibling was worse. I honestly didn’t know what to say to that. Don’t get me wrong, I feel horrible that he lost his brother. But it’s not the damn Grief Olympics. Looking back, he hadn’t even said so much as “Sorry for your loss”. 

It only went downhill from there as I found out we were mutual friends with somebody very close to me, and when I brought it up, he started absolutely trashing this friend (who was thankfully not present). I tried to get in a positive word about my friend edgewise, but he prattled on. At this point, I was thinking “Fuck this”. 

Later that night, he asked me what my plans were. Unsure of what exactly about, I began telling him about the school I am attending. He became impatient and irritated, and clarified that he meant my plan for the night. When I apologized, politely telling him that I was going back with my friend, his entire face darkened and he began huffing a little, shifting in his seat and rolling his eyes angrily. After finding out that he wasn’t taking me home for the night, his entire demeanor had completely blackened with him being clipped and standoffish for the rest of the night.

Needless to say, I made sure that he left the bar before my friend and I left. Bye Felipe.