My coworker went through my email on at least 2 occasions and forwarded herself a few of my emails, I am conflicted on what to do about it
A little background info : I work for a big health care company. I work in one of their medical offices and in my job I interact with many patients a day and I have access to their medical information and have to chart. We have a lot of computers in our department and we use those computers to chart patient info as well as do many other things. My job gives every employee a username and password to log onto windows and that same information is used to log onto our work emails. On certain computers when you log onto windows, you can simply click on the email application and it will open up your work email without entering in a password again.  For my position, there are 2 computers that are primarily used among my coworkers and I, one of those computers i set up to that once we log onto windows, our email will open without needed to enter a password.

So, a few days ago I was logged onto one of the computers because I was working on that computer, i never logged off because i was going back and forth from that room and it takes minutes to log back on. One of my coworkers had come in for a shift for the second half of our day. When she came in she was assigned to work in the room I was originally working in, the one that I was logged on the computer. A few minutes after she had clocked in I went to that room to tell her something and i saw the computer screen was on my email page(I realized i had left my email open because the last time i used it the webpage froze on me and i never got to close it). When my coworker saw me she got startled and made some bs about how she thought she was logged into her email and then said "i will log you out right now" I was suspicious when that happened but didn't think anything of it and just assumed she would log me out since she said she would. That day passed and when i came into work the next day I opened my email to respond to a message I was having with a union representative, when i opened the email somewhere at the top of the email it said "you forwarded this email at 2:06 on January 24th" When I saw that i right away realized something was fishy, i looked through my sent and deleted boxes and nothing was in there. Much to my luck, our email system allows us to recover deleted emails within 30 days and that option popped up and low and behold i recovered 2 deleted emails. Both of those emails were emails I had with a union representative in regards to my job and both of those emails were forwarded to my coworker who was using my  computer and had my email open when i walked in. One of those emails was sent a week before the other, one on January 18th and one on the 24th. On top of that, this girl had to really look through my email to find these conversations. The first one she forwarded was in my sent box so she had to have looked literally through everything. 

I have no clue how to handle this situation: I have a few options: 1. Would be to report her for doing what she did but i'm certain she would get fired. 2. I confront her about what she did and tell her she was wrong and to never do it again to me or anything else, and just ask her how she would feel if someone did this to her etc etc. 

I understand that people can be curious and maybe if they see someones email open they might read what they see on the page (although this is wrong either way), this girl did way more than that she went through many of my emails to find these emails and she freaking sent them to her self. I don't dislike this person and although i would never ever trust them, i dont no if i feel comfortable reporting them because they might lose their job. However, I am conflicted because my job does require us to report certain things to compliance, for example if my coworker was accessing my medical chart or another coworkers chart she would have to be reported right away. However, I don't know if accessing my emails falls under the same category(of course her doing this is still extremely unethical).

What would you guys do if this happened to you? What do you guys think I should do? Will talking to her be enough for her to never do this again or will it simply make our work situation hostile. Will she try to sabotage me for confronting her? Idk I feel like I am in such a tricky situation.