We’re exclusive now!
I’ve (25F) been seeing this guy (37M) since August/September. We never discussed what we were looking for and what our intentions were so boundaries were not created. He was dating other people which lead me to date other people and it was just very stressful because I did want more.
Over the past month a lot things have happened that made me feel confident he felt the same way too. I originally planned this whole speech to give about the situation and call him out for seeing other people blah blah blah. But knowing me I need as few words as possible to get my point across (because my nerves get the best of me and I end up forgetting what I wanted to say). 
So instead I planned on asking him “what do you think about us being exclusive?” because to me that hits all the points I wanted to bring up. It acknowledges the fact we’ve been seeing other people and it indirectly says I have feelings for him and eventually would like a relationship. I went with that.
It was this past Monday morning and we were on the subway. He was going to work and I was heading to the train station to go home. Doing it in a public place isn’t great but it made me more comfortable for some reason. We’re sitting there and I know I have to do it now. “Can I get your opinion on something?” I ask. He says of course. Then I ask him. And oh my god the look on his face. I have never seen him look so nervous/scared. The only thing he says is “well this came out of nowhere”. I told him I apologize for that but there’s no textbook way to really bring this up. We sit in silence for a few more seconds. I can tell the gears are turning in his head. I tell him to be honest with me, and that if he needs to think about it that’s fine. But then he says “okay, yea let’s do it”. It felt like fireworks were going off in my heart but I remained calm on the outside and just smiled. I think I asked him “are you sure?” about five times haha. He said yes and then kissed me. I could tell he was pretty happy.

I still can’t believe it worked out. I’m feeling so relieved and honestly 100 lbs lighter now that all the stress/anxiety is gone. I’m trusting him and the fact that he knows what this is. Can’t wait to see what the future holds (: