Two Depressed people in a relationship
I’m really struggling and need some support right now.  

I’ve been with my boyfriend for a few months, and we clicked immediately.  We’ve always been really forthcoming with our struggles with mental illness.  I tend to lean more into anxiety with sporadic bouts of depression.  He, on the other hand, is a full blown clinically depressed.

The depression started creeping up beginning of September.  At first it was subtle, and I was doing ok with dealing and understanding.  

But now, it’s manifested into full blown anxiety attacks on my end.  I can’t even joke around and be fun anymore, because I consider every thing he says to be to be a slight against me.  I’m misfiring and crying uncontrollably.  And I’m constantly battling between my intellect and what I know (he’s depressed, it’s not a choice, he doesn’t mean to pull away or hurt my feelings when he’s withdrawn, etc.) and my anxiety monologue (something is wrong, because I am wrong, and he’s not telling me because he wants me to break up with him/hurt me).

The major difference between us is, I have a support system.  I have group therapy, one on one therapy, and tools that I use to keep me in check.  But lately, I can feel my codependency on him being happy completely fuck with my own well being.

He says this is just how he is, and has been luke warm to my suggestions to see a therapist (though I know he believes in counseling and has gone in the past).

And it’s also screwed with our intimate side (which I think is a lot of the source of ire).  Sex is important, but my partner’s well being is of course more important.  I am usually the one initiating, but the last few weeks he’s been so down, we can’t connect on that level.  I have my own issues with self worth and feeling desired.  A previous ex of mine withheld sex as a means to get us to break up, so I am on high alert.

It’s really hard to hear he loves me and this has nothing to do with me, but to feel the actions he makes are contradictory.  I am really struggling to allow him this space to process and move through his depression without imploding on my end.