What is it about the 9-5 corporate life that seems to suck my soul away despite having worked much harder in university?
When I was in college, I remember studying all the time, morning and night. Weekends were definitely spent studying and catching up on work. Schoolwork was a 24/7 kind of thing, and it was certainly exacerbated by my school’s quarter system. I probably put in at minimum 2X more work than what I’m doing now in my corporate job. 

Now contrast this to worklife now, and it’s fairly light in comparison.  There’s usually a cutoff time for work, meaning I can just shut off after like 6pmish. I don’t work weekends and the pay is alright. Some days I only have to put in around 4 hours of “real work” in the office. My job is not repetitive either. I work in software product management, not like data entry, accounting, or something like that. 

And yet, I’m feeling much more depressed and drained mentally for some reason. I’ve never had this feeling in my life before, and I’m actually not sure why because objectively speaking, the “work” is less than what I did in college. 

Basically, it feels like a dementor is sucking out all my energy and mood every day. When I get home I have to take a nap and my mind just shuts off.  At first, it wasn’t too bad, but then this never ending cycle started accumulating.  The days started to blend, then the weeks, now I feel like I’m counting in months. I don’t even get excited on holidays anymore because it’s a reminder of how little control over my time I have. 

I’m wondering if this is just a personal problem or there’s something I’m not catching. 

Why is it that I’m able to float around some corporate job and do 50% less work than what I did as student, get paid for it, and still feel like shit?

Is it part of the process of life? Is it the constant routine? The work actual job or company itself? Maybe because there is no more autonomy? Or perhaps my memory is selectively choosing to remember only the positive aspects of college? Or maybe I’m just mentally weak?

Sorry if this post makes me sound like a wuss. I’m just venting and trying to figure out the cause because I don’t want to sound like a little pos in front of my friends and family