I went from loving my job to hating it! How can I adjust to this change?
I was working in a new hospital cafe. It opened in July of 2019, and I have been working there since August. It was like a mini cafeteria. We were a small team. It was 6 of us in total, including the manager.

Due to the Coronavirus outbreak, they shut our cafe down and decided to shove all of us down to the main cafeteria.

The cafeteria downstairs is a completely different work environment from our cafe.

It's too cluttered down there. It's too many people. Like everyone is all in your face. The staff down there aren't very nice. And all the positions down there are pretty much filled. So it's like we are getting in everyone's way.

I was trying to help out some of the employees with prep by making sandwiches. One of my coworkers from my cafe was over there as well. One of the workers stepped away for a moment, and I guess I was taking over her job. When she came back she was like, "Okay, you are in my space!" She was kind of rude about it. Even my coworker told me, "She wasn't really doing anything anyway."

My position at my cafe was Utility/Inventory. I washed dishes, did general cleaning, counted inventory, and helped out with prep cooking and line cooking as needed. I tried to help out the dishwashers in the cafeteria with dishes, and they all told me that they are fine and that they got it. It's like they don't want me helping them.

I've been cleaning the dining area in the cafeteria. I've been doing all the utility. There is already a Utility person in the cafeteria. He's a little lazy and doesn't really do his job. I've been doing all of his work. People are telling me to stop doing all of his work for him and have him do it himself, but I am honestly just trying to stay busy because there isn't really anything to do.

When I am done cleaning the dining area, I have nothing else to do!

And I am baffled as to why the seating area in the cafeteria is still open? Groups of people are still eating in there. I know with the coronavirus going around, they are trying to avoid having groups of people together. I think the seating area should be closed, and it should be carry out only.

Also, I think it was unnecessary for them to close down our cafe. I just think they should've closed our seating area, and it should've just been carry out only. The other eatery in the hospital is a coffee shop, and they are still open. The seating area is closed in the coffee shop.

I hate it down in the cafeteria. Our cafe is perfect. It's a small crew, smaller facility, everyone is in their own space, my manager is amazing, the crew is great, the environment is great, etc.

This coronavirus is ruining everything. I hope this shutdown don't last until the summer because I don't know if I can stand working in the cafeteria for that long.

I didn't start working until I was 21. I waited late because I've been dealing with terrible Social Anxiety my entire life. Within the past two years, I've been trying to challenge myself to overcome it. I've been working for the past 7 months, and I don't want to quit this job as I wanted to be there for at least a year to build up my resume.

I am hoping this shutdown blows over soon.

How can I cope?