UPDATE to the post: My crush rejected me because she's committing to UCLA
Okay so I'm just gonna start of by saying today has been the craziest day of my life. So I told you guys I was gonna ask out the AP lit girl, which I did but before that something else happened. 


During one of the longer passing periods/breaks (15 min), I was at my locker just grabbing my textbook, you know the usual, when the UCLA girl who I asked out comes up to me. We just say hi and and stuff and talk about a class and then there's this awkward silence, which she breaks by saying, and I'm being dead serious, "look, if you want to date, I'm down but the reason I didn't want to at first is because I really hate USC and if we date I feel like I might want to hurt you" 

Like any normal person, I was thinking WTF. Literally reminded me of that "sweet but psycho" song idk but holy shit. I was inwardly freaking the fuck out but played it cool and told her I understand and it's okay, and that we probably shouldn't date then. She just nodded and left and I just stood by my locker for like 5 min wondering what the hell just happened. 

So the break ends and I'm in AP Calc thinking that maybe I just heard her wrong. Maybe she meant emotionally hurt? So I kinda just pretend nothing happened and then 5th period AP LIT finally comes and I see the girl who my friend said likes me (let's call her Selia) sitting in her usual spot. The class was kinda empty except for like 5 people since we had 6 min before class started and people literally rush in literally 1 min before class starts. Anyway, so I go up to her and talk about the hw before saying something like "Hey Selia, so I was wondering if you wanted to go out tonight, maybe go bowling?" (No flames pls I know I'm not the smoothest cactus out there)

But her face just lit up and she was like "Really? Sure!" We exchanged phone numbers and stuff and I don't know if it was cuz she looked super happy or maybe cuz I was gonna go on my first date with someone (yeah again, no flames pls) but I just felt warm inside. And thankful that my friend wasn't trolling me and that she actually liked me lol. 

Anyway, flash forward to the end of the day, I'm heading to the parking lot and when I get to my car, I see it was keyed with the words "UCLA Forever" etched into it. And normally I'd have been annoyed but prolly get over it but I just got this car a few weeks ago for my birthday so I was pissed. I look around the car to see if there was anything else and notice the opposite side of the car was keyed with the words "Fuck USC" and then a happy face. At this point I'm livid. 

So as I'm driving home, I'm tryna think of who could have done this and then I remember what that UCLA girl said when I was by my locker. I don't know for sure if it was her, but I'm more scared than angry at this point. If it was her, holy shit. Like i'm not tryna get killed here over some stupid rivalry. 

Anyway, I get home and tell my Dad and he's kinda mad, especially since I didn't go back to the school office and tell someone. But he said it should be fine cuz he knows a car maintenance/ paint job guy who could probably fix it for free. 

So after that fiasco, at like 4 p.m, I went and picked up my date (drove my mom's car) and we went went bowling and had some food after and it was actually REALLY fun. She's pretty shy so I didn't really know her that well before this, but we share a lot of the same interests and she's... wow. I mean she's pretty, but her personality is just insanely adorable lol sorry if that's cringey but I got me some butterflies in the tummy rn. When I walked her to her porch, she kissed my cheek goodbye and... well my cheek is still tingling. I know for sure I'm infatuated with her, but I hope it turns out to be something more. So happy. Oh and she's most likely gonna attend UCSD so Go Tritons! No crazy UCLA shenanigans on her part. 

I'm legit on cloud 9 rn haha but anyway I guess if there's a moral to be taken from this, don't have a crush on psycho girls (or guys). And also, don't be afraid to interact with people you don't really talk with. You don't have to date them but who knows they may be really cool people!

Edit: I will update when I find out if the UCLA girl is actually the one that did this. Will have to be sneaky about it though. 

Edit 2.0: u/404_life_notfound is the kind soul who golded this post. Thank you!