Attachment Theory and why modern dating sucks
So I love psychology and was recommended this book called "attached. the new science of adult attachment and how it can help you find and keep love". I read it all in 2 days and learned a lot about myself but also my previous partners. I will be putting some ideas from the book mixed with personal experience and what I've been seeing on this subreddit.

First there is a thing called attachment theory which is how we connect with others and how we interact in relationships. There are Four types of attachment styles: Secure, anxious, avoidant, and anxious-avoidant. I unknowingly fell in the anxious-avoidant and it has led me to not find a fulfilling relationship. 

A secure attachment person has healthy expectations for a relationship and can communicate their needs and desires. Note that having needs and expectations is a good thing and not something to be looked down for. A lot of advice I've seen on the page is about not having expectations. The people often asking for advice are asking how to bring up communications or desires which secure people already know how to. This makes up a pretty decent size of the population, i'd say about 50%. These are the people who easily find themselves in a healthy relationship. This doesn't mean they will always be in a healthy one and may end up staying in a unhealthy one because they can forgive their SO and don't keep count against them. They may also be able to communicate and their actions may lead to some changes in their SO but their SO (who is one of the other 3) may fix it temporarily and then fall victim to their attachment style. These are the types of people who are upfront about what they want or need in a relationship early on, have healthy boundaries, and will not deal with games early on.

An anxious attachment person will be constantly seeking attachment and commitment. They are very sensitive to negative signals. They can feel when someone is losing interest, any change will cause an alarm, and they may come off as "clingy". When their alarms go off that they may lose their partner or potential love interests they need to be calmed down and if they're not they may do things like over text, call, get mad, etc... They're fearful and may lash out. Some may try to punish their love interest to teach them to never do that again. They don't communicate their needs clearly out of fear of scaring their partner away from them. They make up about 25% of the population.

An avoidant attachment person is afraid of commitment. This person may do really well until they feel "pressure" or "too close". They may be proud of their independence and don't want to rely on anyone else. This can go to an extreme where they stop paying attention to their Love Interest out of belief that they should also be self-reliant. These people are the type to ghost after someone says they love them or they are showing large amounts of affection toward their  Love Interest. They don't communicate their need for space or for things to slow down. They rather do things to keep their Love Interest at arms length.

Anxious-Avoidant are a combination of anxious and avoidant. These are people who really want a relationship and they get anxious that their love isn't reciprocated so they push away and claim to be self-reliant. 

So what happens when each of these interact with each other?

Anxious vs avoidant tend to be a pull push cycle. Anxious person seeks closeness and tries to get closer while avoidant pushes the other away.

anxious vs anxious may end up in an extremely codependent relationship who are always walking on eggshells with each other.

Avoidant vs avoidant tend to fuck and leave. Never really committing and always looking for something better or just not communicating that they wish they could stay but are afraid.

Secure vs Avoidant are capable of lasting. Secure may not deal with someone wishy washy like an avoidant forcing the avoidant to either run away or deal with their shit. Secure may also give avoidant the space needed for a healthy relationship to be built. 

Secure vs Anxious are also capable of lasting. the secure can communicate to the anxious and ease their tension. The anxious may also push the secure to extremes or get bored of the secure because there is no emotional rollercoaster.

&#x200B;

So what does any of this have to do with online dating? Well the anxious and avoidant people are going to be recycled on these apps because their actions keep them on the dating market. Secure people are more picky and may commit once they find someone worth their time.

So how does one fix this issue? Simply communicate your needs and desires. If you're seeing someone and start freaking out, calmly say what's going on with you and what you need from them. Make sure you date secure people and people who are putting in the effort. It's already hard enough finding someone who like to spend time with but dealing with someone's attachment style is hard if you're not a good fit. Figure out which one you are and work on fixing it.

tldr online dating sucks because insecure people stay recycled on those apps. Figure out which one you are and learn to communicate. Having needs is not a bad thing and keep yourself in check.