Startup founder behaves really odd, what would you do?
I came across a startup from a job ad. It fit my background quite well and I applied and connected with the founder for an informational interview. The founder replied and agreed to a time and date. At the time and date, I never got a call or a follow-up message. 

A few days later, I get an InMail message from the founder saying she saw my application and she thinks it's a good fit and asks to schedule an interview. She seems completely oblivious that she had agreed to the previous interview.

So I give her the benefit of the doubt that she's just crazy busy and inattentive and continue as if nothing had happened just to see where things would go. 

The phone interview comes and it seems to go quite well. I was able to pitch her several techniques I would use to solve some of her challenges.

She follows up a with an email containing technical and behavioral essay questions for me to answer. She asks for things that are outside of the scope of the job listing. But I was able to chalk up an answer anyways. 

She ghosted me for nearly a month afterward despite one followup email the day after. 

Today I receive an email from her with almost the exact technical/behavioral questions. She asks me to respond. It's almost like she had a month-long amnesia and got teleported to a month ago. 

I replied that I would appreciate feedback on my answers. She said she never got it and asks me to send it again. 

I didn't respond and about 12hrs later, she replies the answers I sent her a month ago and says she likes my answers and would like to continue with the interview. 

The founder seems pretty legit. Googling her shows she won a recent competition and she did a postdoc at a prestigious institution. Also, I found a news press from 5 days ago saying that her startup just secured another round of funding from a venture fund backed by Gates and Zuckerberg.

So my gut feeling right now as to why she has behaved the way she has is:

1. She's incredibly busy trying to get a startup going and she's lacking on her organizational skills. 
2. She originally found someone more qualified but that fell through so she's trying to pursue me now.

Either way, her communication is atrocious and I'm pretty sure it'd be bad news to work for someone like this.

Right now, I'm thinking about continuing to find out more about the likelihood of bringing a viable product out to the market, how long it would take, and how I could play a part into making that happen and continue from there.

I'm interested in hearing what you guys think.