Middle of Life, and I am just not sure what to do
I am 51 years old, I have plans in the spring to go back to college, but I am not just sure if that's the right thing or wrong thing to do.

Currently, very sadly, I have been dependent on my parents to pay for my living, for the last 2 years, because I have struggled massively to get a job.

I have just been so burnt out from all my decades of working, and finding incompetent companies, incompetent managers, and corrupt corporate culture, that I just don't trust myself to find a place to work, that won't be just like my worst nightmares.

I don't mind working, but at age 51, I don't want to go back and work for crap fast food, telemarketing, or programming jobs. Where the pay sucks, management incompetent or chaotic, treated like a cog where I don't matter.

I want to go back to college to study Economics and Politics, because I feel that inside my head is a few ideas and solutions to solve our massive incompetent and ineffective federal government. I won't talk politics here, just that I want to be a part of solving our national problems, even if in a small fashion.

I have this complex of wanting to make a difference in my life, because at age 5, I was told I could never have kids. 

So how else will I be remembered, If I don't leave a mark in some fashion?

I am interested in learning economics and politics, but today I took a math assessment test, which went fine, I passed, but didn't do great.

But in the experience of that, what such utter disorganization, miscommunication and chaos, reminds me why I hated my days at other colleges I've been to.

I am very cynical, but I've had many experiences that feed that cynicism. 

I have no friends, outside of my youngest brother, but he's married and he's expecting his first child. So he's pretty busy with his life.

I just want my own life.

My girlfriend, died about 2 years ago, My Cat died 5 years ago, I broke my right leg 3-4 years ago. 

But I am tired of being a victim and feeling like a victim, I want to be sure that I am taking the right path.

I am so afraid of making the wrong move, that sometimes I make no move.

The kind of person I want to be, is the kind that see's patterns, and provides tools and methods to solve our problems. 

I have zero interest in trying to persuade or sell or give speeches. I just want to help solve real problems.

Last early summer I was volunteering locally, to help people study English Second Language, and US Citizenship Testing, and I truly enjoyed that. I like and love helping people, makes me feel worthy and good.

I like helping people, I do help alot of my friends online, and have started recently doing that alot on the reddit site here.

Just don't know how to do that and make enough money to go back to college.

Any thoughts or suggestions?