there is a line between "can I have some of your food" & "I'M EATING ALL YOUR FOOD"
So there is this guy I've been seeing (after yesterday I won't be seeing him again). Anyways, we went to the yearly county fair yesterday, I invited my best friend and her husband so they can finally meet this guy I couldn't seem to shut up about. Lets call him Jim. 

We're having a blast the entire day, then we all start getting hungry. Usually at county fairs here where I live, all the food is deep fried. I'm talking "death on a deepfried stick" ranging from deep-fried sticks of butter to Klondike bars deep fried with added whip cream & a cherry on top. He gets a donut covered 2-patty with 2-cheese burger. I go with the traditional mac n cheese grilled cheese sandwhich. My friend and her husband get their own food. I'm enjoying this cheesy heaven melt in my mouth when out of no where, Jim's hands is in my dish. I look at his plate and its gone... WE LITERALLY BOUGHT THE FOOD 3 MINUTES AGO.

At first I didn't mind because he took the side dish of my main meal. So I let it slide... but he kept eating it, and eating it, until there were no more sides left. I'm almost thinking in my head *this fuck-tard better not ask me for the rest of my heavenly cheese sandwich*... but he does... 

"You're not going to give me a bite?"
"No, you ate all of yours and my chips" 
"really? But it looks so good"
"I know it does, which is why I bought it. Not my fault you ate yours so quick"
"well fine"

And I finished my orgasmic cheesy filled sammich. Out of the corner of my eye I see him, in shock. After last night, I am NEVER going out with him again. Not that I don't mind sharing, but I was taught that If you want someone else's food, you do not stick your fingers in there and start eating. You don't even ask for any either! You either get your own or wait until you are offered. 

Tl;dr Guy I brought to county fair with my friends tried to eat my food along with the food I had in my hand without asking.