I need other people’s opinions so I know what to do
Aita for being dumb

Ok so this started back in early December on Snapchat when I added my crush and started talking to her. Context we’re both 17 and I met her at my old school 3 years ago before I moved 2 years ago, we weren’t very close but we kinda knew each other. But anyways this convo started out when I asked her if she remembered me she said no. (Red flag 1) but my dumb self didn’t think about that. But we talked for a little bit after that and she eventually said she remembered who I was after hearing about some of the classes we were in together and other stuff and after that we talked some more. About 3 days later when I was over at a friends party drunk and high off my ass I decided it was a good idea with my drunk self to confess how I felt since freshman year. And how did that go. Awkwardly as fuck. She said I don’t know you which with my drunk self I didn’t think was a no but I was drunk so I started asking other questions like if she already had a bf or if she was interested in one or why not. Ps she said no she didn’t have a bf, that she really just felt like doing her own thing and just because she didn’t feel like it. But when I woke up sober the next morning I texted her a apology and didn’t get a response so I kinda just went on about my day. After that day though for like the last 2 weeks I decided I was going to give up on being her bf and just try to be her friend. I tried a way too often to try and start conversations by saying things like hi or what’s up or stuff like that and sending streaks or sending good morning or goodnight. But either way this went on for about 2 weeks without any responses until yesterday where she unfriended me on snap but still let me follow her on Instagram.  So I sent a paragraph long apology on Instagram and now I’m waiting to see if she’ll look at it or not. I’m emotionally confused, is there anything I can do to fix this situation or is it just done if you read thanks and please if you can leave honest feedback. Ps I don’t know if this is the right area for this but it seemed like it