Stuck in a job that's ruining my health & job search is hopeless. What do I do now?
I've been an admin assistant for 4 years now. It was fine at first, but I've been struggling in it for over a year. I'm 26F and educated with a Bachelor's Degree. I've outgrown this job because all I do is copy papers and clean the office. The commute takes an hour even though it's only a few miles (traffic is horrendous). They pay is low and I get no health insurance benefits. I've developed IBS and my depression has gotten worse due to the stress of it all. The long commute, low pay, and disorganized management. My boss always gives me last minute work in the last 15 minutes of the day that needs done immediately. I sit there doing almost nothing all day, even though I ask for work to do they say "We don't have anything right now". They wait until the last minute and it's stressing me out so bad. I also can't sleep more than 5 hours a night and it's agonizing.

I've been applying for jobs since January and only got a call back from a receptionist position at a hair salon nearby. It was a joke I applied to it because I figured a crap job would call me back and they did. I've been applying for jobs one step above admin assistant, because I don't want to do this anymore, but I've heard nothing.

I've met with my uni's career department for help and they worked with me. They said my resume and cover letters were great. But they've left it up to me to apply for jobs (I wish they would be recommend me somewhere). Applying online is hopeless and I have no connections.

I still live at home since I have no money to live on my own, so it's financially okay for me to quit the current job and work harder at finding another one, except I pay full price for health insurance. But my parents don't have extra money and consistently need my financial help. We all work together just to keep an apartment and buy food and pay bills, paycheck to paycheck. I write freelance for some websites so I can use that to explain the gap in my employment. I'd like the most to write for a living, but working full time doesn't give me enough free time to pursue it. I've considered part time work, but I will probably need a job that provides health benefits.

I'm scared to quit because I'll lose income to pay for health insurance. I can't afford the penalty at tax season. I'm completely miserable and depressed and hopeless. I have no idea what to do since I'm doing my best and it's not resulting in anything. I don't want to be an assistant forever when I went to university and I'm getting older. It's more of a job suited for someone in college or just out of college, and people have only stayed there for a year and moved on. I've been stuck there and need help getting out.