My call with a start up CEO-Founder
So, i work as a back-end web developer in a medium sized company, 500 people or so and some recruitment agency calls me to discuss this new role they have available which seemed really interesting as it will be with a start up company and i will be their main and first developer if i get the job.

I told the agency woman im interested in the job and what she said about it and told her if she can send my CV that will be great. So she sends the CV and tells me they guy would like to do a phone interview. I tell her thats fine and i will take 15 mins break next day to have the call in a local Costa coffee shop near my work place and it gets set up for next day 9.15am.

Next day i go to work, sign in and prepare for the day then i leave to go to Costa and get there for 9.10. i dont get any call until 9.21. So we discuss and go through my CV, he complains about background noises, so i go to the back of the shop and resume the call, he then says thanks and i will report the feedback to the agency bla bla bla.

This is where it get ridiculous, he calls the agency woman and give 2 VERY BAD feedback points according to him. The agency woman says, he said he wasn't happy i was late for the call, and there was train noises in the background which was VERY unprofessional and he is not sure if he can risk the role specially when his company is a start up. "this is where i interrupted the woman and said, please withdraw my application for this job".

In regards to the 2 points he mentioned, the noises one thats fine to an extend even though im sure there was not trains inside costa and i hope he didn't expect me to call from my work desk to talk about the role.

Now to say that i was late for the call that just showed my this guy must be really really stupid, or just a troll. How was a i late when you're the one supposed to call me.

I'm just trying to make sense here, and what i can come up with is that he is actually stupid, or he found another developer for a cheaper wage to pay or even more technical abilities than me and decided to come up with those feedbacks instead of just saying no i found someone better.