My friend seems to be fading out.
I know this is how life works--- You have friends, some of them stay in your life and others fade out of it naturally. I was venting to someone about one of my faded friendships, and she brought up a good point. Now that you can have all these connections on social media, your faded friends are still kind of ...around. but they aren't and it's unnatural. It sorta goes against the natural order of things.

So here's my latest faded friendship I'm currently sad about-
I dated this guy for a year 7 years ago. we broke up and about 2 years later we became friends again. We would catch up every now and then on the phone, talk about people from high school and college and stuff. I texted him last month for his birthday and he didnt respond for a few days and texted again and he did. But he didn't hold a conversation with me. Yesterday I got curious about what he was up to, so I visited his Facebook page to find he had deleted me. 

He has a new girlfriend now, so maybe that's why. I dunno. He told me a few months ago this new girl was special and it seemed to me that he'd finally met someone that he had mutual feelings with. Maybe talking to me upsets her, or maybe he doesnt want to risk screwing this up with her? 

He was the last friend I had from high school. All the other ones have completely faded out for various reasons, I didn't have many to begin with. My oldest friend from childhood stopped talking to me after i went to college, giving me no explanation. This guy was the last holdout, and I guess it kind of stings that there doesn't seem to be any closure, just another fade away.

I texted him congrats on graduating last weekend, and sent him a brief fb message asking why we aren't fb friends anymore. Maybe he will respond, but I dunno. Maybe he doesn't owe me any explanation, but I wish he'd give me one. I feel like he's done a lot of things for me and I never got to return the favors. I hope I wasn't a selfish friend, and I wish I didn't always look for things to blame myself for. It's tricky to be friends with ex's, so maybe that's why it's done.