I've started calling out guys who ghost me and I've never felt better
It started when I went on a date with a guy from my gym. He was really attractive, honestly I thought he was a little out of my league. Or maybe he didn't think it was a date (we did meet on Hinge though) but he invited me to meet up at the gym again later via text, and when I pitched dinner or drinks instead, he went silent. Honestly, I'm so sick of that shit. We had friendly interactions and worse, we were likely to see each other again at the gym - not so with Covid but I didn't know that at the time.

In the past I'd've seen this guy around the gym after being ghosted and I would have been embarrassed and felt ashamed, but this time something shifted in me. He's the one who should be embarrassed! How hard is it to say no thank you!So, the next day I politely did it for him. I said something along the lines of:"I'll take the silence to mean you'd rather just be buds. Totally understand."

By phrasing it out for him it made it easier, so he responded with a confirmation "yes, just down to climb as friends" and an apology for not answering sooner. But I didn't leave it there, I added "Hey, I get it, rejecting people sucks. but on the receiving end it feels better when you use your words, and it makes it less awkward when we see each other around the gym." He apologized again, and I made it clear we were cool, and it seemed like he left that conversation happier than just ghosting me and I left it happier too feeling like I got a respectful answer and I could see that he didn't actually have such disdain for my invitation or think I'm repulsive etc. And maybe I didn't owe him the kindness, but it felt good to think that with that conversation, maybe he won't ghost girls in the future. Maybe he'll remember what I pointed out, that it's so much more hurtful to have someone you had a nice time with just go silent as opposed to kindly expressing that they're not interested.

Anyway, it's happening again, with a casual hookup this time, and I intend to voice my feelings again. I'm not going to let these guys ignore the fact that I am a person who should be treated with respect. If you date someone or sleep with them, you owe them the respect of a polite response instead of the silent treatment. You don't even have to give a reason, but that dread of sitting around, waiting for an answer, slowly realizing they aren't into you and don't even respect you enough to say so - I'm not taking it anymore. I don't think I've dated assholes, just cowards, and when offered an out they'd probably rather take that out than just go ghost.

So I'm going to be polite and understanding, but I'm going to let people know that it's hurtful and that they should be better. And maybe it'll be a little ripple effect of positivity on the dating scene in my city. And instead of just feeling bad I suggest other people try it too - it feels kind of powerful honestly.

Edit/Update: Despite a lot of people not liking this advice, I had another really positive interaction. I just let him know that I hoped if he didn’t want to hook up again he’d say so and not ghost, which gave him an opportunity to say that he doesn’t and for me to say that I understand, the worlds crazy right now etc. He answered after that and was genuinely kind and I feel like we closed out on much better terms than if I’d just “let it be” or accepted that I’m not owed anything and that’s how it is. Now he doesn’t feel guilty and I am not sitting around, checking my phone, wondering if I’m being ghosted, etc. That dread of not knowing sucks and now we ended on good terms and I don’t have to sit through it. Maybe my approach isn't for everyone but I think it was good for me and my ex-hookup in this case.