Feeling Lost and Weak
Hi there, um, I don’t really know how else to start this, so I’m just gonna go, okay? okay.

I’ve struggled with severe anxiety and depression for basically my whole life. Or maybe not my whole life, it’s hard to remember, but definitely after my mother died. Car accident. Nasty business. I was 12, I saw it happen. I think I’ve been broken ever since then.

It got worse and worse and worse over the course of a decade. I went from honors student, “”gifted””, to dropping out of college. My brain felt like it was clogged up with glue. But I told myself it was all my own fault, that I was just lazy, selfish, immature. Making excuses.

I’ve seen some doctors, therapists too, most of them were incredibly unhelpful. The stress of dealing with the medical system outweighed any help I got from them. Any medications they tried to make me feel better were duds at best.

I went through a really, REALLY bad period about 3-4 years ago. I lost my entire group of friends, and let myself be abused by my partner for far longer than I should. I turned to self-harm, it was the lowest point I’d been in my life. I still see the scars when I look in the mirror.

But then I started to get better! I got new friends, got a job, allowed myself to be proud for once. I stopped self harming, swore never to again. Even after getting sexually harassed by my (thankfully ex) boss, even after losing my grandfather to cancer, I kept it together...for about a year and a half.

Almost exactly one year ago I got hit by a car as I was crossing the street. Physically I was mostly unharmed, but it brought back all those memories from the accident where I lost my mother. I started becoming irritable, lethargic, occasionally manic, and the panic attacks...at one point I was having full panic attacks ever single day.

I knew I needed help, but I felt powerless to get it. I had to leave my old clinic because the stopped taking my insurance. I wanted to switch to insurance through work but I’d already missed the cutoff date. I wouldn’t be able to apply for another year....

I almost made it. But I was unspooling too fast. I ended up leaving that job before I could get the help I needed. But that was fine, I had enough savings to get me through a month or two, I could find a new job.

That was, I don’t even know, three months ago? I haven’t even applied. I just...can’t find the energy. I know I need help, I know I’m really sick, but I just...can’t move. I’ve had the website for a local therapist open in my tabs the whole time (one that I can email, because holy hell phonecalls are an anxiety nightmare even when I’m feeling sane) but everytime I go to reach out I just get paralyzed by anxiety and uncertainty, and I just can’t find the will to muster through it. I haven’t gone back to self-harming but I’m so afraid of ending up back in that place again, it’s been a struggle. I just don’t know what else to do. I just don’t know what I CAN do?! I’ve been exhausted all day but I can’t even sleep. And I feel like I’m crying but my face is utterly still

Fuck I’m sorry this wasn’t supposed to be nearly this long. If you read all that, thanks, sincerely.

TLDR: puppet with strings cut seeks life advice and/ or spare blue fairies