I'm keeping damn near everything I care about a secret from my family.
So. I've spent the last eight years living with my mother and grandmother. Mom's overbearing and has been chasing rainbows for decades, and my grandmother's forgotten what it's like to chase anything and thinks it's weird if Mom and I do. Growing up with them, I came to hide most of the things that I cared about. I was just...very studious. Good little girl getting fabulous grades and never causing any trouble...or having a social life...or going out...or making any long-term plans. I always felt they were watching for any sign of emotion or any deviation from the norm, analyzing, even telling everyone about it (seriously, my grandmother calls everyone if we do anything at all).

Except that it's gotten to me more and more lately. Truth is, my secrecy taints my perception of the things I love. I'm a pretty satisfied, gay sociology major with a wonderful friend who I love to bits. But...let's take that last part. I know that there's nothing wrong with my relationship with her, but because I've hidden it from my family, I start to believe that I'm doing something wrong (because after all, why else would I hide it?), and I can't be myself even when I know my intrusive family is miles away. The same, to some degree, goes for my major--no, don't smile at the interesting journal article, because then *they'll notice*--and almost anything else that moves me. 

It's ridiculous. I've been struggling with this for years, the knowledge (or at least well-supported suspicion) that they're watching everything I do. I've gotten by being the single-minded scholar with the carefully hidden passions, but I shouldn't have to do that. I've considered pulling Mom aside for a chat in the near future, just to get the most important secrets out, so that I can live them without all that stress. I may still do it. It'll probably be difficult and awkward, but since their gaze follows me everywhere now, and I have more and more wonderful things in my life that I'd like not to have to conceal, it just might have to happen anyway.