I don't know if I can keep going...
Hi there. I don't really know who to talk to about this so I thought I'd make a post here...

I feel like my entire life is just a pile of shit, and that nothing I do will ever make it better. It's all I've been able to think about today.

I've been unemployed for months now. No matter how many jobs I apply for, it seems like every resume and every application just disappears into some giant black hole. If I'm lucky, in a month I'll get a generic form email telling me I wasn't chosen for the position. 

Of course, any time I really start thinking about my career options, I am reminded that I have very little in the way of marketable skills. Getting a shitty diploma from a no name college didn't help me at all while leaving me with thousands of dollars of debt. I always end up thinking that I should have gone and learned something useful that would help me get a job, but the more I think of it the less I can think of that I should have done instead...

My family has been quite agitated at my inability to get a job recently, and have basically stopped talking to me. None of my friends live anywhere near me anymore, and while I still get the chance to talk to them online once in a while, it's not really the same as actually seeing them in person.

Every time I see myself in a mirror I just see a worthless disgusting waste of space. I feel like I can never do anything right. I just fail at everything. 

And the worst part of all of this? The worst part is that I can't see it getting any better. I don't see any moving on from here, I can't see it getting better. I don't see my life improving at all in the future, I just see more and more opportunities for things to get worse and worse.

There's a set of railroad tracks about a five minute walk from my apartment. Sometimes I think I should just go over to them in the middle of the night and fall asleep on them. 

I kind of don't want to do it, but every day I find it harder and harder to find a reason to keep going. Sorry for the length of the post.