Failed Dissertation Defense: Need help with writing resources
So, yes, I am that 1% who failed the dissertation defense. As I am picking up the pieces and trying to organize the 7-page document with 89 line items of changes, I am hoping to reach out to other grad students to try to find more resources for a successful re-defend.

First off, let me say this: I take 100% ownership of the failure. I put together the committee. I hired my editor. My name is on the paper. I also pushed for a compressed timeline. I did the defense. I was the CEO (so to speak) of this study. It's on me.

I also see this as an opportunity to make it even better.

&#x200B;

Here's what I think happened...

My committee is made up of a chairperson who is in my program of study (education policy), a person in the education department and then an expert in the field of study. When I got to my defense and I finished my presentation, things quickly went south. I was hit with questions about what the purpose of my study was, and how it didn't line up with my presentation or paper. Then my grammar and writing got picked apart. Finally, I was told I was going to have to re-defend.

The biggest thing was that my expert was expecting a much different paper based upon my proposal. However, my dissertation chair was the only one who was allowed to edit and comment. I ended up going with a conceptual framework based upon the chair's feedback, and the expert panelist wanted a model. Secondly, they picked apart my grammar, saying the writing was terrible. I did send it to an editor and have been working with an editor for the past 2 years (I am dyslexic and have some issues with sentence structure). However, it was still sub-par. Finally, the system is flawed. This particular program only allows the chair to give feedback and edits. The other two committee members do not get the paper until prior to the defense. So if your expert is not the chair, they might not see it until 7 days before the presentation.

&#x200B;

So, here's what I think I need (I am open to all suggestions)

1. A new editor (possibly found one)
2. A professional dissertation advisor/writer. Does this exist? Is there somebody that I can hire to help me look at my data and help me organize my writing process?

My current program's structure doesn't work. The proposal is supposed to be our first 3 chapters (intro, lit review,  methodology), but depending on what you find during the study, this could mean an entire re-write. The paper was disjointed in the end. The lit review didn't match up well with the findings.

3) Resources for better sentence structure. It's been 30 years since I had to do sentence structure. As an adult, is there any resources for basic sentence structure and writing?

&#x200B;

Anyways, just writing this all out has helped me organize some of my thoughts. Thanks in advance. I appreciate any help.

&#x200B;

Edit: USA University. Technology in Arts Education is the topic. (my school is typically education policy focused so I am a bit more interdisciplinary than they are use to)