First tinder match came back around after I lost weight and now it's really shaken my confidence. I'm not sure how to get past it.
I started using tinder for the first time earlier this year after a pretty large amount of weight loss >50lbs. I was feeling confident for the first time in a long while and matched with some great guys as well as some not so great ones. The first guy I actually ended up sleeping with got really weird after the sex and basically gave me a rather soft-handed rejection in the form of telling me he was going to be too busy to see me again. It stung obviously, because I liked him as a person and wouldn't have minded seeing him again, but I just let it go and moved on. 

Spent the following couple months since then making new matches, going on dates, having a pretty good time overall! During that time I lost another pretty fair amount of weight, about 20 pounds. Well, a couple weeks ago that first match and I started chatting again on instagram. Nothing major, in fact it was pretty boring conversation that we both let die fairly quickly. UNTIL I posted a progress photo of my most recent weight loss. 

Within an hour that first match messaged me, telling me that I had slimmed down and was flirting with me, actually fun to talk to again. It only took a few messages for him to ask if I wanted to see him again. I had a nagging suspicion so I asked him straight out if he only wanted to see me again because I'd lost weight. 

He admitted that yes, while he'd thought I had a great personality, was intelligent and fun to spend time with, when we'd slept together,  it turned out that I was bigger than he'd thought (despite having non-edited, true to life full body pics on my profile, AND having gone on a couple dates with me in person) which definitely explains some of the comments he made to me after the sex, as well as the brush off 'I'm too busy to see you again.'

That was a couple weeks ago and the whole thing has really shaken my confidence. I've lost a huge amount of weight but my body is not perfect by any means and it never will be. I've had some great matches lately that I have completely let fizzle just a couple chats into it because when quarantine is all over and we actually have a chance to meet in person, even if the chemistry is great, I'm scared they're just going to be disappointed if I allowed them to see my body.