How do I tell my friend to get her shit together
Some context: I recently moved halfway across the world to attend portage university in the US. My best friend from high school moved to another private university just an hour so we meet all the time. 

I should also mention that we took a pretty hard course in high school (IB) and she did not pass on her first try, she has to rewrite a few of her exams and joined in the spring semester. 

I've always been more focused on school, maybe a bit too much, and she's kind of the opposite. She's also extremely social, and I find it harder to come out of my she'll. But in every other way we get along perfectly and I couldn't imagine not being friends with her. 

Since she's attending college with no aid, and she's not extremely rich or anything, her parents have had to pull quite a few strings to be able to send her to school here. I'm extremely close to her family and I know how proud they are to be sending her here. 

Anyway, now she recently told me that she's taking only 3 out of 4 classes this semester even though her parents are paying the full price and she's not going to tell them. That's 11,000 dollars being wasted. I'm so disappointed in her because I know how much effort her parents are putting in to pay for her schooling. She's being extremely ungrateful, and behaving like a spoilt brat in my opinion, especially considering how she barely even passed high school. My parents only sent me to university in the US on the condition that I got a scholarship, and I would be BEYOND grateful if I was in her position.

I just want her to value what she's being given, and take her education seriously. I really want her to do well in life, and right now I don't see her heading in that direction at all. I don't know how to tell her all of this, even reading it back now I sound so preachy. The one time I tried to have this conversation with her she told me I was putting her in a bad mood so I stopped. 

I feel terrible for thinking so poorly of someone I value so much in life. She's also doing much better socially while I've completely isolated myself this semester, which I don't totally mind, I like being on my own. But I wonder if I'm subconsciously jealous and looking for reasons to put her down. 

Please tell me if my feelings are valid, and if yes, how should I approach the situation?