I am a 28-year-old college graduate stuck in a string of dead-end, service industry jobs. How can I make the leap to a proper career path after so many squandered years?
(I originally posted this over in r/personalfinance before a redditor directed me over to this sub, which really seems to be a better fit for the problem I have. Over there, I got a lot of advice to the effect of going to a trade school or looking into things like technical writing or going back into transcription. This is all good advice, and I have been Googling up a storm researching these possibilities. But I am always willing to listen to people who have a better idea of how to handle this situation. Please, bury me in your tips and observations.)

My resume consists of food service for the most part, though I did spend nearly three years working both back and front of house in a brewery. I've also had stints as a package handler at UPS, some transcription work and a glorified cart mule at Home Depot and Wal-Mart as my first two jobs when I was around 19.
I have usually been employed since the age of 19, though there was a long slog in 2016 where I was unemployed. Thankfully, I got over that hump, and I have been working for Chipotle since September of 2016. It pays $9.00 an hour, which is enough for me to live on in a dirt cheap college town even at less than full-time hours, but I'm really just treading water. I'm not working toward anything, and I don't see any future here.

I am moving away very soon even if it means moving back in with my parents in Atlanta. I let myself get caught in a rut, living only for the weekend and grading my life on how many parties I had been to in the past month. I don't drink or smoke or do any drugs. I have no arrests or any kids or ex-spouses complicating my life, but I've still spent most of my 20s living like the dumb college kid I should have outgrown.

I am closer to 30 than 20 these days, and it has dawned on me that I locked myself out of a lot of opportunities by settling for less and just getting by. Most of my peers are out-earning me several times over with jobs and degrees in IT, medicine, accounting or the sciences. I, on the other hand, have a print journalism degree I'm not using after I realized that for all that I love the written word, I don't really like the nature of journalism all that much. The pay and hours were terrible, I felt like scum for leeching on tragedies, etc. So that's the long and short of it. My life has been fun but unproductive. I'm not asking to earn seven figures a year and take yearly trips to Fiji, but something's got to change or I'll be riding a cash register until I drop dead in my 80s.