Feeling extremely depressed and confused after a breakup.. My [21F] girlfriend broke up with me [20M] I'm confused and still don't know what to do
Hello everyone, well I don't even know where to start. I keep thinking about everything and what could possibly went wrong in our relationship but I just can't figure things out and it's honestly just killing me. It's driving me crazy.. I can't think about nothing else but this whole situation. 
I haven't been sleeping properly, I quitted my job cus I wasn't feeling any motivation at all. I haven't eaten properly in like 2-5 days, I been drinking this past 2 weeks like crazy and smoking till late in the night. Haven't eaten any food whatsoever. 

Well everything started a few weeks ago..  so she's in med school and she was having a rough and stressing week bc of tests and some important exams she had. And that's when she stared losing it. 

When we started dating I knew what I was signing up for. About her probably not replying to my texts or seeing each other for a few days bc of how busy she was from school. I was okay with that I was being supportive anf stuff bc this is her main goal in life.. I wasn't gonna interfere in that. All I wanted was the best for her. So I didn't asked for that much attention at least for me but I was all nuts for her. I was there everyday no matter what. So this is one of the reasons I'm so confused on what went wrong????

So during that specific week I messaged her "good morning babe, have a nice day.. gl in your exams today. Yadaa yadaaa" she didn't reply. 
I wasn't really bothered bc I knew she was busy and stressed. later that day I got on twitter and saw that she RT something so I liked it bc it was funny lmao. And a few minutes went by.. when she decided to text me back saying.. "Oh I saw the notification and I felt so obligated to text you back" 10min went by and she messages me again saying "I can't do this anymore, this is way too much for me. When I was doing my exams today I couldn't focus bc I was thinking about you and that I needed to text you back yadaa yadaa" 
That's when I started kinda freaking out cus she kept messaging me stuff like that. "I don't even have time for myself and obviously I don't have time for you"
She was quick with that and said "we'll talk about this later" I was so confused that I didn't knew what to do atm.

4 days went by and that's when she decided to text me back and she already made up her decision about us breaking up. So she texted me this long paragraph, it was like in parts lol so I'm gonna do it like 1,2,3,4.

1. Hey, I had my last exam today so I'm done with that. I went out with my family and I had so much fun but I couldn't stop thinking about you and that I needed to give you an answer. I know I told you, you were the loml and I wanted to be with you. But I changed my mind and I no longer want that. 
2. I don't have enough time for me and I'm trying to have a "normal life" but I just can't bc of school so basically I don't even have time for you either. And I feel so bad bc I take forever to reply, we haven't seen in days and it must hurt you that the person you love the most takes forever to give you a lil of her time. Like I reply whenever I want or if I have time. And I feel so bad bc of that. 
3. Don't even try holding me back bc I know I'll start questioning myself about my decision and I'll ended up not breaking up with you but we'll be in the same situation. 
[Here's when I started getting a lil confused bc I felt like she wasn't a 100% sure about her decision]
4. I wanna have fun, go out, enjoy myself, develop and mature as a woman. 
[???????? What does this even mean????????] 

5. I don't think about you/us anymore and I don't wanna be with you anymore.
[This was the text that hurted the most like wow it felt like I was getting killed from inside thats when I started crying and I honestly lost it] 

**I just think it's crazy how people change so fast. Like everything came out of nowhere.**

That is pretty much my story.. and like I said I'm still so confused on what went wrong like we were good and all of a sudden she decides to breakup with me. I don't get it. 
I still cry myself to sleep everyday, thinking about her and if I should try to fix things up, idk? Should I try to get her back? 
I want y'all honest opinion, feel free to say whatever you want I can't be more miserable and affected than I am rn..

And this was my first relationship in yearsssssss so I feel that's why I'm feeling like shit rn, bc I thought I founded everything. all I really wanted from a woman in her. Like personality, etc. 
I gave her way too much expectations. I was honestly so happy and plain with her. I don't see myself without her anymore. I was really in love. 
And I still am.. WHAT SHOULD I DO YOU GUYS?

Besides that in case I have to forget about her I don't know how. I still think about her every day. I cry myself to sleep. I haven't eaten anything in like 4 days.. I've been in my room just sleeping.
Help me, please.

TL:DR I was on a long-term relationship and all of a sudden my gf decided to breakup with me. I'm extremely depressed, confused and I still don't know what to do. Should I try to fix things up? We haven't talked in 2 weeks. I also would like to get an insight from you guys and tips.