I'm getting into a soon-to-be startup. I'm worried about several things and I thought that you might be able to help me in figuring out what I should do.
Hello r/jobs, 



Before getting started, I need to point out two things : I am not a native speaker so I apologize in advance for the typos I'm going to make and if you could highlight them it would be very kind of you. The second thing is that I don't know if my partners are on Reddit so I won't be really precise about what we will be working on.



That being said, here we go. I[20/M] am a first year european art student and a couple months ago I met a man at a seminar in a prestigious engineering school. We'll call him Tom. Tom is a PhD student, he is about to finish his paper in a few weeks. His thesis, and his work, are related to a new kind of musical instrument. He has been working on it for three years and a half and is now looking into creating a startup. He is currently looking for money and for partners to work with him.

I'm one of the partners he found. But I'm definitely the least experienced one. The others are another PhD student (in a world class engineering school) who will be working on marketing and help in engineering and the last one is a designer/art gallery director.
He has also found money. Some big players believe in the projects and wants to finance it up to 200k€. The final product will be sold between 5k and 10k€.



I have two concerns. First, I have the impression that Tom is overestimating my skills. My task is going to be a lot of programming (I knew what I was getting into though, I know some stuffs in programming but this is clearly next level for me. On a scale from 1 to 10, I would be a 4 or maybe a 5 in programming skills) to design the UX/visual feedback of the instrument. I don't know if I will be able to meet his demands, since the final product needs to look perfectly clean and professional. 

The other concern is about a totally different thing... *Why me ?* I mean, I get along with him very well, we have the same centers of interest (sound, programming and art) but there is an enormous gap between my experience and his. Tom "hired" me before even getting to know me. At the end of the seminar I was practically in the team already. At the beginning, I think it was because we could get a scholarship with the partnership our schools have, but it didn't work out very well and as I said, he has found money elsewhere. Today, the both of us have been working on a brainstorming and it was really great. He genuinely seems to be a good guy but I can't stop wondering why he chose me instead of a more experienced guy. 

I saw *Jobs* (the movie) the other day, and maybe I'm overreacting but I feel like this could be about money. Since I'm younger and less experienced, would it be a reason to scam me (the word scam sounds a bit strong but I don't know any other word which could do it) ? If you don't know the story, when he got rich, Steve Jobs didn't give any money to a teenager (and others) who was helping them out at the beginning, because he was "just a kid". Yes I know, I'm definitely thinking about this too much.



To be honest, I find this project really cool and interesting. It could really become the next big thing in the world of music and I'm proud to be a part of this adventure - it might not feel that way when you're reading me, but I'm still down to earth and I know it could fail/end at any time - . But I don't know if I'll meet everybody's expectations and it bothers quite a bit. Should I be careful about something ? Share my thoughts with Tom ? Any opinion or advice will be appreciated.



TL;DR : I'm a first year student getting into a startup with people a lot more experienced. Don't know what to think about this.

EDIT : A typo, and several phrasings.