One of my employees has put his two weeks notice (and changed his mind) four times this summer
I work for a small to medium sized company and we have about 50 people employed seasonally and then about 20 people year round. We have quite a few teenagers working in the entry level positions. The typical age range for these employees are ages 16-22, with most of them only working summers.

The person I’m talking about is 18. Fresh out of high school and taking a gap year. He’s come to me and explained that he has trouble with anxiety and isn’t sure what to do. He’s asked to stay on throughout the year. I agreed.

This summer after he’s graduated, however, he’s gave me a letter of resignation four times. And each time he’s come back and said he’s changed his mind. I understand anxiety and making quick decisions but I told him it can’t keep happening. The third time he did it and I sat down with him.

He told me that he isn’t sure what he wants to do and thought it was best he put in his resignation, but then he changed his mind. I told him he has to knock it off and if he needs advice, he’s welcome to come to me, but we will find a replacement the next time he does it. 

Today was the fourth time he did it, and he told most of my staff that he was done (before he told me). He gave me his resignation and two weeks notice and I asked him if he was for real this time, and he said 100%,and I said okay, and wished him good luck. 

Not even 3 hours later, he comes back and asks if he can take back his letter of resignation. I’m not sure what to do at this point. He’s a kid, with a whole host of issues. I’ve been there before. A part of me is feeling that he’s doing this all for attention and so people will beg him to stay, then when he doesn’t (or does) get the reaction he wants, he changes his mind.

**UPDATE**

Today at work, he gave his resignation once more. I looked at him like he lost his damn mind. I told him to not bother to show up to his shift and wished him luck in his future endeavors. He looked offended that I wouldn’t allow him to carry out his two weeks but all of the advice I received from this post made me realize how I’ve been a bit of a pushover.