Should I be worried? Should I bring this up with my TL or boss?
I am not sure about the flair.

Anyway, a little background: I have been an events graphic designer for a company for a little over a month, that has like 70+ events in a year. 

My coworker (A) who is another graphic designer that handles awards in my department told me last Friday that our TL (S) is thinking of hiring another designer to help me with my tasks. But A said that S doesn’t know how to word it to our marketing head/”the boss” (U) without making it sound like a skill problem. Because what if she asks why I can’t handle the tasks by myself? Is it because of my skills or lack thereof? 

The way my job works is that two people from the marketing team (one for summits and one for conferences) sends me design briefs, so I do BOTH the event designs for the summits and conferences. From A and S’s perspective, if the marketing team can have one person for each event, why can’t we have one designer for each instead of me doing both. Note that the person that does the conference marketing is having a difficult time because of her workload.

I’ve been here five weeks. I admit I’m still kinda slow and overwhelmed. However, I was called up by U a day before A told me about what S was thinking of doing. U asked how I was doing because I have been there a month already. She asked if I was overwhelmed, and my go-to response was no. In retrospect, maybe I should have been honest and told her that sometimes I am because of the fact that I am still new and that events overlap with each other so basically I have to do a lot of things for different people at the same time. But IDK, it just felt like the right answer to it was “no” at that time. My thought process was I didn’t want them to regret hiring me because I am incapable of juggling my workload.

On to my tasks… So, what happens when people send me design briefs (DB), is that I or my TL lists them down on this excel to-do list and distribute them throughout the week or the next according to the given deadline. 

**I think my biggest problem is that I tunnel vision**. Like, I only focus on what I’m doing at the moment (usually what’s written first on the list) and then move on to whatever is written next. Also when I get a new DB throughout the day while I’m already doing something, I tend to put off replying to it because I can’t do everything all at once. A, S, and I have different shift schedules. I am left last and sometimes when I am faced with a branding I am unfamiliar with and I have no designers to ask help from, I tend to panic and ask non-designers for help. Sometimes it’s no use as they don’t know the answers either. 

I thought about this last Friday and maybe it would help me a lot if I checked all the DBs for the day *before* starting on anything. If I do that, then I would know what questions to ask the requestors, what files to ask for, what I need help with, and which ones to prioritize before S goes to bed and A leaves the office. Also when I get a new DB when I am alone, I won’t get overwhelmed because I’d know where to put it on my priority list. 

With that said, I do work really hard and try my best to meet the deadlines but sometimes I can’t and have to move them to another date. When I have a lot to do, I can barely quality check before sending them to the requestors. Also the company’s filing and naming systems are still something I am not used to. The email subjects sometimes have acronyms but the design briefs do not and the folder where I am supposed to upload them are named differently as well. We have templates I can use but the file names are so confusing that I can’t find them without someone’s help. That’s really frustrating for me and something I still haven’t gotten used to. People have been super nice and helpful but sometimes they give me impatient vibes, especially S who hired me and is currently training me. An example would be how she responds to my questions, she goes “Giiiirl, that is X. You can find that in the X folder.” Maybe I ask stupid questions, or the same ones and I’m too “slow” for her. I go to her as a last resort now when no one else can answer my questions.

So, I was wondering if I should bring the” hiring a new guy” thing with my S (remember that it was A that told me about hiring a new person not her) and maybe ask her for a productivity review? What exactly do I say? And maybe tell U (marketing head/”the boss”) the truth, the who asked me if I was overwhelmed.

Should I be worried? Maybe they had really high expectations of me when they chose me. And maybe I’m not meeting those expectations. What if I get fired? I actually really enjoy this job even if it is stressful and it would suck to be let go this early.