i feel like i'm living the wrong life
for as long as i can remember i've hated myself. i had really bad self-esteem issues in middle school that i never really dealt with, but i just kinda kept ignoring them and used that "fake it til you make it" method for confidence. and it worked! my life is going great and i'm on track for a great future, except for the fact that it doesn't feel like me.

now i'm in tenth grade, i'm class president, have a 4.0+ gpa, have lots of amazing friends, have pretty decent looks, my parents are still together, and money has never been a problem. however, it feels like i'm living the wrong life. whoever this is, she's doing amazing and is on to do great things. all i know is that i just want to curl up in a ball and stop trying to be that person. i don't deserve this life, and i don't feel like trying anymore.

my dad is a heavy drinker and drug user. don't get me wrong, he's a great dad (he does get hard to be around when drunk though), and considering he drinks 3-4 nights a week and (smokes weed way more often - cocaine sometimes too), i've been exposed to this type of behavior my whole life.

now that school is getting harder, college is approaching, my self esteem issues are coming back, and i've stopped self harming to cope, literally all i can think about anymore is drinking and doing drugs in order to stop feeling this constant guilt of living someone else's life. i've never gotten drunk or high (because i'm class president, if i were to ever go to a party and get caught doing that stuff i'd get into wayyyyy more trouble than anyone else) so i don't know what it feels like. all i know is that my dad has been drinking his whole life to cope with his problems, so it must be pretty good, right? 

all i want is to stop being this preppy girl with straight As that the boys swoon over, and just get shitfaced and forget about everything. i don't want to have another sober moment where i'm aware of what's going on around me. who i am right now and what i'm doing is so much work and it feels unnatural. the guilt of being in a great life like this but not wanting to do anything with it is overwhelming. i truly believe that there was a mix up at birth and i took this life by accident. now, there is someone out there in a shitty circumstance probably hating their life, because i'm accidentally living theirs. last year i tried my best to keep going, to keep working harder, but i think this year might be the year i finally fuck it all up. 

&#x200B;

**disclaimer: i realize now after writing this that i sound super ungrateful for my life, and that's not the case! i'm super thankful for everything i have, i just feel like i don't deserve it.**