Protip: Don't take your kids with you to the store when you're low on cash.
Not taking your kids to the store with you can help save a little bit. Both on money and from beating yourself up due to financial inadequacy. 

Dollar Tree is our go-to place for a lot of necessities and sometimes even food. We've purchased bread, cereal, pasta, 24oz cans of sauce, juice, gallons of drinking water, and hygiene items there in the past. We're not big on name brands for most things so long as what we buy serves it's purpose. We were down to our last five dollars and we're low on food in the house. The little ones immediately lit up at the toys and games, wanting one thing each. Normally, I'd hoard coins and when I had 2 bucks, I'd reserve that for those Dollar Tree trips so we don't buy anything we don't need out of our regular pool of funds. Even when you're making a decent amount, you budget for frivolous items. My husband gently explained to them that we couldn't get them anything this time. We already had to buy toilet paper and were down to just apple juice, a pound of ground beef, and white rice at home and I forgot the coin bag. They had a melt-down that usually comes with being overtired. They cried all the way back to the toy aisle to put their toys  back and cried all the way to the register. A lady felt bad and told them to pick their toys and she'd pay for them because seeing them cry broke her heart. I had to hide down an aisle to cry, myself. I made sure the babies said their thank yous and we did the walk of shame back to our car. 

Next time, either my husband or myself will go to the store to get *needs*. I'll leave them at home so they can rest, so they can play, so they can be occupied. So I don't have to feel defeated all the way home for not being able to get them *wants*.

***Edit/Update:*** I honestly had no idea this was going to take off the way it did. Thank you all for the advice and kind words. To the person that gave me the gold, thank you! It's my first so I'm still in a bit of shock. <3 

Budgeting, saving, and weighing needs vs wants is definitely something we're going to instill in our minions. I'd rather they have a healthy view and be prepared, than have to go through baptism by fire. The hubby and I are taking part of DOL workshops, VA workshops, and any vocational paths so we can be marketable and get better jobs asap! I'm seeing Behavioral Health to keep the depression at bay. Life takes no prisoners. >.>;;;