Do others around the age of 30 struggle with career direction?
I am approaching 30. Work in sales and  have done for just shy of a year, before that I was in a financial  brokerage for a year, and an investment bank for a year. Graduated in Business Management in the UK, on a 4 year with a placement.

The  thing is and this has been the case for all my life and probably is for  many - there's just not something I am so passionate about that I want  to invest all my time specialising in. I left finance because I actually  hated the environment, the people. It was so toxic at one point I  resigned from my brokerage and luckily landed a job in tech sales. It's  now been just shy of a year and there's always so much pressure with  targets and aside from COVID for one moment, your job is under threat  after a period of time if you don't keep up with the numbers.

As  I approach 30, I have come to realise that life ISN'T worth this kind  of stress. And yet I'm earning £50k GBP which is in terms of averages,  pretty decent going for a 29 year old. But it's somehow not important to  me. If anything, it's easy to compare to some of my younger friends who  are in banking and earn even more than that and will continue to earn  more and more. I find myself looking up and thinking I should be doing  better, rather than looking down at say retail workers who earn 20k for  example. Heck, I'm talking to a Brazilian lady on a dating app who is 35  and works in a retail store as well as a restaurant receptionist - I  suddenly look much better than her. It's easy to forget.

But  I think I would be happier if you told me that I found my  girlfriend/wife to be, and was earning 20k, rather than earning say 50k  as I am and being single. There's just nothing that makes me think life  is worth repeating day in day out just to pay a mortgage, retire, and  then die. It just feels so unimportant. I guess I was never lucky enough  to discover my 'passion' from a young age and implement it into my  work. I'm into football but don't want any job around that other than be  a professional football player, which I am not.

I  recently started to look into coding and weigh up whether this would be  worth my time. It's actually interesting, but reading between the lines  it seems that it's going to be very challenging finding work in this  area without a degree, notto mention take years to learn enough to be  job ready.

I just feel kind of  lost and always have done with 'work'. Like there's never been an  underlying purpose/motivation behind it. Anyone else having career blues  around a similar age?