My best friend became a mass murderer. I’ve never been the same since that day.
So, this is a really hard topic to talk about for me. It’s been several years, about 6, and while I’ll forget about what happened, the generalized anxiety it brought still never goes away.   

First off for context, I’m just gonna show who the serial killer was. It was a pretty big story in my state and really big on YouTube if you spent any time on there in 2012.  

[Mr. Anime](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.texasmonthly.com/articles/disturbing-new-details-emerge-about-man-arrested-in-familys-murder/amp/).       

Anyways, I woke up today with a comment from a video on YouTube that I posted on. It was a web documentary that someone did on him, and I thought it was a nice way to get some of this off my chest. Of course, this really didn’t help, and I ended up super anxious. People taunting me about it and all sorts of troll behavior you get in YouTube comments.   

A little backstory: I grew up with Trey from the age of 12 until he killed his family when I was 22. I had been in contact and hung out with him up until like 3 months before he did the act. He cut contact with me around then which I’m pretty sure he either didn’t want to subject me to that or something.   

When I say we were best friends, I mean we were BEST friends. I spent the night at his house 3 times a week. We had all night WoW gaming sessions, his mom would cook us lunch and dinner so we didn’t even have to stop raiding. His family was so good to me, they were basically a second family. I was in his first ever YouTube video, and I continued making shorts and sketches with him, and even helped with a couple of his anime reviews when he specialized his channel. 

When he moved to his grandparents house in Hempstead, I visited often, and we made it kind of a party house. He filled his cabinets with liquor and he loved playing the host whenever I came back from college to visit. We definitely indulged in pot and prescription meds, but we were young and stupid. I didn’t do drugs outside of our weekend chill sessions, and I didn’t realize he had been addicted to those and alcohol.  

The thing about Trey is he always was pretty secretive. If I ever asked him much about his life or his relationship with his parents, he’d try to change the subject. Don’t get me wrong, I knew a lot about him, more than his other friends, but it took a lot of work by me to get him to open up. Many a night smoking weed and me opening up about my feelings before he finally did about his dissatisfaction with life, his lack of a higher education, and his fathers disappointment in him. I would always try to cheer him up and make him feel better and it seemed to work.   

When the murders happened, I didn’t even know what to do. My girlfriend at the time comforted me, but I was just...numb. I literally didn’t feel anything. Then, my roommate at the time was like “oh let’s smoke a bowl that’ll cheer you up!” And that was when I had my first panic attack. I’m talking full on “I’m gonna die oh my god.” This went on for nearly 2 days. Constantly pacing and checking my heart rate. I couldn’t sleep or eat and felt like I was going insane. I actually packed up and drove to Dallas (I lived in Austin) to go to my moms because I didn’t know what to do, and she had a Xanax prescription and gave me one and I slept for nearly 20 hours.   

I’ve struggled with anxiety for years now. I learned it’s caused by PTSD from the events. I have no health insurance so I can’t really go to therapy unless I foot the entire bill so it really sucks, this is my only way to talk about it honestly other than friends who don’t really understand. No one really understands. My dad thinks I should just get over it, shit happens, but he’s never had his fucking best friend kill his second family! A family that was honestly nicer than his real family, who treated him with love and respect and not judgement.  

Anyways, sorry for the erratic writing or if it jumps around a lot. I’m kind of in a panicked mindset because I got triggered by all the memories of Trey. It’s hard for me to organize my thoughts when I get into this mindset. It feels like I can’t focus on any thought and my mind is just swimming and it leaves me confused. If anyone has any questions I’d love to answer, but I’d also love some advice and support. 

Thanks for reading.   

Edit; 

Everyone that responded thank you so so much. You have no idea how much this means to me. I’m in this weird place between joy and guilt that this got so many comments. Joy because I realized people care so much about a random person, and guilt because I feel I don’t deserve that compassion.  
Yes I know that’s stupid but that comes with the anxiety sadly. Like others have said, I feel I may have a bit of survivors guilt because I learned I was actually a target of his, and I read and article by someone yesterday where he did an interview with Texas rangers. Supposedly when he was 13 he was considering killing one of his friends. I know that friend was me. I remember that day because we were playing with guns as country kids will do and I remember him aiming in my general direction but kind of doing a “haha I got you” thing that he loved doing.   

Anyways, I’m trying to respond to everyone, but I work 11am-11pm the next 2 days (yay service industry). So if I haven’t responded yet, I will definitely try. I’ll be going back to my inbox and on this post and trying to get to everyone. Thank you for taking the time to share and care seriously.