is it worth leaving a new job because of really poor leadership?
Hi! I want to keep this as short as possible. 

I started a new job mid April. Everything was going great for the first month until another employee Karen* came back from covid lockdown. She didn’t like the way I did things and began berating me in front of everyone. I told my boss it made me uncomfortable and he said he would talk to her, but he totally folded, which reinforced her shitty behavior. Knowing he couldn’t help me I just tried to keep my mouth shut and ignore it.

She continued making me uncomfortable (yelling at me when things were wrong but also not training me to do it the “right way” beforehand) and I think another coworker noticed. He told my boss’ boss (the owner) I was overwhelmed and getting no help from Karen*. 

The owner to me in his office to talk. He asked what was going on and I said “I do not feel supported by Karen” to which he said “you are not supported by her.” Um, ok???? Wow love to work on a team that doesn’t support you. He went on to say “look we all hate Karen. She does this to everyone and several people have left bc of her. She causes drama and she does her work wrong half the time. But her bark is worse than her bite, it’s just a social learning curve you have to get used to. Just ignore her.” Um, no???? I work directly next to this woman that shits on everything I do and this is the best you can offer? She is directly ahead of me in the work flow how am I supposed to ignore or avoid her. He then tells me, “you’ll learn I have a fear of firing people. I hired Beth* bc she said she was bitchy enough to put Karen in her place, but now they’re buddies. So I’m hoping you can own that work area and run her out of here.” What the fuck??? Lol 

There are a lot of other hairy details I’m leaving out for the sake of hoping someone will read this. They warned me in the interview there would be drama. Red flag!! I feel like I’m being gaslit at this new job and I just want to quit. Before this I was working as a receptionist (earning only a dollar less than doing skilled labor) and they would take me back in a heartbeat. I’m leaving work every day stressed as hell, stomach in knots, and no energy to better myself or find a new job to get out of this situation. Reddit, What do I do?? 

TL;DR my boss knows Karen is problem, won’t do anything about it, and instead offloads the emotional labor of actually managing employees ONTO his employees, causing hellfire every day. Do I leave the company?