Is it worth leaving a job for the sake of your mental health?
TL;DR: The behavior of my toxic boss has taken a toll on my mental health to the point where I now take medication and seek therapy to get through working with her. I have a part-time job on the side that doesn't make much or has any benefits. Is it worth leaving this job for the sake of my mental health and stick out working part-time until something better arrives? 

I've been working for an organization for the past year under an extremely toxic boss. At first, I accepted her micromanaging because I was working in a field that I had no experience in and wanted to make sure that I was doing my job correctly. After a few months at the organization, I was asked to take on additional responsibilities because a co-worker left and that only exacerbated my working relationship with my boss. She constantly lied to me saying that the other manager I was assisting thought I was doing a horrible job and didn't understand why I was doing what I was doing. She demeaned my work performance (whilst managing two brand new roles), telling me I was unqualified to do even the basic functions of my job. I try to work as independently as possible, but because of her micromanagement style, she doesn't hesitate to complain to directors that she constantly has to manage my work. I've tried going back to the directors about this, and they are unwilling to hear my side of things. 

But as a result of the constant undermining, I've started to notice a decline in my performance. I'm constantly on-edge with everything I do and say. Not only does she negatively critique my work and performance, but she also doesn't hesitate to criticize the way I write my emails to vendors and other associates too. It's gotten to the point where I'm petrified responding back to any email I receive. Currently, I'm going to a therapist to help me cope with her behavior and started taking anti-anxiety medication.

I spoke with the person that had the position before me and they ended up leaving the role after five months due to the stress and anxiety our boss caused. 

I've worked in other high-pressure roles in the past but nothing compares to working with her. 

Luckily, I'm in a good position financially if I need to quit. I also have a part-time job that I've had for 15 years that's not a part of my career path, but can offer a temporary income (albeit not much).  Would it be worth leaving this role to work on my mental health and wait for something better to come around?