Masters or Job: How do you tell you manager at your new job "I'll leave as soon as on-campus classes start"? I haven't even started the job. But I want to leave on good terms.
I have always wanted to do Masters from Germany. I was working at my home country, it was a new job and I started to hate it because of the toxic environment. So when I got my student visa I gave a two weeks notice and left the job. The main reason was not the masters, it was the toxicity. My manager was pain in the ass. Anyways, I received an email from the university that they'll conduct the classes online because of corona, this happened just a day before I was supposed to fly. They also said that they classes have been postponed. 
This hit me pretty hard. It's seemed as though all my dreams had been put on pause for an indefinite period of time. Since my graduation (Bachelor's) I have had a job. I didn't know how to cope with this "free time". So I applied for a few jobs. I was also unsure if I want to pursue master's online, because it won't be the same as on-campus. And I applied for jobs that suited my skillsets, aligned with my career goals. I applied mostly at small companies, and only at one multi-national which is also the among the biggest corp in my home country. 

I had been a while, since this happened, and I had to decide whether or not to take online classes, so I availed the option and started my classes. It's been 2.5 months that I've been studying.
So the most unexpected thing happened. I got an interview call from that big company, and I got so excited, I went for the interview. It went well, then the final interview, and finally I landed the job! I couldn't believe it. I landed it so easily. Now they want me to join them, and this just seemed very foolish of me to pass the opportunity like that. I took my time to think about it and accepted the offer. But I'm still not sure, I haven't signed the contract yet. I've only accepted it verbally. 

I had my exams in July, but they've been postponed, the university says they next semester will probably be online as well. But it's not confirmed as of yet and they'll see how things evolve. Which makes sense. 

All of this uncertainty, made me accept the offer. But it really stresses me out when I think about leaving the job in a few months. "What if the university calls on campus for exams?" "What if the next semester is on-campus?" I know leaving a company in a few months does not leave a good impression and ruins the employee's reputation. 

I don't know what to do. Though writing this post has cleared my mind to some extend like I don't think joining was a stupid decision. But I want to tell my manager so that when I leave it doesn't come as a shock to him. But since it's a big company idk how soon a "new" "entry-level" employee should give out that information because that could really work out against me. But again, I don't want to drop a truth bomb, and just come up to them one day with the news that I'm leaving. 

I'm really enjoying studying. And I DO NOT want to put my masters on hold for this job. Legally, I can do both as long as I'm staying in my home country. 

In the interview, they didn't ask me anything regarding my future plans, expected duration of anything like that. They don't even know I'm doing master's.

I was thinking was casually dropping little info so they at least know about my master's. Instead of having a one-to-one serious meeting. 

This whole thing has been extremely stressful. I don't like disappointing people. And I want to leave as soon the classes start on campus. Masters is my first priority.

How and when should I tell my manager? What details should I give? 

Note: The salary package is amazing.
But I having completed my masters from Germany, I know I can land better jobs at better companies.