My friend killed himself and in one of our last conversations I was kind of rude
We would talk pretty often and I did like the guy. He would just say really cryptic long winded things and it would get frustrating cause he's clearly talking over your head intentionally. One of the last things he said, which apparently he sent to other friends too, was that one of his problems over the past few years was "slurping first order desires while as opposed to second and third level and mixing them dirtily with feelings without consistently using a refocus mechanism in the moment to returning to using the brain to think". 

He was a good writer and I kiiiind of know what he means but mostly not. It's an example of where he will use undefined terms and a conversation with him can be just everything he says requires more questions before any meaningful response can be generated. I told him if you want to talk I'm here, but that I was getting tired of nonsense stuff. It was kind of rude and maybe I was one of the last people he felt okay sharing things with and I sort of rejected him slightly. 

I actually felt that way though and I'm not always nice to my friends. It just took so much effort to parse through the messages, run on jam packed sentences and difficult ideas, using abstract terms, using words outside their definition.. It was really exhausting just to understand and respond and I said something like 'frankly I'm getting tired of fielding this crap'. Very upset that I gave into the emotion and framed it like that, discouraging him from talking with me.

I don't think anyone is always sunshine to their friends, you kind of miss out on opportunities to help your friends if you are always positive as a rule it just didn't feel natural. Well after that conversation he said a few things which I didn't have a response immediately to. Fast forward a few days later I send him a video he never sees. Two days later I find out he is gone.

The lesson is definitely not lost on me that you never know where someone is at and things can affect people in ways you don't expect. I don't think that this was a major reason obviously but it sure didn't help to kind of tell him to stop sending nonsensical stuff. That's how I felt though. The other kind of conversation we had I was cool with. He was a funny guy and very creative but took some things seriously and wasn't really set up for stability. I don't know what happened but I think he killed himself. 

About a year or two ago when some people from our home town bullied him with this video mocking him he took it really seriously and went on a hunger strike. I talked with him and went to his house, we talked about life and I brought him to a restaurant where he did eat some soup and break the strike. Since then we talked about exercise and stuff online, and he came over once and played smash bros. We were all positive mainly, I was never rude except for that one time, but he was getting more cryptic and weird and I was not feeling it and didn't know he was feeling like that.