Need to Make a Decision - Student Affairs or Not
So, I am at a crucial precipice and I want to make the right choice; so, I'm enlisting you all for opinions. I really want to be an academic advisor; but, from my research of the industry, in order to get the kind of job I am looking for, I will need a master's degree.

I'm trying to be overly cautious because I have too many mistakes in education and the working world weighing me down and I can't afford to make another one.

Thanks to my parent's assistance in allowing me to live with them rent free, I have the ability to take any two classes as a non-degree student at an undisclosed university in Virginia. 

I also have the ability to take any classes within the Academic Advising Grad. Certificate program at Kansas State. 

My plan as it stands is to take two in-person classes at the state school that are part of the M.S.in Higher Education (Student Affairs) program and to take one distance-learning class that is part of the Academic Advising Grad. Cert. program at K-State.

Cost wise, I'm looking at $2,877.00  for the two Virginia state school classes and $1,654.80 for the one K-State class... for a grand total of: $4,531.80.

In taking these classes, for the state school, I will have completed two classes that are part of the Student Affairs Administration track of the Higher Education master's degree... I will still have 33 credits (11 classes) to go to complete the degree... which, if tuition stays the same (it won't), will cost at least another $15,823.50.

For K-State, to complete the Grad. Cert. in Academic Advising, I am looking at at least four more classes, for a total of $6,619.20 (again, assuming tuition doesn't go up).

So, all in all, in order to pretty much guarantee that I can get an entry level academic advising job somewhere in the country, I'm looking to add another $22,442.70 onto what already amounts to over $150,000 of school debts (all of which I am currently unable to pay down on given my present salary and obligations--again, I have made many mistakes in higher ed up to this point...).

My question is, do you think taking on this new debt for this purpose is worth it? 

The biggest problems I am struggling with are the return on investment and the higher education job market. 

According to the Chronicle of Higher Education, the median salary in the U.S. for an academic adviser is $43,546. For an event-planning assistant (pretty much what I am right now) the median salary in the U.S. is $36,356.

Consider this, however: I make exactly $28,652, which is only 78% of the national median. If, keeping things consistent, I made 78% of the national median for an academic advisor, I'd be looking at about $34,318 per year. So, for an "investment" of $22,442.70 one can say conservatively that I will only increase my salary by less than $6,000 a year (or $250 per pay check). 

Over a 10 year period I'd be looking at about $60,000 more in income; but, my monthly bill to finance that loan would be half of the increase in my salary--so, really it'd only be about $30,000 over a 10 year period (or about $250 extra dollars per month). 

All of this might be acceptable if I could guarantee job security and didn't have worries about the bottom falling out of the higher education market... my guess is we're in a bubble right now with Higher Ed. Admin. and there's nothing for it to do but burst. 

Is this a fair guess?

I just don't know how to predict what life would look like in a world where the niche that I am trying to specialize in goes away... What are your thoughts on this?

(One problem to consider is how versatile a Higher Ed. Admin. degree is (or, is not, in this case)--if I were studying, say, counseling, or something more general, I think I'd be less worried--note that counseling is off the table for me seeing as though a M.S. in Counseling is 61 credits at the state school I'm at).

Another issue I have is that I know the Higher Ed. Admin. courses are going to be easy for me. On the one hand that's a good thing because it means I'll be able to basically BS my way through a master's degree--hopefully maybe even to the point that I am a stand out student and achieve some recognition from the school and the program. But, and this is my greatest concern, I think that if the classes are a joke, it's a huge signal that the actual value of the degree is border-line worthless (except for allowing one to continue in the Higher Ed. world (bubble?) since it's pretty much a requirement to have that credential to obtain a full time job--at least in tough markets like Virginia--maybe not in places like Texas, however). 

What I mean is, I will not really be increasing my skills all that much with a degree in Higher Ed. That concerns me both because I know I can do more and because I know being able to do more is more valuable over time. 

But, what does it mean to do "more"?

Given the trajectory of where our economy is heading (my guess is we're going to need to begin becoming more competitive in manufacturing if we're to ever increase the size of the middle class), I just wonder if it might be better for me to say no to this opportunity right now and work toward something more technical and more difficult--even if it's outside of my present field. 

So, yes, here is the crux of my struggle.

I have had success at studying more technical material than what one finds in student affairs. In particular, I know that if I were to apply myself, I could leverage my ability to work with computers (programming, working with data analysis tools, database management, mathematics, stats., etc.), and ultimately get a job with a starting salary much higher than anything in education. 

So, I guess I wonder if I might be better off diverting any money available for education into a program that builds the kind of skillset marketable enough to earn significantly more than I will as an academic advisor. Say, by studying computer science, engineering, statistics, etc. etc. . . . the chief concern not just being the mental satisfaction of being challenged but the economic incentive of being able to actually pay my bills.

Perhaps instead of signing up for two classes leading into Higher Ed. I could do one Higher Ed. class and one difficult class and prove that what I say is true--that, if I apply myself, I *can* succeed in something more technical. Perhaps that's a gamble worth taking just to ensure that I am not selling myself short...?

What do you guys think?

There's a lot more to all of this--like the fact that I do have 10 months of the Post 9/11 G.I. Bill available... the fact that I currently work in Higher Ed. and have more experience in Higher Ed. than any other industry (except for defense, which I don't wish to get back into), and other things like working conditions... flexibility... personalities with whom I work... etc. etc. All of which might be better in Higher Ed. than elsewhere.