I hate when I’m honest about what I’m looking for from the very beginning, the guy seems totally okay with it and then he goes against my boundaries.
If someone tells you that they’re looking to take things slow and they’re not interested in hooking up right away, BELIEVE THEM and don’t try to change their minds. Don’t even think you can change their minds. It’s such a turn off and it’s obnoxious. 

I had a first date with someone recently, I made it very clear that I was looking to take things slow. I asked him what he was looking for and he said he was looking for a relationship for the long term. Which was great cause that’s what I’m also looking for. He seemed to be totally fine and okay with me wanting to take things slow. He also is aware that I’m still a Virgin and I explained why (basically I had not so great relationships in the past and didn’t feel comfortable sleeping with them, and one had medical issues that got in the way). He seemed to respect that and still wanted to keep seeing me. Well, date one we go back to his place for a movie and he tries mauling me. Very very touchy feely, and I had to tell him to stop. He apologized, said he hoped he wasn’t coming on too strong, blah blah. Well I decided to give him the benefit of the doubt and we went out again the next day. Rinse and repeat. Same shit, but even more so. Told him to chill, he apologized and then when he dropped me off at home I got a lengthy text about him coming off too strong again and that he just can’t help it because he found me to be really attractive and blamed it on his “animal instincts” but said if it happens again I can “put him in his place” and he’ll stop again. And I’m thinking, why do I have to constantly tell him to stop when I’ve already told him multiple times to stop, and when I already made it clear before we met up that I’m not looking to rush things?! Well, 2 days later and it’s date 3. Saaammmeee shit. However outside of that our dates were amazing! But now he’s not responding to me anymore and when he dropped me off last time I saw him I can just tell that there was something wrong. I got a feeling. And now, just no responses. 

So I’m assuming all the nice and sweet stuff he said to me throughout the entire time we were talking was just bullshit and he just wanted to low key try to get me to change my mind about the physical stuff cause he was a horny horn dog. And when he realized after 3 dates that it wasn’t happening, he gave up??? IT WAS 3 DATES! Holy moly. Cause everything else was fine. So I’m baffled if that wasn’t the reason for his ghosting. 

So really. If someone says they wanna take things slow, believe them. If casual sex is all you want then go for someone who actually wants casual sex. and not someone who’s also a damn Virgin if you can’t wait more 6 days lol. 

Keep in mind this guy acted like he was genuinely interested in me, met my mom, I met his parents, constantly texting me, wanted to hangout all the time, made plans for the near future once things open up again, told me I made him really happy, was always excited to see me or hear from me... and for what??? It was a lie to try and get laid? Come on.