I was drunk & I think i was taken advantage of? Please help
So I have a friend who goes to uni overseas. I haven't seen her in 3 years & I finally did at the airport when she flew back to our home country. She was flying back to her hometown & was transitting through the city I lived in. She told me to meet up with her again on her way back to uni as she will be staying overnight at a hotel in the city I live in before flying international the next day. That was on a Friday night when I went to spend the night with her at her hotel room. I brought wine & pizza & was hoping for a girls night. But she invited her other f-buddy to come over for sex & she asked to me wait outside while she did him. I sat by the pool for over 1hr & was annoyed but still waited. Later that night she told me she got tickets to a club to watch a show & said she had a good guy friend (I'll just call him Jake) coming to pick us up. I agreed to go coz I never party, I'm not that kinda girl but I justed wanted to have some fun & live a little so I agreed. Fast forward I got super drunk & my friend said she'd look out for me. She couldn't be really drunk coz she had a flight the next day. Anyways I ended up going back to the hotel room with a friend of Jake that I briefly met. I don't remember how he brought me back to my friend's hotel room coz I was out. But I do remember waking up unconsciously & realizing he had me on the bed with my legs up & I realized he took down my trousers half way so I was half naked. I didn't see my friend, I think she let Jake's friend take me back coz I must've passed out. I felt pain in my lower abdomen, I think Jake tried to have sex with me & I drunkenly blurted out it hurts. Next thing I remember him telling me to pull up my pants & roll over the bed to sleep. I don't know of that was sex coz I am a virgin. Next morning I woke up hungover & saw that my friend had returned with Jake & Jake's friend was asleep on the floor. I had to sober up so I fumbled around the room looking for water then passed out on the floor. Jake's friend moved over to where I was laying & fingered me & I made a noise so he removed his hands from my pants. My friend & Jake were on the bed.

After I left my friend I was so confused. I don't know if I wanted that. I felt violated & I have no one to talk to coz I am deeply embarrassed. I don't know if that was sec coz I've never had sex. And how am I supposed to know if he came in me. In my country, having pre-matiral sex is heavily frowned upon & is a taboo. Please I need advise it has been a week & I feel like I could just die coz the guilt & shame is so unbearable.