I need help choosing a new career (ex-lawyer)
A little about myself.  I'm 30-35, been a licensed lawyer for 5+ years.  Short story, while that is still an option, lets just say it's off the table for now.  I've lived in East coast area my whole life.  I have that typical student loan debt that is insurmountable to the point that I hardly think about it.

I really don't know what I want to do long term, or even short term.  I feel like I've been directionless for the last 7 or so years, ever since I finished law school and passed the bar exam.  I can be very focused and determined when my heart is set on it, like I was with law school.  But it's been difficult to find the thing that is within reach that I really want, at least in the area of my work life and career.  When it comes to other areas, I am not finding it as difficult.

I think some of it is just mental blockage and attitude.  But I think it really comes down to not finding the passion in the first place, even though the passion is likely somewhere... it's hard to commit due to all the uncertainties.

I've been often told that I can do so much with a law degree that isn't legal related.

I am passionate about helping others, gaming, nutrition/exercise, philosophy, writing and reading.  I like strategy, puzzles, analysis of facts and scenarios.  I don't mind when the answer is not as clear as day, I think that's important to be flexible.  I want to care about what I do, but it doesn't have to be part of some grand machination.

A couple careers I've considered/considering:Author - more of a long term thing though, plus the returns may not be sustainable for the amount of time it takes... probably couldn't do this as a career alone starting out.

Bartender - I think I wouldn't mind tending a bar, but the biggest issue is I don't want to work night shifts... so I guess this is off the table.  Too many negative health consequences for me if I work at night.

Contracts administrator - Another job I am not exactly sure what it would entail.  But on the plus side, I remember enjoying and being proficient in contracts law in law school.  I think I still have a solid grasp on the basics of the model laws many states base their laws off of.  I have no idea how to market myself to get this kind of job though.

Policy Analyst - This one sparked my interest because it was described as being part of the political process without being the politician.  I don't know anything about this.

Private investigator - Research... helping people on an individual basis...  Not really knowledgeable about this profession.  But it seems like it would fit me.

Arbitration/mediation - I took a class in law school and enjoyed it.  Not sure how to break into this though.  But helping people come to some kind of resolution, outside of court for much cheaper, is appealing to me.

I'm not really sure what I am looking for by posting this.  Advice.  Similar experiences.  Recommendations.  I appreciate anyone who sticks around to read this entire post.