Irrationally Angry About Intern’s Lack of Skill?
So I’m feeling irrationally angry/disgusted about our company’s new intern and I need people to tell me to relax and move on with my life I guess.

Here is the situation if you’re bored and want to read about my problem(?): 

Our intern couldn’t even hole punch pages properly for document binder that was meant to go out to a client...It’s gross to me because my boss hired this person only because my boss knows the intern’s parents. We got a ton of resumes and portfolios from people with much more talent/attention to detail and educational experience. 

I know I’m being too harsh. I think I really resent people who get all their opportunities because of who their parents are but actually don’t deserve it at all. This is a total waste of my energy but I can’t let it go (wtheck should I be posting this on r/mentalhealth)?

The intern is brand new and only in their 2nd year of college, but people in our line of work have to be extremely detail oriented to avoid expensive mistakes. This type of sloppy work would not even be ok in school.

Why am I so annoyed at this? Am I projecting my own insecurities on this poor person or am I just exhausted by the entitled, useless people of this rich area I am forced to work in because it’s the only area I can find jobs in my profession? 

Thank you for reading my insanity. Please share any helpful thoughts - I think I’m losing it and being very petty, but am curious if other people have ever felt this way about something small at work. I should have used the time I took to write this to finish my work lol the irony 

Please ignore spelling/grammar I’ve never been very eloquent - I don’t even have an excuse. English is my only language.

Y’all have been leaving some helpful and encouraging comments - I really appreciate it, thank you!

Also - I hope I didn’t offend anyone following r/mentalhealth in any way. I was just genuinely concerned this might be considered ruminating or projecting or some other term I don’t quite understand yet because I am uneducated when it comes to the brain