UPDATE: Applying to college with a 1.4 GPA.
Hi everyone! I made a post last fall as a senior in HS regarding my low GPA, basically asking if I had a chance at getting into any school other than community college. I decided to log back on and update anyone who read my [original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ApplyingToCollege/comments/9or8i0/14_gpa_do_i_have_any_chance_anywhere/) and/or cares.

I was able to get a fee waiver so I applied to ten schools. I emailed each school with a brief explanation of my circumstances and asked for my applications to be analyzed with more weight on my senior year grades than my previous three-years. Four schools told me they'll write a note about it in my file, three assured me that they review the applications holistically, and three straight up said no.

Out of the ten schools I applied to, I was accepted into two, waitlisted at two, and rejected from the other six. I interviewed with, and was accepted into a private school in my state with about an 82% acceptance rate. The second school I was accepted into has a 96% acceptance rate. One of the ones I was waitlisted to was my absolute top choice.

For a while, I considered attending the private school I got into, but I just didn't love it there, the campus feel wasn't for me and I'd have preferred a bigger school. The other one that I was accepted into is beautiful but across the country.

I decided to go with community college. I took 16 credits this summer with a 4.0, and recently began the Fall semester where I'm taking another 16. I'm applying to a few schools as a Spring 2020 transfer, including my top choice which I was previously waitlisted to, but I haven't decided for sure if I want to transfer this Spring or wait until Fall 2020.

For all those with low GPAs, for whatever reason, don't lose hope! I remember feeling so depressed about how low my GPA was. My high school was very competitive and had high standards, I used to see other girls crying in the library because their GPAs were 3.8s instead of 4.2. There is nothing wrong with community college or schools with high admission rates. If I was able to get accepted into two schools with a 1.4, you'll get into college. Don't stress too much!