I haven't been okay for a long time. I'm only alive because I don't know how to die.
They say you shouldn't bottle up your feelings. They say honesty is the best policy. They're right of course. But that doesn't mean what should be done is the same as what can be done.

I fucked up. Not in a huge way. Not in a way that affects anyone but me in the long term. I'm a lazy asshole. Am I escaping? Am I hiding? And I distracting myself? Doesn't matter. I was supposed to be working. I wasn't. I got reprimanded. And I'm taking it hard despite the fact everyone is having a fantastic fucking day today.

So here I am, in tears because I take criticism and being called out on my bullshit too personally. I don't want to die. Dieing hurts. Dieing hurts people who give a fuck about you for whatever reason. Dieing is complicated. I want to have never existed. Then no one would hurt.

I want to tell people I'm hurt. But it's not their problem. I want to tell people I'm not okay. But who am I to ruin a perfectly good day? People get so upset when you tell them things that suck. I don't want to make anyone upset. So I go through one day where I'm in pain. Then two days. Then a week, a month, two months... I feel like if I just wait and stay quiet, things will get better, like a toothache you ignore until you don't notice it anymore. Why bother a friend when I can just wait? Eventually the pain leaves and no one is hurt by the end.

But this pain isn't ending. I don't think the pain ever ended before either. New pain digs up the old pain. But I'm not about to ruin anyone's day. I'm not about to complain. My problems are mine. Who am I to foist my problems in someone else who's job isn't to deal with my shit?

That's exactly what it is: shit! What good is shit? What good is a person who has nothing but shit? I want to have never existed. Death seems like the next best thing. But I live in a place with no access to it. No tall bridges. No tall buildings. I'd take pills, but that's not a guarantee. I'd shoot myself with my husband's gun, but I don't want him to get in trouble. I'm too squeamish to open my veins. I don't know how to end this. If I did, I would have left earth months ago.

Just because I'm here doesn't mean I'm okay.

Edit: Gold? Really? Thanks!