Is she toxic ? How do I get out of this relationship without hurting anyone ? :(
so I have been friends with this girl ( Y ) for quite some time . But lately our friendship has been going down the drain , It's just a buildup of some things that have been happening and have happened that I can't turn a blind eye to it anymore . Just recently it was her birthday and we wished her a happy bday but didn't buy her a cake . She did get a cake from her other friends in the next class so that night she called us out indirectly on IG saying how she would spend all of our bday and that she was naive to think that she even had a spot in our heart , she later proceeded to say she was stupid to think this friendship is real & she doesn't matter to us . She has a tendency to call people out on her social media when they're being "unfair" or not nice to her . From my viewpoint , I think just because we're friends doesn't mean  we're not obliged to buy her cake and she usually doesn't even split the bill when we have birthday cakes .

Another thing that really sets me off are her comments whenever I go hang out with other people than her. For example she would ask me where I'm going after school and I would reply " oh I have plans with B "  (my other friend) then she would say & I quote " you bitch why do you hang out with B , you're always hanging out with ugly people . " end quote .  Sometimes Y would say how I'm leaving her for B and how I don't care about Y anymore :( I just feel like Y expects me to be there for her 24/7 and it equals to ignoring her if i decide to hang out with my other friends . Our whole class thinks dealing with Y is a hassle and some have even told me to ignore her but it's just that she is a nice to me and we do have some good memories together but now it's too much for me to handle and sometimes I just want my own space and I can't even get that without seeing another of her post on her social media of how her friends are leaving her  . Just this week she got admitted to the hospital and she pm me saying " just wanted to tell you i won't come to school tomorrow but never mind you don't care anyways "

She was also asking on her social media that if she died would we have anything to tell her . When me & my other friend ( O ) paired up for an activity , Y tells me she's disappointed in me that I chose to pair up with O . These are just some of things that i'm talking about as they're more recent and the ones that really put me off . I'm just tired of all this and sometimes I do like an a\*\*hole for choosing to hang out with my other friends . I literally have no idea what to do , I somehow feel like i'm stuck in the middle with her and my other friends with no exit .