Mental problems after sexual assault has left a gap in my CV, and now no one will hire me.
I hope this is the right place for this, as I'm feeling incredibly hopeless and beat down.

A little over two years ago I was sexually assaulted while still in college. It's not something I like to talk about as it still affects me, but back when it happened it really... well, it ruined my life. I started failing my classes and had to postpone my studies - summer vacation came and I couldn't get a job since I was having constant panic-attacks and anxiety that was through the roof (I went to therapy for this, but that fell through pretty quickly).

Before I could get back up and continue (and finish) my studies it had been one year. I finished my BA in Literature and communications this June, and I have been applying for jobs since then with no luck. At first I thought it had to do with me being under-qualified for the jobs I was applying for, so I applied for lower paying jobs. I then got a few calls from employers asking why I was applying for those jobs, since I was "overqualified" for them. I tried talking my way past that, but they insisted so I went back to applying for the jobs I thought I would then be qualified for.

I have been doing so for a while now, calling in and trying to get an interview, and last week I finally got someone who called me back. However, they simply called to comment on my CV, and pretty much said "You have a gap on your CV, and it's unimpressive". I explained the situation then (without going in to too much detail), and while that made them a bit more understanding I was told that they had unfortunately moved on in the process and couldn't help me.

So... I'm at a loss of what to do. I can't explain the gap in my CV without getting an interview, but I don't seem to be getting interviews because of the gap in my CV. I can't just call employers around saying "Hi, I just applied for a job at your company, and if you notice that there's a gap in my CV here's my mental history and why that is".

I just need to get that first foot in, but I don't know how I'm supposed to do that now. And I'm feeling so distressed and ruined if this one thing that destroyed me two years ago, and has been haunting me since, is now also going to have an affect on my professional career. I just want to move one. I want to become a working part of society.

Is there anyone who's been in a similar situation, or who has an idea or two of what I can do?

&#x200B;

Edit: Perhaps I should have included some more information while first posting this - I have not outright written a gap in my resume. I haven't written "Education 2014-2016 cont. 2018" or something of the sorts. But my credits/points (I don't know what's correct, sorry for the confusion) account for 3 years of education (in Sweden) and my start of studies and end of studies are 4 years apart. And as I did not work during the following summer, there's also no employment listed during of that year.