I need help deciding if my parents are strict or not.
**Trigger warning: Mentions of self harm.**

Hello. My name is Moon.
I am a 15 year old (F) raised under a strict (?) household.

My parents do not know i have reddit. This is the place where i can let all my troubles because i trust people on the internet more then my own parents.

I’ll be talking as if i am confronting my parents.

1) Mom and Dad, i know about your porn account and what you do. You have lied to me saying it’s a service for online shopping. I know your login. I have screenshots of you and Dad sexting complete strangers on the internet. I have seen you take nudes and send them to people. You pay for this service, but i don’t know how much. I have dozens of screenshots that i’ve sent to myself of you chatting with these people. I want to tell someone about this, i do.

2) I dislike it when you scream/scold at me for simple reasons. You end up hitting me because of it, and meanwhile, i’m left there crying. I try my best to relate to you, but no matter how, you won’t listen. I don’t know what to do at this point, so i take it all in.

3) That one time i was in the shower, i was crying because you were telling me i was ungrateful and that i was the reason why my pet bird died. You were drunk with your friends and kicked her and didn’t help her. I don’t like you for this. I remember calling you asking if she was okay, and you said yes.

4) I was mentally and emotionally abused by my ex-girlfriend back in 8th grade. She used to tell me i was worthless, i wasn’t trying, and that i was ugly. 

5) Because of that, i started to self harm. I cut my thighs a lot, and simply say that it’s just bad stretch marks.

6) I don’t feel like i have any privacy. You go through my phone countless times, through my contacts and apps.

7) You don’t know i have discord.

8) I am dating someone named Otto. (M) We met on discord and grew to like eachother, we know how we look like, we know how we sound like. We have made an agreement of boundaries to respect eachother and when we need personal space. He lived is Kansas, and i like in Texas.

9) I don’t know if i have depression or anxiety. I am friends with someone from Texas A&M, his name is Dylan. He is studying for a major in psychology and he has told me i probably have depression.

10) When i was in 7th grade, i used to go to Dylan so tell all my problems to. He was there when you never gave me the physical and emotional attention. He was the one who gifted me the moon necklace for my birthday, not my friends. I called him a ‘secondary’ parent. You don’t know his girlfriend took her own life, and that his mother also died. 

I want to tell my parents about this, but i don’t know how. Every time i try to tell them calmly and with kindness, they proceed to scold me for my actions, calling me useless and ungrateful. I have to take care of two cats, two dogs, and i do most of the stuff for you since you are busy fucking in the bedroom. I do your taxes. I keep count of your things, things you can do yourself. You are almost 50. I don’t think grandma and grandpa would like this.