My bosses gave me a small raise this week without any prior warning. I actually cried.
I've been working in this factory for about two years now, and as much as I like the job it has been hard to make ends meet with my ongoing debt and alcohol problems. I've mostly been sticking with it because it's frightening to abandon a sure thing for something unknown, especially when I have no real savings or anything to fall back on, but I won't pretend that there are a lot of opportunities out there for someone like me anyhow.

I was asked to come see the factory heads this week to talk about something, and I was terrified. I thought I was going to be reprimanded or even fired - that everything I had feared was finally coming home to roost, and that all my attempts to ward it off or make up for it had collapsed. Instead, they told me that they had noticed I've been the common factor in my line-team's success for quite a while now, and that they wanted to give me a raise to reflect it. It wasn't much, just another dollar an hour, but the practical upshot of it is that it will basically pay for my groceries each week on its own. 

I've spent the last two years in revenue neutrality at best, making just enough to survive while saving nothing. This new money is going to be enough to let me go back on the anti-depressants I had to abandon, or maybe even get an appointment or two with someone to help work through my addiction again. I don't know if my bosses know that I'm an alcoholic or not (there are many other people on the floor who are, and for whom it's an open secret with everyone else who works here), but they've still given me a real chance here that I do not intend to fuck up.

I cried in that meeting, much to all of our embarrassment. At least they know I'm seriously thankful. Getting so worked up over a small raise is some /r/LateStageCapitalism shit, I guess, but it's *real*. This is the smallest thing that has ever had the possibility of changing my life, and I am fully prepared to let it.