Boss suddenly changes his mind about the performance of people threatening to leave. Should I try this?
I have a boss who just started in the company a couple months ago and is still trying to learn the ropes. I've been at this company for a couple of years now and have a very good track record (promoted twice, good relationships, etc). We have our performance reviews coming up and I asked my boss how he thinks I'm doing because I'm eligible for a promotion. I've been running the team in the absence of a manager while he was in training and learning about the company and I think I did a really good job of setting targets, delivering on all the goals and so on. No one in my team has done the amount of work I've done in such a short time.

My boss told me that he didn't think I did enough to be promoted and said he didn't know I was thinking about a promotion even though I brought it up several times over the past couple months. OK, no problem, I was thinking maybe me running the team on my own and making sure that the team performed very high in the absence of a manager wasn't good enough so I'll just have to work harder.

Well, I just found out that my co-worker who received feedback that he was not meeting targets and that he wouldn't be getting a good review just last week has now told my boss that he is leaving the company for a higher paying job. And guess what? My boss started telling him that he will get a very high rating if he didn't leave, that he was doing great, he can still change his mind, etc. I also have an offer from another company but I don't like the job so I wasn't planning on taking it. Should I tell my boss that I am planning on taking it since he seems to magically change his mind and bump up ratings of people who are threatening to leave? I don't really have much to lose as I am not planning on staying too long after this anyway. He's been gaslighting me for months and giving me "feedback" on how I shouldn't talk in meeting unless I'm asked a question and now apparently I'm not showing leadership. Any advice?