Life advice?
So New Years just passed and I just went on a former close friend on mine’s instagram page and I was just on social media in general (and before I even finish this, please don’t give me, “everyday goes through life at a different pace”) I noticed that her and other people seem to have actual lives. She performs songs plays, etc , has a relationship etc. and me? No guy had ever looked my way, my life is literally wake up , school, come home, homework, rinse and repeat. I also have social anxiety so it’s hard for me to go out and even then still, I think I’m grossly unattractive. Have never ever taken a good picture, last picture I took was for the school yearbook months ago. I simply just don’t take pictures. I feel behind everyone and everything. I realize how at my age this decade is literally the decade on change for my generation, but I haven’t don’t anything. Never been kissed, held hands, complimented, looked at. And it doesn’t help that I’m a dark skin girl and nowadays boys and men seem to go out of their way especially black men, to point out how they believe dark skin girls are unattractive in all ways. I just feel behind. I mean the girl I was talking about was the girl I did everything with in elementary and middle school till we moved for high school and she had the most basic things that I can’t even get. I mean high schoolers get to y’all about relationships, and me, I’m here too ugly to even be given a second glance. 2020 is off to the worst possible start.i want to be someone’s first choice. I have friends but I know I’m not their first choice, I feel like the leftover friend. I feel like if life is literally not happening for me, I shouldn’t even be alive, what’s the point. And I release that yes I need to go out there, but how do I do that when my head is constantly telling me all my flaws, from the shape of my nose to the darkness of my skin, to my introverted personality. I feel defeated, cause I don’t want this life if it’s all I’m getting, watching every body progress and experience while I’m stuck and I feel I can’t get out.