i (17f) am terrified of relationships but i want one? HELP!
so, i am 17 years old and only have one year of high school left, but i have never been in a relationship. and okay i get it, i'm just 17 and have lots of time ahead of me, but when everyone around me has had their first kiss, been in relationships, etc. it makes me feel pathetic. i haven't even held a guys hand!!!! 

I don't fit in.
I don't like huge parties and those crazy nights sneaking out. I don't like it. i do have anxiety and other things which affect how i feel, but still... idk. 

but my problem that i need advice on is: whats wrong with me?? i really want a relationship but i'm too scared. this boy really liked me for a long time and i DID like him back, but as soon as things got more serious and he mentioned me being a "girlfriend" and hanging out all the time and stuff, i panicked. i pushed him away. yet i sit here and complain to people about how alone and unloved i am, and that alllll i want is a guy to love me. but when someone does, i throw them away and hide. 
like, this guy i legit was head over heel for and OBSESSED with didn't show interest in me for like a year, i was so upset and devastated it ruined my life. i honestly loved him (dont say i din't because trust me i know that im only 17.... but trust me, i did). but now he is showing interest in me and im absolutely terrified. he asked me to hangout next week and i think im gonna run and hide, but i don't wanna..... i want him so baly but im so scared!! im gonna ruin it like i always do... HELP!!

i feel so different, like an outsider. i look at things differently. 
i dont like parties, sneaking out, and all that "teenager high school rebellious" stuff. i dont like it. i dont like crowds or anything, i would rather be alone than out at parties. 
and i dont wanna have sex or anything, i am not ready. and i know i dont have to do that with anyone under any circumstances but it feels like all guys i know expect it. like its a requirement most people have that i can't meet. im scared everyone i like is gonna try it and i will embarrass myself whe i pull away and say no.  
yet, i think about it and occasionally want it, but I DONT. like i wont do it, im not ready. but i dont even know. 
i just feel so screwed up and complicated and alone in the world. 
i want someone to hold me and cuddle all the time, not someone just to get dirty with. 
im into relationships for the personal soul connection stuff, not for someones body. 
but im too scared.

i am also terrfified to kiss someone. like what if i mess it all up and they hate me. not worth it. 
i think im so scared of failing that i would rather not try at all.
like when someone takes a photo of me i make a funny face because to me, looking crazy on purpose is better than trying to look good but looking just as bad. it is kinda like that..? 
i have severe anxiety, depression, and OCD, and i dont know what to do. 
this guy who asked me to hangout knows a lot about me, he knows my past with suicide, he knows my ocd and anxiety are bad, he knows i have a hard time, but he doesn't know THIS. because i DO wanna kiss him, but im too scared. 

why am i so scared... :( i wanna be normal like everyone else........ im just pathetic, HELP!!!!!