In this world, all we have are the connections we make, but people only like you if you have something they desire.
Whether that something is money, talent, compassion, intelligence, kindness, etc., doesn’t matter as long as it benefits them. 


This may be a post that has been said here before, somewhere by someone, and I hate being redundant but it’s good to know that I’m not the only person experiencing this pain. 

I spent my entire youth overweight. I was always the heaviest kid in class and I was always the brunt of everyone’s jokes. I spent a lot of time reading and keeping to myself, and almost committed suicide in 7th grade until these kids came over and forced me to sit at their table so I wouldn’t be lonely. I thought I had managed to find a friend group up through high school, but I found out shortly after that all they ever did behind my back was make fun of me and whenever I started making fun of them back suddenly I was the bully and they were the victims. 

I don’t know if anyone here has read or heard of the poem called “To This Day” by Shane Koyczan, but it’s a pretty accurate statement to my thought process regarding myself. I grew up believing in love, knowing it existed, always thinking it would eventually happen to me. 

It never did. Not once. Every girl I ever fell in love with or guy that I thought we would be closer just changed, and ending up mocking me or leading me on, treating me like an option rather than a choice. And yet I still craved it. 

I realized I was kidding myself about my weight my freshman year of college, and started getting my physical health together. It took me two semester but I lost 40 lbs and dropped from 210 to 170. Best shape of my life. I was happy with the way I looked, well, happier. 

Then I started getting noticed by all the girls who previously didn’t even regard me as a choice. After so long of being so belittled by my weight and starving for love and attention from somebody other than the people who raised me, I enjoyed it. I even found a girlfriend. But I hadn’t worked on myself mentally. I was still the same, sad little boy just looking for comfort. My girlfriend at the time asked me what was wrong one night, because she saw I was very sad, and I wanted to tell her everything but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. I couldn’t bring myself to open up and have her think I’m some sort of freak or loser only faking sadness to gain attention. 

I ended up ghosting her for a year afterwards. To this day I’ve never really forgiven myself for that. I think I’ve moved on, but I don’t really know. 

I’m in my senior year, and have discovered something that I hope isn’t the truth but it feels to accurate to be false. I’ve tried expressing interests to girls that I like, but since I’m back to my 200 lbs weight, none of them are interested in me the way I am them. I’m not going after super models mind you, just average girls. 

I can’t tell if it’s my weight or they can sense my brooding aura or smell my insecurities or if they’re just not interested at all. It’s always a “Maybe.” With the girls I have interest in. Never a yes or no just a “Maybe” and then they go off and find interest in someone else. 

I’m not mad at them for that, I’m disappointed that they couldn’t just tell me they weren’t interested. Don’t get my hopes up like that. Don’t lead me with a maybe. 

Anyway, the epiphany I had was “They’ll only want you if you become something that benefits them. Right now, you don’t benefit anybody. Not even yourself.”

I’m working out 5 days a week and eating a variety of foods that aren’t high in fat or sugar or anything processed and drinking lots of water, getting enough sleep but I still can’t evade this pervasive feeling of worthlessness. Not even my acting or writing classes bring me any sort of joy, and I’m scared I’m falling further into the void of depression and since I’m sober now all these feelings hit hard from everywhere at once and sometimes I just want to cry because all I’m doing is staring at a wall, thinking nothing, feeling empty. 

I don’t know what to do except keep moving forward but how can I move forward if I’m constantly reminded of the past?