My breakup is killing me
Sorry about the melodramatic title, but this really is what it feels like. I'll try to keep this story short, however I could keep on talking for hours and if someone one this sub was willing to have a talk with me by PMs I'd love to because I'm just so incredibly lonely right now.

About a week ago my girlfriend of 2 years broke up with me. It was a stupid breakup and I feel like my behaviour is the reason for why we broke up, even though she too made plenty of mistakes. When I lost her I once again realized how much she meant to me and that I didn't want to lose her at any costs so I tried to get her back. But all I got were mean-spirited messages saying how she doesn't miss me, she's realized we're incompatible and that she's glad I moved out.

Some days ago I created a tinder profile because I thought it'd help me get over her. Guess what, first evening on tinder I saw her profile. And it fucking killed me inside. The next days, she would routinely put some nice clothes on and leave, while I was stuck in the living room watching her leave to some tinder date, and it killed me. That's when I realized I had to leave.. so while she was at work I packed up all my stuff and left, leaving her one last voice message that I can't take the situation and that I still want her back. That's when I got her mean-spirited message.

I feel like she was all I had. People I talk to are telling me to distract myself with things that are fun to me, but frankly, I don't know what's fun to me anymore. Watching tv shows? Gaming? Playing the guitar? I feel like watching shows and gaming are just occupational therapy to me. I used to love playing the guitar, at least I think so, but nowadays I feel so fucking bad whenever I play that it's hard to call it fun either. Sports? I've gained some weight so I decided I wanted to lose \~10kg. That was a week ago, the same day she broke up with me (in fact, it's kind of the reason why we got into the fight responsible for our breakup). After that, I trained every day, thinking it'd help me lose weight. But in fact, while I lost \~1.5kg within a week, almost half of that was apparently muscle mass. I found out about that yesterday. Now I don't even want to train anymore.

In the last few weeks, I found myself repeatedly contemplating "passive" suicide, as in, it wouldn't be so bad if I drove recklessly and that killed me some day, wouldn't it? Now, I feel like I actually want to die. She had issues, and sometimes those issues really annoyed the hell out of me. But who doesn't have those? I feel stupid for losing her and I feel like I won't ever be able to forgive myself. I was ready to marry this girl, but I lost her, due to my own stupidity. I won't ever find another woman like her again, I know that for certain, and I hate myself for it. I would do anything to get back with her, but she has made it clear that she's not interested in me anymore.

Now I know that she will go on tons of tinder dates, kiss other guys, have sex with other guys, maybe in our shared bed and it's killing me inside. Is it jealousy? Purely hormonal? I hope it is because if this feeling goes on, I think I'm actually going to try something. I'm not in therapy, I know I should be, but my depression is making it hard to actually get a therapist. Not to mention that usually you'll have to wait a few months until there's a vacant spot. Please help me