When it’s right, it’s right.
  

I have posted a couple times on here and just wanted to share a very positive experience.

Him \[26M\] and I \[24F\] met on an online dating app. Our third date was great but ended on a really awkward kiss (my first one). We had another date planned for yesterday. The day already started off great when he asked to meet up an hour earlier than planned because he “couldn’t wait.” He picked me up at my house. We went to his favorite restaurant for dinner because we were celebrating some big news for him. Over dinner we had a couple pauses where we would kind of just look at each other and smile a lot. I was like “what?” He told me he wasn’t seeing anyone else and I told him I wasn’t either. It was super cute. Turns out that I was the last person he was going to try dating with on the app before deleting it and he just happened to be the first person I matched with. Luck has been on our sides. We hold hands walking back to the car and drive back to my house. I live with my parents but invited him inside because I had made dessert for him (again, to celebrate his big news). We go downstairs. I could hear my parents upstairs and didn’t know if it was too soon to introduce him to them but I thought “what the hell, let’s do it.” They meet each other and it goes super well. We go back downstairs and sit on my couch eating the dessert.  Again, we just have those moments where we look at each other and smile a lot. Then, he hesitantly asks me if the kiss on our last date was my first one. Which is super embarrassing for me so I ask him, “what if it was?” He says he would feel really bad, that he didn’t want to rush things but he really wanted to kiss me last time so he did. I tell him not to worry about it, just that I don’t know what I am doing so he’s going to have to take the lead. In retrospect this whole conversation was perfect to me. He was so nice and understanding, I can’t explain it. So this time when he goes in for a kiss we are completely on the same page, it was so much better. I still don’t know what I am doing but I feel whole lot better about it because of him. We just sat there talking with each other and holding hands for a while until he had to go because he had to go to work the next day. It was the most perfect night. 

I just wanted to spread some positivity for those of you that might feel “behind” in terms of dating like I did. There are people out there that will be so good to you and make you feel so special because they like you so much and they will go at your pace just to make you feel comfortable – the hard part is finding them! I am definitely lucky in that regard.