Holographic Superfluid Space Time and Temperature I am approaching this from a layman\u2019s perspective and curious about what those more expert in the field have to say about my understanding of Superfluid vacuum theory and the holographic principle and my corresponding question.Recent studies (I believe these were mathematical modeling studies rather than experiments) have suggested that superfluids; specifically liquid helium, exhibit similar holographic characteristics as blackholes. That is that their entropy/informational content is proportional to their surface area rather than their volume. Similarly the universe has been calculated to have this holographic nature; that it\u2019s informational content corresponds to its scale in 2 dimensions rather than 3.My understanding of superfluids are that they form at extremely low temperatures; close to absolute zero. That once formed such superfluids (droplets of them propelled by pilot waves on their surface) can exhibit properties seen in wave particle duality and quantum tunneling. That superfluids expand or spread to equilibrium regardless of gravity similar to the way in which the universe is seemingly accelerating in expansion towards a \u201ccold death\u201d. Aspects such as these have been referenced to suggest the universe or reality itself is at a fundamental level a superfluid. (Superfluid vacuum theory)My question is whether such a superfluid model of reality is suggestive of the possibility that space time itself undergoes \u201cphase changes\u201d and therefore may not always have behaved the way that it does now. I note the temperature of the universe is very close to absolute zero but it has been cooling since the \u201cBig Bang\u201d. Could it be that the Big Bang itself was infact some form of phase change whereby our laws of physics and reality itself essentially condensed into existence as a zero viscosity holographic superfluid the surface of which all information is represented on? Would this then suggest that the universe may have existed prior to the Big Bang but simply in a very different form (one where quantum mechanics would not have functioned as it does now)?