Stuck with install of dual-boot on \u201cremove installation media\u201d I am trying to install a dual-boot system on my windows computer (HP Spectre).  I have turned off secure boot and fast boot, partitioned my hard drive (I gave 100GB to Ubuntu) and created a USB Drive that was formatted to have the Ubuntu boot on it (I don\u2019t have a DVD drive on my computer, so I have to use USB).  I used Rufus 3.1 to accomplish this.  I also changed my boot order to boot first to the USB HDD.When I boot up with the USB drive inserted, it boots to the GRUB Menu.  I have tried both \"Try Ubuntu\" and \"Install Ubuntu\".  Both bring me to an Ubuntu loading screen, and then to one that says \u201cPlease remove the installation medium, then press ENTER\u201d.  If I do not do anything, it will just stay there.  If remove the USB drive and press enter, it shuts down the computer.  If I DON\u2019T remove the USB drive and just press enter, the same occurs.After the shutdown, I have tried to restart.  Restart without the USB drive loads Windows 10.  Restart with the USB drive brings me back to the GRUB startup screen.I have tried multiple USB ports and USB drives, so that is not the issue.  The computer is a 2018 model laptop with intel i7, 16GB RAM, and a SSD - power or RAM shouldn\u2019t be a problem. I have also tried the \u201ccheck for problems with the disk\u201d option - it shows no issues. Heat is also not an issue - I tried this in the refrigerator and freezer, and it occurs no matter how hot or cool the computer runs.  At this point, I\u2019m pretty much out of steps.  Has anyone had the same difficulty?  Does anyone know how to fix it?  Thanks.EDIT: I tried to follow all of the steps in the mentioned article, and it does not solve the problem.  The question fails to explain a working solution to the problem - instillation with the USB media stops at the stage mentioned above, and there\u2019s is no way that I can find (including boot options menu) to get to the boot without the drive installed.  Also, even if I select the \u201ctry Ubuntu\u201d option, I get the same issue - I cannot get into a live Ubuntu Session beyond the Ubuntu loading screenEDIT #2:  I don't know what caused the problem, but I was able to fix through this process:When at the grub bootloader, select the \"try ubuntu\" option, and press \"e\" for edit command.  In the edit command screen, add acpi=off to the end of the first command.  That fixed it for me.