Help my Assassin Kill His Target This normal looking man here is called Sam, and he\u2019s about to kill a VERY important person whose death will bring about a great war. This would-be assassin is posing as an Alliance guard, face lift and everything. Sam and his extremist group (RED HAND) plan to kill the Commonwealth's president, and make it look like the Alliance did it (they are in cold war hostilities with each other). You are a tactician for the RED HAND; help guide Sam in picking the right weapon and the right plan. Go now comrade and bring the red death with you.   A major conference is being held in the demilitarized zone with all the most important officials going. The RED HAND with great loss of life and money got Sam a new face and ID as an Alliance security guard. Sam is ready and totally committed to the course. He is ready to die for the plan, but even better yet he is ready to kill for it.Layout Info:The conference will take place inside an old two story theatre. Both sides will have heavy security in place both outside and inside, but inside the theatre no one is allowed to carry guns, only stun batons. Sam has access to the building BUT will be checked for weapons by security when entering (both a metal detector and a pat down so carry light and NO metals). The target is protected by security at all times except when making a speech. Sam was the only operative from the RED HAND to make into the conference alive, so no back up and no helping HAND.Plan of engagement:Sam has false teeth with a hidden compartment inside (that could carry parts or ammo). Sam's belt and shoe heels also have hidden compartments that could carry small hidden items (a small poison coated plastic knife is inside the belt). Use of explosives or items that cause mass death is prohibited by the fact that like-minded people are attending who are needed to jump start the coming war (security guard deaths are clear). The RED HAND has booked out a VIP spot on the upper floor to have a safe place for Sam to put weapon parts together. The VIP spot has a view point over the conference hall can be used to shoot the target. The range is 15 meters from target (or get close and personal, death for Sam is the same anyway). Sam is skilled in both melee and marksmanship but he is no super-solder, so trying to kill every guard there is not going to end well but he can hold his own.     Question: What items would you bring and what will be your plan to take out the target?I have my own ideas for Sam but I wanted a wider net for ideas on how Sam will kill the target. Any answers will be fine so long as you don\u2019t jump the shark on weapons or tactics (modern items are allowed to be used).