EU citizen driving from Mexico to Usa and Canada, then driving back to Mexico after spending 5 months in Canada is possible? Me and my girlfriend are travelling central america for the last few years and we are currently in Mexico planning a road trip to Canada via the USA with our car. Being EU citizens we will be enetering to the USA under the VWP that allows us to stay a maximum of 90 days in the US but 180 days in Canada. Now we have several options considering to plan our trip ahead:1.) Enter the USA from Mexico by land and stay in the US only for the needed time to drive up to the canadian border and cross to Canada. Estimated time to spend in the US 5-7 days. Then spend in Canada 5 months and drive back to Mexico through the USA again staying in the US for the time needed to reach the Mexico border.2.) Enter the USA from Mexico by land and stay 1 month there before we head up north and spending 4 months in Canada. After that return to Mexico via the USA. Staying in USA this time only for the time needed to make it to the mexican border (5-7 days).3.) Enter the USA from Mexico by land, spending the needed time to get to the canadian border (5-7 days) and stay in Canada only 1 month, then return to Mexico via USA, but staying 3 months in the USA before returning back to Mexico.4.) Enter the USA from Mexico by land, spending 3 months in USA, heading to Canada, spend 5 months there and then get back to Mexico without staying more than a week in USA to get back to Mexico.I was looking extensively for an answer and all I got is ending up even more confused. There are answers that say yes, is possible in all 3 options and then there are answers that the clock does not stop and reset in Canada. In the first two options we will technically be spending minimum time in the USA, staying out 5 times longer than staying in. The third option is the one we prefer the most. Our car has mexican plates on it, and I am the holder/owner of the car. All crossings will be made by land ofcourse and would need advice which option to stick to or give me a better suggestion how to plan it and what are the advantages and disadvantages of each. With the problem the clock is not reset, we are limited technically to stay in Canada instead of 6 months to only 2.5 months (one week to get there and one week to get from Canada bach to Mexico) due to the fact we are comming from the south driving our mexican car from Mexico. Can\u00b4t figure out what to do. Any suggestions and help is greatly appreciated. Thank you.