What does Ravenclaw mean by being clever? As far as I am concerned, one is sorted into Ravenclaw when being highly intelligent or wise or scholar type.In the real world, intelligence can be understood in different ways. Like there are people who are genius engineers, but struggle with simple grammar or those who extremely good in understanding other people's motives, but bad in math, or those who got wise views, but are not educated in general etc.One would not question that Hermione is highly intelligent for example - she got all the features we normally see as signs of high IQ level: she is a scholar type with a good logical thinking, ability to analyze information, can understand other people well and find productive solutions in difficult situations.But some Ravenclaw students does not seem that obvious which made me wonder what part of their personality was seen as \"cleverness\".Gilderoy Lockhart does not seem as clever at all - he fails to predict the outcomes of his own actions, not capable of reading other people's reactions, is quite an incompetent wizard (apart from his memory charms) and even does not seem to value cleverness that much (he want to be famous for his bravery and heroic deeds, not necessarily intelligence).Luna Lovegood. However I love Luna (who doesn't?) she doesn't seem to be particularly smart or scholar. She does show some amount of unexpected wisdom, but nothing we usually expect from people with high IQ level.Cho Chang. We don't really know much about her, but she doesn't strike as an extra smart either. Why would it be her main feature of all?I do not state the people in question were dumb, in fact I do believe all of them had their own share of wit. But the concept of being clever for Ravenclaw seems so vague that it looks like pretty anyone could be sorted in there, apart from some total trolls like Crabbe and Goyle. So at the end of the day being a Ravenclaw says nothing about one's personality. My impression is they are just those who does not possess any prominent features required for other houses.