Are *all* quantum states indeterminate if they are outside the observer's light cone? Is the state of a particle arriving from outside an observer's light cone merely unknown, or is it quantum mechanically indeterminate?I guess the question needs a background in the form of a gedankenexperiment, so let's assume that someplace far away and long ago, someone (person B) built a laser that emits individual vertically polarized photons spaced at uniform time intervals, then passed the laser beam through a polarizing beamsplitter tilted at 45 degrees, then directed the emerging beam in our direction.  Person B also sets up a detector to detect any photons deflected by the beamsplitter, thereby obtaining a set of measurements we can represent as a random string of 1's and 0's.  Person B knows that the beam on its way toward us is the complement of the beam he has detected, and can be described as the complement of the string of 1's and 0's he detected.  So, from Person B's perspective the photons in the beam are sent toward us in a way that corresponds deterministically to the 1's and 0's he detected.Because it takes time for Person B's light beam to get to us, we know that the beam was emitted at a point outside our light cone.  Because the beam eventually does get to us, we know that at that point of arrival our light cone intersects with the light cone of the emission event.  IF we know (perhaps because Person B sent us a text message on his laser beam) that Person B set up his experiment the way he did, we can detect the timing with which the incoming photons arrive and thereby infer the string of 1's and 0's Person B has recorded.  So far, this is essentially identical to establishing a quantum key (can't correctly say that the key is \"transmitted\").  Person B's random string is entangled with the random string we detect at our end.Edit 8/11/18:  Now reduce the number of photons in the beam to two.  That is, we can receive only (1,1),(1,0),(0,1) or (0,0), and Person B can, correspondingly, only have (0,0),(0,1),(1,0), or (1,1) at his end.  In effect, Person B is sending us the value of two qbits which can each have either the value 1 or the value 0.  (I know-- some more photons would need to be sent to tell us when to start our clock, etc., but I assume we can ignore that without confusing the results.)  The point is that Person B can send us a quantum object whose state he knows, and he is sending it from outside our light cone.This seems to be a significantly different situation than the standard EPR scenario, in which travelers A and B carry entangled quantum objects to widely separated points and then perform measurements, because in the standard scenario the entangled objects and the travelers have a common origin so they are always within each others' light cones.Here is the first part of my question, which seems easy to answer:Does the quantum object (the (1,1),(1,0),(0,1) or (0,0) signal) arrive in a mixed state?  My first inclination is to say \"no\because Person B knows what it's going to be.  But in an EPR experiment, the order in which the measurements occur depends on the frame of reference -- so it's improper to say that one traveler's measurement causes the other traveler's measurement to have the same value. So, in some sense, in the scenario I'm proposing, the combined states of Person B's recorded signal and our detected signal are a single quantum object.  That is, from our perspective Person B's recorded signal is not determined until we detect the incoming signal (billions of years later). In other words, the signal should arrive in a mixed state.The second part of my question is: \"Does every particle arriving from outside our light cone arrive in a mixed state?\".  I think the answer is \"yes\" (complicated somewhat by possible entanglements between the arriving particles), but haven't come up with convincing arguments.  The closest I've come to an argument is to point out that the state of a particle arriving from outside our light cone is inherently unknowable in advance -- which sounds a lot like the definition of a mixed state.