Combining Z Scores by Weighted Average. Sanity Check Please? I'm trying to measure how \"exceptional\" a particular observation is based on several attributes of that observation among a population of observations. Each observation has several attributes, all numerical quantities but on different scales. To normalize these attributes to be on the same scale, I calculate the Z score of each attribute for each observation. Then, I combine the attributes together of one observation using a weighted average. For example, if I believe attribute 1 is twice as important as attribute 2, so attribute 1 will have a weight of two and attribute 2 will have a weight of one. I do the same for all observations. I call the result of the weighted average an \"observation Z Score.\" I interpret an observation with a Z Score of 1 as being more \"exceptional\" than 84% of other observations.Sanity check questionsIs this method ok?Is the method to weight an attribute twice as important with a weight of 2 appropriate for Z Scores?Is my interpretation of observation Z Score appropriate?Update:Since there is a problem with Z Scores, what if I used the data's percentile (the % of observations that have attributes lower than it) instead of it's Z score? This way, there are no normality assumptions and the obligation to keep the variance the same. To elaborate:Each observation has several attributes, all numerical quantities but on different scales. To normalize these attributes to be on the same scale, I calculate the percentile of each attribute for each observation. Then, I combine the attributes together of one observation using a weighted average. All weights sum to 1.For example, if I believe attribute 1 is twice as important as attribute 2, so attribute 1 will have a weight of two and attribute 2 will have a weight of one. I do the same for all observations. I call the result of the weighted average an \"observation percentile.\" I interpret an observation with a percentile of 0.60 as being more \"exceptional\" than 60% of other observations.Sanity check questionsIs this method ok?Is the method to weight an attribute twice as important with a weight of 2 appropriate for percentiles?Is my interpretation of observation percentile appropriate?