Attempting to install ubuntu 18.04 for dual boot with windows 10 home non functional I've been trying many times now to install Ubuntu 18.04 on a new Lenovo Y520 machine with Windows 10 home pre-installed. The windows install is on the original SSD. I added another SSD for the Ubuntu install and operation. After downloaded the amd64 (desktop) iso image and using rufus 3.1 to build flash driver image, things do not go as described in the many instruction flows I can find on the web. First thing, I created a 20GB open space on the Windows SSD (disk 1, the new ssd is disk 0). The ubuntu flash drive seems to function OK when I boot into it and \"try ubuntu\" instead of install\" Grub comes right up and asks to try, or install. Bringing up Gparted to setup petitions as described in various install instructions, only disk0 (the new ssd with nothing on it) shows up. That is the first clue to me things are not going well.So skip that, try again, at grub select install ubuntu. Ok, that process starts, but never get the option to \"install alongside windows\" which some instruct to for dual boot operation. So, skip that and choose something else and manually setup portions as instructed. The install seems to be going well. I setup a userid and password, initialize wifi connection with my network. Reboot using F12/powerup, select the new ssd (disk0) and login, then the desktop basically freezes when trying to run anything. I can start up terminal. First command, a few seconds- freeze. Cannot shut down, must use power button.OK, try another tack. Completely wipe the usb drive. Do a complete format the slow way on windows. Then build the boot flash drive again with a new download of amd64 version. Load up with Rufus again. This time boot into Ubuntu USB drive as before. This time select install and select the Erase entire drive option (after creating a windows recovery drive). Since ubuntu seems only capable of seeing the new empty SSD, seems low risk. OK, go through all the steps again, same response. After reboot, no wifi, lockup.Reboot again with wired LAN connection. Ubuntu says I have network connection, however attempt to start firefox- lockup.This is taking way way too many hours to get working. With the wired LAN connect, I tried apt-get, you guessed it- lock up, power cycle.Oh yes, on the SSD disk1 (windows) not being recognized, I matched the usb boot drive format to the drive partition type (GUID) of the 20GB partition on disk1 (windows SSD).Since the new SSD (disk0) is empty, I'm not finding what type UEFI, or GUID. Maybe this is not possible on Windows10 home? Need pro? just a wag.Please somebody help.