Carrying out Self replication of humanoid to create versions of itself Premise: I have a character that is trying to replicate himself into offsprings that will accomplish his task. He is a major character with immense levels of power/energy. My character has to create more avatars of itself and these need to be clones of the character in ideology. Problem:He cannot enter the region and accomplish the task and he does not have an army to do it for him. Hence he needs replications. He has no female to mate with. Magic is the last option I would like to take (magic is an option because it is indeed a magical world). I think he may multiply asexually into clones.However, exact clones will have the same power levels as him and I want them to fly under the radar. Also, clones have the same physical resemblance and would raise suspicion. Hence I need a touch of diversity if possible. Options I have come up with (u can add your own too):1. creating bots of itself with the aim of carrying out repetitive instructions over the lifetime. But that would require introduction of technology and amalgamation with living beings.2. asexually replicating itself and passing down it's genes to the offsprings, hence storing the instructions and intent in the genes itself.3. Lay eggs.question:How to replicate into offsprings that are low energy but and slightly variant in appearance but more or similar to parent in every other sense? Is eggs the only option??Analysis and doubts:1. Creating multiple offsprings/clones of itself repetitively impact the father figure in terms of energy remaining to keep on replicating. Maybe introduce a cooling off period?2. The bots/children need to carry only a specific set of lineage from the father. Is it possible through asexual reproduction to pass on limited genes or lineage? I focus on such limitations because I want offsprings to carry only particular tasks and be low energy than the father.3. Any precedence in cinema/fiction available to learn from may help.Edit: I see people saying the question is unclear. 1. The question I think clearly says to help with replication. 2. The options are technical inventions like using bots or using asexual reproduction. People also are saying that the fantasy rules are applicable here which are only known to me. Well when I discard eggs it is not a rule, I clearly mentioned I do not like my character to do eggs. When I say cooling-off period, it is not a rule. I clearly ask that is a cooling off period necessary between replicated creatures or not? 3. I clearly ask if you have seen something like that attempted before in terms of a character replicating itself by itself?.