Quantum mechanics, information and reality Call me old fashioned but I'm rather fond on thinking of the electron as a physical thing with slots for information called mass, energy and velocity and charge. (And other ones called baron number and colour that it doesn't use.) I can believe in that.But now let's put some electrons together. Entangle them. Standard quantum theory says n entangled states require a vector of $2^n$ complex numbers. For a system of 10 electrons each one has suddenly had about a hundred real numbers tagged onto it that it didn't before. For a gram of ordinary matter the numbers to be tracked would enormous, $2^{10^{23}}$ say. I haven't tried working that number or longhand.  Something like $10^{10^7}$ maybe? It is very hard to believe these parameters are 'real' aspects of the electron.The alternatives would appear to be to believe that, whatever the fundamental substrate of the universe is, it can accommodate a near infinite amount of information processing in a near infinitely small volume.  Or that quantum mechanics is highly inefficient calculational device.It would seem that while the size of the system grows as n, the information content of the system is growing as 2^n. Looking at the information content of a component of the system it is 2^n/n is for any practical system the cc information content of even the smallest complement is trending to infinity.<br>Given that a an electron may in principle be entangled with every particle in the universe the information content of a single particle would appear to be near infinite. G Smith mentioned the Bekenstein bound, I wonder specifically how these two ideas could be compatible?Secondly, in a 'realist' theory of physics, the constructs of a theory are reflections of facets of the physical world. As I stated to begin with I can believe the electron has slots for position, momentum etc but to believe that an electron has somehow a way of storing a near infinite number of complex numbers (thanks again for comment) stretches the 'realist' conception of physics to an extent what's it is hard to believe. Where is a simple structureless particle to store this near infinite amount of information?