Old kids show from the 80's about two kids with a magical compass that took them to another world I remember watching this one show when I was a kid in the 80's/early 90's in Canada. It was a live-action show about these two kids and had some puppet/muppet-like characters, but it kind of had a dark/mysterious element to it. I can't remember too much about it except portions of some episodes, but the main characters were kids, and they had some mysterious artifact (kind of like a compass?) that took them to this other world where there were giants and other mysterious beings that we rarely saw. The two kids weren't the only one's going to this place either, they find out kids from all around the world that also had this same artifact (and they all fit together like a round puzzle?). I seem to recall that the giants in this other world were the ones who made the artifacts, and were dying/or in desperate need of the help of the kids.A couple episodes I remember: There was one where the leaves were falling, and the world was doomed to end as soon as the last leaf touched the ground, so they're trying to figure out how to prevent all the leaves from falling, but after a long and suspenseful episode (for a kid) the last leaf dramatically falls, but out of no where the main girl catches the leaf and saves the world (it was very exciting for my young self, and I remember being very impressed with the pretty girl for thinking to catch the leaf).   There was another episode where the kids meet these two old guys with long white hair (muppets) sullenly working in a mine/tunnel, they're in tattered old clothes working away with their pick axes or hammers and they are connected to each other at the beard. This long old white beard grows out of one of their faces right into the other's. The kids save the day by cutting the old guy's beard in the middle, freeing them from each other. They celebrate being free from their bonds and excitedly thank the kids, but after the kids leave they continue to work away, this time in much brighter spirits. Seemingly unbeknownst to them though, as they work, their beards slowly and subtly grow back together. Anyone else remember this show?