Testing if two distributions have the same mean by using a sample distribution ORIGINAL Phrasing: Let's say I have a population distribution, A. For example, this could be the distribution of the maximum height (not the current height) that someone will reach during their life. Let's say A only contains data for people born in 1900 and 1901.Now imagine a subpopulation of this distribution, B. This distribution may or may not have the same statistics as A - I don't know. For example, B might be all of the Males in A, which might have a higher mean. Or it might be all of the people born in 1900, which I would not expect to be very different from A in terms of statistics.Now let's say I draw a random sample from A such that it contains only members of B. So for example either all males, or all people born in 1900. It's assumed that I don't know everyone's gender or birth year in A, so I can't actually construct B and look at it.How can I use my sample to determine if B's statistics (e.g. mean) differ from A? It seems like standard C.I. / p-value approaches can work. But at the same time I'm not sure, because the random sample of B may by chance not be representative of B, especially if the sample is small. In other words, B itself may have its own (different) variance and mean than the sample. So for example, if I did have B, I could compute C.I. with its statistics to determine if its mean is the same as A, but the C.I. computed from the sample will be different than those computed from B itself. And then there's the fact that B itself is also a subset of A.Am I overthinking things? Are standard C.I. / p-value approaches sufficient?EDITED Phrasing:  Let's say I have a population distribution, A with size NA = 1000000.  For example, this could be the distribution of the maximum height (not the current height) that someone will reach during their life.  Let's say A only contains data for people born in 1890 through 1910.  We don't actually have the birth year for any person, but we know it is in that range.In theory, there is therefore a subpopulation, B, with size NB, of all people in A born in 1890, but this population cannot be observed, and NB is not known.  Now someone comes along and labels NC = 1000 people as being born in 1890.  We'll consider these people sample C. He says that they were randomly selected from the NB people in B to be labeled (somehow, this person knew everyone who belonged in B, even though I don't).  So far these are the ONLY people whose birth years I know. Can we determine if B's heights are different from the total population A using the sample C, and put confidence on that?  As a secondary followup, what if I can't assume that C is a random sample from B?  What if someone just gives me a bunch of 1890 labels but I'm not sure whether that was randomly done or not? My concerns are that there's two types of error going on.  The error in B itself when comparing its mean to that of A, which I can't really observe, and the error in the fact that C, even if randomly sampled, can be a bad sample of B.The other issue is that C (and B also) is part of A, so in comparing C to A, there's duplicate observations that belong to both distributions.Am I overthinking things?  Are standard C.I. / p-value approaches sufficient?