Hypernym for bills, expenses, salaries, other incomes, etc I'm building a budgeting database application/program and I'm looking for two words as names of tables or variables in it.  This question seeks one of them:It encompasses the following:  I have bills &amp; expenses, and I have sources of income. I'm looking for a hypernym that encompasses all those.To clarify, there are things I'm not looking for:a. There are questions here already on english.stackexchange that ask for a hypernym for income/expense or debit/credit but the answers all seem to refer to the transaction (the event of transferring money).  I'm distinctly not looking for a word for that (the word transaction covers that I believe).b. One might think of a word like \"entity\" that might refer to the company AT&amp;T that I pay the phone bill to, and Apple, that I pay my iCloud subscription to each month.  But maybe I also pay Apple for my Apple Music subscription each month.  Those last two are two different items.  So I'm not looking for a name for the companies or other entities I'm making the payments to.I get a monthly bill from AT&amp;T for the phone.  I get a monthly bill from Apple for Apple Music, and another monthly bill from Apple for my iCloud subscription.  Those are three records in this table (even though two are from the same company).  If I was only looking at outgoings I might call this table Bills, but I'm looking for a hypernym that would encompass those and incomes as well: eg. two other records in this table might be 'salary from my job', and 'rent paid to me for a property I rent out'.Edit/update:  As Roger Sinasohn pointed out in the comments: yes, I'm looking for a countable noun.An example sentence could be where I click a button to delete a bunch of these records, and need to pop up a confirmation warning first: \"Do you really want to delete these whatevers?\"I'd really rather not have to say \"Do you really want to delete these incomes and expenses?\" or whatever.It doesn't have to be one word.  eg. another question asked for a hypernym for anywhere that serves food (restaurant, cafe, fast-food place, etc.).  If that's what I was looking for here, then \"eating establishment\" might be ok.  But if more than one word, it can't just be a string of all the words I'm trying to find the hypernym for (incomes, expenses, etc.).