How would a species in one dimension with its own properties go to another dimension with slightly different properties? In my world, I have three dimensions, each of which have their own special properties. From each of these three dimensions come a master race of said dimension:From the first, the master race is a creature who can manipulate their atomic structure to match that of anything they touch for long enough. For the second dimension, the master race is a people who look mostly like floating fog, with no visible body appendages. Their main ability is to generate appendages from this smoke. From the third, you have your regular old human, who is nothing more than simply a human. This human's world simply has a much more advanced technology base then we would imagine and also have discovered the existence of tachyons.Explanation of Dimensions:<blockquote>  The explanation appears in the order that the dimensions were mentioned.</blockquote>This race resides in a dimension much like our own Earth. The major difference here is that the massive amount of adaptation through transformation has to lead to massive species wars with many species transforming into stars, asteroids, and space rocks to cause severe damage to enemy lines. Since these battles span multiple galaxies, this has caused much galactical instability, leading to frequent supernovas.The second race resides in a dimension that lacks light. The beings in this dimension primarily move through sensory perception (smell, touch, feel, and they have the ability to sense anything dangerous to them). The nature of their dimension is without solid matter and light.a. For anybody who is wondering how the beings in this dimension are mobile, remember that at their base, they are almost weightless. They also have the ability to manipulate the \"smoke\" from which they are, so they can use it to create a light lift, ascending, descending, accelerating forward and so on to move around.The final dimension has the special nature of understanding and manipulating tachyons. Their main feat is the ability to time travel by harnessing the tachyonic energy found in space. How would each of these races be able to transport themselves to the other dimensions?