How do I automount a SD Card on /opt? I just bought a brand new Dell Inspiron 3185 with a massive 1.6 GHz dual-core AMD Radeon R4, a whopping 32gig SSD and a mind boggling 4 gigs of memory; a veritable rocket marked down from AUD $380 to AUD $180. It came with Windows 10 but it started bitching about space so I dumped it and have now installed Ubuntu. I spent the day reading about Bitcoin and I want to install bitcoin core but there is not enough space in my root directory to store the blockchain ledger so I have decided to download it onto a SD Card that I leave there permanently and for beauties sake I want to have it mounted on /opt.I have found out how to disable automount and I can mount the drive on /opt manually but I can't find a post about how to change the automatic mount point for a drive named opt from /media/opt to /opt. Is there somewhere that I can place a script that would have this effect? How about you post yours as an example. I know it's a waste of time but I'm on a pension and I have plenty to waste, the last time I played with Linux it took me a whole day to get Debian to automount a CDROM and something like three months of weekends to configure a 486 router with ipmasquerade, ipchains, dhcpd and sshd; apt-get was a nightmare too. It was before Gnome and you had to configure the X11 Server and set up a Window Manager manually, I got Window Maker going on my Pentium II but I never used it much and I didn't bother with X11 for the router.I'll mess around with bitcoin core's configure script as a starting point and to try to work out how to get it to download the ledger into /opt and with a bit of luck someone will have given me a tip-off about this problem by the time I am ready to sync my wallet.It should keep me busy for quite a while, I just need to build up a head of steam. Sort the right click on my mouse pad out, then finish this bitcoin book, then work out Open VPN, then a few books on the Tor, maybe I'll splash out and get an i7 desktop that can run Virtual Box and play a few games if I'm still chugging along after that. First things first, the I/O won't be brilliant but how do I mount this little sucker on bootup.Linux again, it's come a long way.