Help balancing my six-sided magic system? I'm basically looking for advice on how to balance the magic system I'm designing for my novel. Basically, the way it works is this:There are six known Realms beyond this one where almost magic users draw their abilities from. Such a magician is called a Realmtapper. Each Realm is tapped into a bit differently. However, there are Six major Kingdoms in this world, and each one taps into a different one of these Realms - that is to say, there is 'one Realm per kingdom.' However, this Realmtapping 'energy' is the same for all Six Kingdoms. As a result, an enchanted item from the Elemental kingdom that, as an example, can be used as a heating device, can be recharged by a Realmtapper from another kingdom, but not recreated or modified in any way.The Sea of Might, Realm of Sorcery - such as psychic and telepathicabilities, as well as teleporation. Used by drawing invisible runicsymbols into the air.The Nameless Mist, Realm of Power. This includes physically improvingthe body and senses, as well as shapeshifting. Used by channelingmentally and consistently and maintaining one's concentration.The Endless Shades, Realm of Elements such as fire and water andwhatnot. Used by performing certain physical movement patterns, akinto martial arts moves, to do different actions with the elements.The Divine Peaks, Realm of Favors - such as blessings and curses -and also of manipulating and solidifying light. Used by calling uponthe Peaks in a form similar to prayer.The Veil of Souls, Realm of Death, including raising the dead and allthat that entails, as well as manipulating and solidifying solidshadow. Used by splintering the soul in pieces that are infused withpower.Advah. This is the world the story takes place on, and the magicalpowers here involve infusing yourself with improvements - ie physicalstrength, senses, no need to eat or drink for a while, etc - as wellas, more uncommonly, the ability to control/manipulate metals andgravitational and electromagnetic fields.There are, however, limitations to this. Realmtapping exhausts stamina. The more you tap, the more tired youare.  You can use several small realmtapping abilities, or perhapsone large one, before you are exhausted to the point of stopping. Ifyou continue to realmtap beyond your limits, you will loseconsciousness. As a result, being in good physical shape helpsRealmtap for longer periods of time.Realms have ties to certain environments. You can expect Realmtappingto come easily in some locations, but require much more effort inothers. The Sea of Might is connected to knowledge, and as such isstronger in areas where knowledge is more prevalent, like librariesor books or other places of learnings. The Shades is connected tonature and 'uncivilized' land, etc. As a result, you may be an excellent Realmtapper of the Shades, but there are some things you just can\u2019t do in a well-populate, industrialized city.The Realm Barrier can vary wildly. The barrier acts as a sort ofbuffer between Advah and the space between all of the Realms - thatspace being known as the mysterious Realm-Between-Realms. Thestronger the Realm Barrier is to where you are located on Advah, theharder it is to Realmtap. However, that\u2019s not all. The Barrierfluctuates based on how much that Realm is currently being tappedinto at your location - as a result, the more you Realmtap in acertain location, the more difficult it becomes, through the barrierslowly grows more stable over time in periods of low usage.Being able to Realmtap is something that approximately ~1% of the population can do.Also, I can go into detail with any specific Realm if you ask me to! I just didn't want to dump too many words here at once without cause.I suppose my main concerns are these:How do I balance the Mist to be more in line with the others (it seems a bit weak to me?) and how do I do the same for the Peaks? (This one seems to powerful, unless I limit it somehow to only be short-term effects of something to that end.)Are there any glaring problems you guys think I might encounter with said system? Are there not enough restrictions?The two questions above are the main ones I'm really here to ask about. The two below are just sort of there, and it'd be really nice if someone wanted to take a stab at them :)If this world was to take place in an almost early 1900's level of technological advancement, how might each Realm either improve or replace certain technologies? Some obvious ones are of course the Elemental kingdom having an easy time with... well, a lot of things, but if you have any other things you want to mention please feel free to do so!And, of course, is there anything else I should consider as I build this system up?