How would a coma-like death system work on an alien world? I'm creating a hardcore survival and simulation game on an alien planet. Plants and diseases evolve, adapt and change the environment, and you set up buildings, breed plants and create machines to help survive in a volatile ecosystem. This being a harsh game, I wanted to make death really matter, but at the same time I didn't want permadeath wiping out everything you did. So the idea is that, when you die, the simulation continues for hundreds of years, but you are asleep. You wake up and are in the ruins of your old world. The ecosystem has changed, your machines and builds have eroded and you have to pick up the scraps. This could be beneficial, say, if the player has messed up the ecosystem, polluted the atmosphere or released radiation to such a degree that they can't deal with it, you could seal supplies in time canisters, commit suicide and \"wait it out\"My question is: what would be a convincing way to portray how this death system works? In other words, what planetary rules and systems would allow this to happen?Requirements:This can happen an unlimited number of timesThere is no overarching story-line to tie it into, so it must stand up on its ownIt must relate to the rest of the alien planet (so it must be plausible given the other parts, not just be a random thing that happens)EDIT: This species will be a crash landed human, although you could have the human being changed and mutated by the planetBy \"convincing\I mean it makes sense within the context of the world - lots of death systems you just respawn, breaking the rules, and only a few games (like Undertale) make this an accepted part of the world rather than just something that makes no sense in the game world.EDIT 2: I'm looking for the more science-oriented side of things - what would be the biology etc. that would allow  such a death system to workEDIT 3 (sorry): This is a plant-focused game, so the amount of gear and machinery you are given should be limited. Ideally the revive is involved in the biology of the planet, rather than something on your ship - you are basically \"going it alone\"