What is the highest possible IQ score (that a perfect AI could score)? As a small part of a SciFi story, a fully developed AI developed by advanced aliens (who think quantum computing is a neat, but outdated technology) happens to visit modern-day Earth. I'm talking about an AI that learns about humanity by reading the Internet. Not some pages, not Wikipedia, the entire Internet, all the change history of all Wikipedia pages, everything in the Way Back Machine, just everything.Out of boredom, the AI also takes an IQ test (or several). In the story this is used as a humourous smack-down of a (human) character who boasts how smart he is.An AI that scores a perfect score on an IQ test and delivers the result in a fraction of a second - what score would this result in?Bonus question: If the AI gets one of the language-comprehension questions wrong, what would be the highest possible score with one error?My checking indicates that different tests have different maximum values. So I'm looking for a Mensa test or something similar used to measure genius-level IQ.Sources I found are conflicting. One source said 220 is the limit of the human brain. Another said that the legendary William James Sidis is said to have had an IQ somewhere in the 250-300 range.ClarificationsI'm not interested in whether or not this would correctly measure the IQ of my AI or whether IQ even makes sense when applied to AI. Also not in discussing the merits of the IQ system. I am aware of how IQ tests work, I took a couple myself in my life.All I want is a quick number that actually would come out of such a test under the above conditions (zero or one error, less than one second time to complete the test).That number would probably be off the scale for humans, which is exactly the point. But would it be off the scale as in 300, or 500, or 12,000 ? This is basically one short paragraph in the whole book and I just don't want that someone familiar with how IQ tests are calculated goes \"nah, that's nonsense\"