Set default pdf icon with Foxit Reader On macOs High Sierra I am trying to set a default icon for .pdf files: when I used Adobe Reader all the pdf files showed its icon, then I uninstalled it and replaced it with Foxit Reader as default app to open the same file. However all the pdf files now show a white icon and I would like them to show the Foxit logo instead.I tried to copy-paste the logo from Foxit to a random pdf and it does work, but this cannot be applied to the whole configuration (this means that I should copy-paste everytime the logo in every single pdf file).Is there a way to set the default icon?
Question about USB C and DisplayPort I recently purchased a 2017 MacBook Pro 13\" no Touchbar, so I have just 2 USB-C ports available.I've spent literally like 2-3 days looking for the perfect USB-C Dongle (I like the ones that take the 2 ports and turn them into a full range of different ports)But I'm concerned because at home I have a external monitor that doesn't have USB C port, so when I had my old 2012 Macbook I used a mini DisplayPort to Displayport. But, now with this MacBook pro I do not know what to do!I keep reading that in USB-C hubs/dongles, just ONE port charges the Macbook and sends video signal, the other one is just a USB-C port.So, if I purchase a USB-C to Displayport cable to connect to my monitor, I won't be able to charge the MacBook at the same time, right?What can I do? In summary: I need a way to connect my MacBook to my ASUS PB278Q (HDMI is ok also) and at the same time charge the MacBook and be able to have a good USB C hub (in the worst of cases.. one with a cable will do)
How to open all Safari history at once? I was navigating through a website but I forgot which one was it now going back to Safari History and searching for the website is a painful thing to do so I was asking is there anyway to open all your safari history with one click?
Prepare MacBook for sale when OS X Lion reinstall requires Apple ID I'm going to sell my Macbook Pro.When I reinstall OS X Lion, I have to enter my own Apple ID. Another Apple ID won't work, I get message \"This item is temporarily unavailable\".How can I deassociate my Apple ID with this computer so that the next owner will be able to reinstall the OS with their own apple ID?
How can I manage multiple Photos libraries on my iPhone (iOS) I'd like to have specific photos stored in my iPhone and specific ones stored only on iCloud, so I thought to have two different Photos libraries, one \"optimised\" and one not.Is it possible? And how can I manage them from my iPhone? Or is it a way to do something like this?
Accessing internet on a MacBook Air through iPhone's access to Wi-Fi, rather than its access to cellular data Is it possible to do something similar to iPhone hotspot, but instead of using the iPhone's cellular data connection, it uses it's Wi-Fi connection instead. Thus, allowing a MacBook Air to access the hotspot in order to use the internet through the iPhone's Wi-Fi connection instead of its cellular connection.I would like to try this because my MacBook Air's Wi-Fi connection is flaky, but when connecting it to my iPhone's hotspot it seems to be fine.
How to download the .ipa for MDM? We use Apple MDM at the small school I work at to manage our iPads.  In the past we would download the .ipa from the App Store then upload it to the MDM then deploy it to the iPads.  With the new updates we can't figure out a way to download the .ipa files?  Can anyone help?  (I will add we are not in the US and do not have access to VPP.)
Windows virtual machine for Mac students to share I am a teacher in a Windows-supported college university, where we use a lot of software that only runs on Windows computers. We would like to help our Mac students by providing them with an easy-to-use and easy-to-transfer way to run Windows as a virtual machine, preferably without to need to install or configure a lot of software for the student.Does somebody have an idea of a way in which we can create and configure a virtual machine and provide it to the students for simple use?
How Can I Stop My Mac From Reopening Applications After A Power Failure? I live in the woods and lose power frequently. When this happens, MacOS tries to restore every application that was open when the power went out. I don't want it to do this. How do i prevent this from happening.Please note, i am not asking about preventing apps from opening after a restart.
White screen when installing OSX My daughter's MBP recently had a hard drive failure. I replaced the hard drive and purchased the Snow Leopard install disc from Apple.During the install start up, at a certain point the screen goes white and after a bit the fans go to a high speed. It then sits there running hot until it is powered down.Things I have tried:With a Crucial MX300 SSD (525GB, SATA III) installed:Install using the Snow Leopard disc Install using Yosemite on USB thumb drive (from App Store)Install using High Sierra on USB thumb drive (from App Store)Install using Internet Recovery (Command\u2014Option\u2014R)With a HGST Travelstar 7K1000 (1TB, SATA III) installed:Install using Yosemite on USB thumb drive (from App Store)Install using Internet Recovery (Command\u2014Option\u2014R)Original System DetailsMacBook Pro (15-inch, Early 2011)2.0 GHz Intel Core i7 (Sandy Bridge) 2635QM8GB RAM500 GB, 5400 RPM Hitachi HD10.6.6 Snow LeopardOther notesBooting in verbose mode (Command-V) shows various messages before the white screen depending on which install version is used.The extended version of the hardware test over internet (Option\u2014D) reports no issues.The MBP was working fine before the hard drive failure.I am pretty much out of ideas.
iOS 11.0.2 - AirDrop not showing up in Control Center even after long pressing the \"Network Icon Group\" in the Control Center Good day everyone, I have this iPhone unit which we updated to iOS 11.0.2. We were trying to AirDrop files to and from it, but we hit a snag when we were trying to go to the AirDrop control through the Control Center. It wasn't popping up even when we were long pressing the \"Network Icon Group\". Does anyone know why this happens?I know we can go to the Settings itself and search for AirDrop settings and turn it on, but it's so convenient to be able to turn it on and off from the Control Center.Any help is very much appreciated. Thanks.
How to trigger spinning wheel diagnostics report I'm working on application that consume significant CPU time and memory under heavy load. my setup configuration is fusion VM that runs macOS Sierra 10.12.6. At some stage I get spinning wheel and the entire VM hangs. Unfortunately I couldn't find any valuable log after rebooting the machine. perhaps there's a way to enforce taking performance diagnostics report so that I could properly analyze what cause the hanging ? thanks 
Good application for detecting state (health) of SSD disk? On my MacBook, I want to see the health status of my SSD. How can I do this? Which app to use?
Macbook Air - Blinking folder at startup on occasion I have a Macbook Air (mid 2012) which has some various problems. The main problem is that the computer will occasionally display a blinking folder at startup. Whenever that happens I do one of the following things, until I can boot into the computer again that is.Reset the NVRAMTry to boot into safe modeRepair the start up diskChoose the right disk as the start up diskVarious keys getting bashedBesides the blinking folder problem, 3 beeps can be heard at start up.I have tried to reinstall the OS a couple of times, but that hasn't helped at all. So my solution is to keep the Macbook running with Amphetamine, basically never shutting it off to avoid these problems. But this is quite troublesome whenever wanting to travel with the computer, so I was wondering if any of you have any ideas how I could mitigate all these problems?Thanks in advance
Restoring from Time Machine Backup \u2013 Cannot replace Mac HD I'm trying to restore my computer to a previous backup of my Mac HD. However, when I try, I see an error notice telling me that I cannot, since this file is not able to be deleted:<blockquote>  .PKInstallSandboxManager-SystemSoftware</blockquote>How do I restore to this backup from last week, considering that I can't delete the above folder, or resultantly, another version of Mac HD ?What I've done:Enter Time Machine > scroll through to appropriate backup > hit \"restore\" button > You can erase volume \u201cMacintosh HD\u201d and replace it with the restored volume or cancel to stop the restore. > receive error notice related to the above.
No input fields for the Apple ID Verification for the iMac 10.10.5 Just as my heading says:  There is no input fields for the Apple ID verification codes for the iMac 10.10.5. How in the heck do I get it to come up??For example, I try to log on to iTunes on my iMac normally, and then it asks for the 6 digit verification code from another device. Okay, no problem. I retrieve it, and when I come back to the Mac, there's no input screen to key in the verification codes. It leaves me hanging. 
How do I prevent AppleScript from using short numbers? So AppleScript by default uses the exponential notation of numbers - for example, 2.99E+68.How do I prevent that from happening? I want the number written out as it is.
Bind mouse key to continuously send clicks Question is in the title. I have a mouse with extra buttons and would like to bind the button so that it sends continous left clicks when I hold it down.
Where\u2019s the control center on iPhone X? I got my iPhone X today, but one thing I\u2019m really perturbed by is there\u2019s no control center! How do I get it back?
How can I change the shape default in Preview app? Every time I click on the oval shape in Preview, I get a big ellipse filled in opaque blue.<br>How do I change this default such that every time I click on the oval, I get a transparent circle with a black border?  
USB-C Charging Speeds / Charger Outputs I own a 2016 Macbook (with the USB-C charging) - at the time and in response to all of the reports of poor cables and poor chargers, I bought a meter so I could see what the throughput of my cables/chargers was. However, having run some tests I'm now not sure what to consider normal / what is harmless to the battery. For all tests I used an original Apple C-C cable - though was able to replicate with two third party cables I own.I have the original Apple block charging at 14.3 V / 1.99 A and a third party block that charges the same.Another third party block which advertises USB PD and 3 A is currently charging at 20 V / 1.43 AI've done some research online but I can't find any articles that indicate what a normal USB PD output is relative to the devices that connect to it and would appreciate any guidance / assistance. TL;DR: Have Apple charger which charges at one voltage/amperage. Bought several others advertised at PD which are higher voltage, lower amperage. Not sure what is 'safe', or 'fast', or does least overall damage to battery.  
Whether it is possible to connect Mac Mini to the Macbook Pro? Will it be possible to connect the Mac Mini to the MacBook Pro and use the laptop's screen, keyboard for working on Mac Mini?
Can Timemachine restore the backup of an external drive to another external drive? I have two external drives attaching to my Mac, one for file storage and one for time machine. The latter one keeps the TM backups of the former one. If someday I lost the former one is it possible that I could just buy a new drive and restore the data back to the new drive easily?
mp3s set as \"Audiobook\" have stopped showing up in iBooks For a while now I've been importing mp3s, setting them as \"Audiobook\" and listening to them via iBooks, like normal. However, for some unknown reason a few weeks ago, this stopped happening: Even though they show up in \"Audiobooks\" on iTunes, they WILL NOT show up in iBooks anymore\u2014they still appear in the Music app, like a regular mp3. Nothing I have tried will force it to show up in iBooks again.Edit, to clarify: The problem is that I add an MP3 audiobook to my iPhone via iTunes in the normal matter, but it shows up in \"Music\" and NOT \"iBooks\" EVEN THOUGH I set the file type as \"Audiobook.\" iTunes\u2014on multiple computers!\u2014correctly shows the audiobook, but not on the phone. Furthermore, I deleted an old audiobook on the phone yet iBooks STILL shows it!This is on iOS 10.3.3, iTunes 12.7.1.14, and reconfirmed on iOS 11.2.2, iTunes 12.7.2.58.
Is it normal for a 27\" iMac to have CPU core temperatures around 95C under 100% CPU load? I have a 2017 27\" iMac with a 4.2 GHz Intel Core i7. It's been having some issues lately where every now and then the entire system will gradually freeze, forcing me to hard reboot the computer. So to see if there's a hardware issue, I started running prime95 in stress test mode to see if any errors were detected.After running for about 20 minutes, I checked the core temperature readings for my CPU and they were all hovering around 95 C. Ordinarily I'd think that's way too hot but with the design of the iMac I'm not sure. I stopped prime95 and after my system was idle for a little while the core temperatures are now hovering around 60 C.Is that temperature too hot, or is this normal for an iMac?edit: After the system was idling all night the temperature went down to 45 C, which is of course a good idle temperature. So no worries there.edit 2: After doing more research I've discovered this is a widespread issue with the Intel Core i7-7700k, and affects all iMacs that have it. Apparently Intel claims its temperature spiking to 90 C during normal use and hitting 100 C during heavy use is normal. Seems wrong to me, but who am I to argue with Intel?
Can I download free apps without a payment method? I just downloaded the newest iOS version, which I don't know what it is, and I can't download free apps now. I used to be able to download free apps, but now apple requires a credit card to download apps even if the apps are free.I don't know what version of iOS I am using, nor what type I was using earlier. Nor do I know what type of iPhone I am using other than that it is an iPhone of some sort. I don't know how to find out this information either.
How to get Apple Music on iPod Touch 1G? I own an iPod Touch 1G and I'd like to listen to my downloaded Apple Music tracks on it. However, I can't do that since \"Apple Music songs cannot be copied onto an iPod\" (That's the message it shows me when trying to copy them on there) and I can't enable Apple Music on an iPod Touch 1G.Is there any way to get around that?
Split a large PDF into thirds on a Mac I have been looking for a way to take a 412 page PDF on my Mac and split it roughly into thirds.  The googling that I have done suggests that you copy individual pages onto your desktop, and then combine them all using Preview, but doing this with 136 pages seems like a terrible idea.  The alternate method I have seen is to \"Print to PDF\" but print selected page ranges.  This seems like a doable method, but many of the pages in the front of the PDF do not have page numbers, also, the \"Save to PDF\" in the print dialog does not have the option to select a page range on Sierra!What am I missing?  How does one split a large PDF into chunks on a Mac?
Split a large PDF into thirds on a Mac I have been looking for a way to take a 412 page PDF on my Mac and split it roughly into thirds.  The googling that I have done suggests that you copy individual pages onto your desktop, and then combine them all using Preview, but doing this with 136 pages seems like a terrible idea.  The alternate method I have seen is to \"Print to PDF\" but print selected page ranges.  This seems like a doable method, but many of the pages in the front of the PDF do not have page numbers, also, the \"Save to PDF\" in the print dialog does not have the option to select a page range on Sierra!What am I missing?  How does one split a large PDF into chunks on a Mac?
Firefox on macOS: Use native fullscreen on videos Is there a way to make Firefox use Mac's native fullscreen when watching a video (e.g. on Netflix)? The browser does go fullscreen, but it's not on it's own space on macOS.I'm currently using Firefox 57 and macOS 10.13.1.
How to backup and restore iPad apps locally on a Windows machine? (without re-downloading from internet) (also resume app downloads) Apple has recently removed the functionality from Windows iTunes to backup apps locally. The only way they offer now is via internet - iCloud. I often have limited internet access so that option is not suitable. Also I feel much better when I can easily and reliably restore the iPad to when everything was functioning perfectly. For example, update an app to find out there's a bug or some new functionality that makes things worse in some way. With a local backup it would be easy to go back and forth between the versions, and you don't have to depend on anything. The solution would most likely involve jail breaking and that's fine, but I couldn't find actual information on whether it is in fact possible on a jailboken iPad and if so how. Bunch of sites recommend third party software and when you go on their respective sites they say things like \"manage apps, backup app data, images etc\" iTunes already does all of this.Thanks!
Macbook photo storage for digital art, strategies? My wife is a digital artist and has a Macbook pro, iPhone, and iPad, and I am constantly having to clear disk space from the Macbook due to all of the selfies, snaps, cat pictures, and legitimate photos that she takes constantly.  I know I am not alone; these days, cameras are ubiquitous and the Apple product family has some of the best camera hardware and software, and the platform is widely used for digital art.Her Macbook has 256GB of storage, which is always nearly full; I run a cleaner on it periodically, and have her delete silly pictures she doesn't need, but we shouldn't have to deal with this - non-mac laptops can ship with far more space, and even the current (2017) most expensive Macbook only has 512GB of storage.  If I could tape a 1T usb stick inside the case, I would.I am looking for strategies to deal with this, other than enabling photo compression/resizing on the macbook (she needs to edit her legit photos).Her usage pattern is a single Photos library that is replicated with her iCloud account, which is fed with images from all of her devices.iCloud clearly isn't cutting it, as it's an \"all or nothing\" proposition - I can't segment the library and only replicate certain types of pictures/directories to her other devices.  I am open to anything, and willing to pay for a solution if one exists.  I have a large NAS in the home, but she frequently works on-the-go. 
iPhone turning off on 10 - 20% and battery percentage not showing right I have an iPhone 5s running iOS 11.0.3. When it's down to about 15%, it dies completely.<br>Can I do something about that?Also, when It's at around 15% and I plug the iPhone into the power supply, it often goes up to 25% instantly.<br>Why is my iPhone doing that?
Is it possible to tell if a unjailbroken phone has been jailbroken in the past? I heard that a phone can be jailbroken and then \"un-jailbroken.\" Is it possible to tell if an \"un-jailbroken\" phone has been jailbroken in the past?
How to disable ambient noise reduction? It used to be in that one could disable the ambient noise reduction in the sound preferences.  But I can't seem to find that option anymore, which means when I record sound with the built-in mic I have to accept the warbling effect.According to Help, the option should be there so long as there isn't a 4-channel built-in microphone format chosen in Audio MIDI setup.  But my internal microphone is a 2-channel according to Audio MIDI Setup.  How can I get the check box to appear so that I can cancel the noise reduction effect? I have a Late 2013 27\" iMac
Japanese system-wide spellchecker I am looking for a relatively easy solution for a Japanese spellchecker (not a Japanese dictionary for the Dictionary app) in High Sierra. I would prefer a link to a downloadable spelling dictionary (Japanese websites are okay). If there are no ready to use Japanese spelling dictionaries, I would be glad if you could point me to a good step-by-step tutorial for making one.P.S. I already acquainted myself with everything the official Apple website has to offer on the topic. I checked OpenOffice and LibreOffice for Japanese spelling dictionaries and could not find anything that I could make work. I also tried to look for a solution on Japanese and English websites but so far I did not have any luck.And of course, I did not forget to make sure that my computer is plugged in, turned on, logged into my account, and connected to the internet. It is :). 
Encrypt external HDD without erasing data on High Sierra? I'm running Filevault on my internal hard drive, but I realized that I never encrypted my external drive. Currently it's running Mac OS Extended (Journaled) and I'm not seeing any encrypt options anywhere (right click in Finder, disk utility, etc...). How can I encrypt this drive in place without having to erase all the data first? I could restore the data from a Time Machine backup but that sounds very tedious and time consuming. If there is a faster way I'd like to attempt that first. 
How exactly does Cmd-shift-4+space work?  Cmd \u2318   Shift \u21e7   4  +  Space   behaves unexpectedly. For example, when I right-click on Chrome, the captured window does not include the right-click UI.What exactly determines a unit in  Cmd \u2318   Shift \u21e7   4  +  Space   ?How exactly does  Cmd \u2318   Shift \u21e7   4  +  Space    work?(Mac v10.12.5 here, though focused on generality.)
How to use UNetbootin properly? Yesterday, I created a bootable USB using UNetbootin. I created it with Windows7.iso file. It was successful. The problem is when I booted my USB onto computer, it just show me this window without proceeding to Windows 7 installation. After that, I pressed Tab key. Then this screen appeared : To be honest, I didn't got any ideas what to do. Is there any commands to run in this window ?
Prevent duplicate tabs in Xcode editor In Xcode editor, is there a way to open files in a new tab only if one is not already present, and if it is, then switch to that tab. If it isn't possible to do so via the preference settings, can it be done via script?
Where is the \"Send to Archive\" option in High Sierra I have recently updated to Mac OS X High Sierra and noticed that there is no longer a archive or compress option in the context menu in finder.Has this feature been removed or is a there a setting to enable to use this?
Terminal command to quit Google's \"Backup and Sync\"? Is there a terminal command I can use to quit Google's \"Backup and Sync\" software?  I am writing a Bash script to set the machine up for maximum battery life and I would like to shutdown all non-essential software that I usually have running in the background such as Backup and Sync.  I tried the usual suspects (osascript -e 'tell app \"Backup and Sync from Google\" to quit' AND killall 'Backup and Sync from Google') without success.
Installing SSD to non retina 2012 macbook pro via recovery menu I have a 13\" 2012 non-retina MacBook Pro that I intend on upgrading with a Samsung Evo 850 SSD. I have watched some tutorials and for the most part, I think I know what to do on the hardware side of things but I have two questions for the software side after the disk has been successfully installed. Question 1. Can I use the recovery menu (accessed by hitting command + r on boot) to both format, and install a version of MacOS? Question 2. If so, do I need to initialize the disk before installing it? Or can I literally unbox the SSD, install it in my MBP, and then format/install MacOS via recovery?
Apple Watch 3 - How to track movement in tennis? I have both an Apple Watch and iPhone. When I play tennis, my iPhone lays on the table. What setting do I need to set, in order for the watch to track my movement?Currently it tracks the movement of the iPhone, so during my training, it stays at 0KM for the whole time. It works like this regardless if I use Endomondo or the Workout app.
How to restore Mac OS after installing Linux I'm going to install Linux on a Macbook Air (from ~2013), and I plan on replacing the entire contents of the hard disk (OS, recovery partition, etc).If I want to restore Mac OS, will Internet Recovery work? Do I really just need to hit Command+Option+R during boot? Should I back up something to make restoring easier?
Cannot log out from iCloud to turn off Find My iPhone because the account is locked I can't log out from iCloud on an iPhone 6 Plus. After I enter the password, a popup is shown saying I need to unlock the account because it's locked for security reasons.I can use the same Apple ID on a different iPhone normally.How can I turn off Find My iPhone?
How does one convert a dmg inside a DVD to individual videos or watch the dmg DVD file in an iphone? Since DVDs are essentially becoming obsolete or at least the macbook laptops do not have accessibility to them anymore, I thought it would be good to back a backup for them before I get rid of the DVD reader laptop and thus still be able to watch my videos.The issue is that I don't know how to watch the DVD inside of my iphone even if I have access to the dmg file. One solution could be to have some app that access the DMG through dropbox/icloud and then open it with the app. Does that exist?What I thought was more sensible was since some of these are lessons divided into separate videos, to convert the DMG to individual mp4 or .mov files which are easily watchable in the iphone. Is that possible?
MacBook Pro early 2011 hangs at \u201cwhite screen\u201d I tried the following, but at each one except the single user mode, it is stuck on the white screen. This problem occurred after I shut down the MacBook Pro using power button after the screen froze I tried booting from external USB, CMD+R, CMD+OPTION+R, OPTION, While it is stuck at white screen it overheats, and sometimes restartsI cannot reinstall MacOS or enter recovery or internet recovery or even erase the hard disk because it always ets stuck at the white screen.Is there any way to fix it using terminal at single user mode?
Can macOS operate/output video at 144 Hz screen refresh rate? I am planning to invest in an external 144 Hz display for smooth game developments, now as far as I know macOS outputs video at 60 Hz so if I buy an 144 Hz external display will my MacBook be able to output video/operate at 144 Hz screen refresh rate?
Why does High Sierra quit all my programs when I lock and close the laptop? After installing High Sierra, whenever I lock and close my MacBook Pro (2015), all my programs have quit once I open it again. Chrome will often show an \"unexpectedly closed\" message, which seems to indicate that it was not a graceful logout but a sudden forced quit of all programs.It doesn't happen if I lock the computer and immediately unlock - only, apparently, if I close the laptop and come back after a while (sometimes as little as 5-10 minutes).Why would this be happening?High Sierra also freezes for around 5 seconds when I try to Lock the computer before actually locking, which is extremely slow and did not happen in Sierra.I tried to ask this on Apple forums and got the message: \"You are not allowed to create or update this content.\"Additional info:- I'm running latest version of macOS (10.13.1).- When I unlock the Mac after this kind of mass-crash I often get the Optimizing Your Mac notification- It just happened to me again after closing the laptop for about 2 minutes- Twice today, instead of a mass crash, the Mac has just displayed a black screen (though the keyboard lights are on) and I was forced to restart.  (This also happened intermittently with Sierra but not usually 2x in one day.)
Multiple iPhones and iPads with same Apple id My husband has his personal iPhone 5s and iPad Air 2 and he also has an iPhone 6 and iPad Air 2 for his work. He wants to change the \"work iPhone 6 and iPad Air 2\" to a new Apple id not associated with his personal Apple id (icloud ??). I am trying to help, but I am not familiar with Apple iPhones etc. He uses his personal email for his Apple id for all of devices, but separate email addresses. How do I change his work devices without losing contacts, pictures etc. I am not sure if all devices are uploading information into the iCloud - (how can I find out?).I am so frustrated with reading so many things on the internet, I am scared to try to accomplish this for him. He doesn't have a clue on any tech things, so he is of no use to me to help. Also, he wants to change his personal iPhone 5s to an iPhone 6 Plus (without losing his stuff). I think I need some really good to help me to accomplish this without losing any contacts, photos, etc. Can someone help me? Thanks in advance!  
Share books and bookmarks between all devices I have lots of books bought or downloaded not from Apple's store.I would like to simply put a book on my mac, then see it on my iPhone and iPad.I also like to read it on my iPad, set a bookmark, and keep reading from same page on my iPhone.Why Apple makes it so hard to work natively with MY books ? Its my device, so why is it matter how did I get my book ?Thanks.
How to encrypt outgoing connections from a local device? ISPs' throttle internet traffic, so some provide fast lanes for popular websites while all other websites are available to the user at lower internet speeds or bandwith.I am on an iMac so my question is that is there any way by which I can encrypt outgoing connections from my iMac in-order to escape internet capping
How to mirror my iPhone 6s on and iPad Pro I have developed an iPhone app and would like to present it to a small group of people using the larger screen on my iPad Pro.  The app does not run on iPad, so I would like to mirror my iPhone screen on the iPad.Can this be done?  If not, any suggestions. 
Changing service order using Terminal I would like to write a script to change the service order from Ethernet 1 to Ethernet 2.  Any help would be appreciated.
Rasterising text automatically I'm working on a typeface, and am looking at generating test-cases of how specific strings are rendered. What's the simplest way of automatically rasterising many different text-files into a bitmap? 
Using Migration Asst, have gone from Mac 1 to Mac 2, but now Mac 2 back to Mac 1? I had to send MacBook Pro #1 out for repair and used Migration Assistant to temporarily work on a loaner (MacBook Pro #2).Now #1 is back. Do I:Use M.A. to go from #2 to #1, hoping it magically merges and resolves the differences in my user account existing on #1?Reformat and reinstall the OS on #1, and use M.A. to go from #2 to #1?Some other optimal solution?
How to edit the Plist so as to remove all reference to wireless cards and drivers if it involves no risks? I need to start a new, totally new wireless config.  My 17\" MBP 4,1(1261) wireless died. Card removed was 3 wire but new one has only 2.  ifixit.com says connect black, then blue, and grey does not get connected. El Capitan does not see that card at all even after resets of all 3 types with battery out.  Since, I've used at least 3 different USB adapters; now, I just want to start clean.  And this OS install was a clean install on to a 1 TB SSD which runs fast with the full 6GB RAM. 
Does Apple Watch Cellular clone the SIM card? I have read, that Apple Watch will have the same phone number as iPhone and if iPhone is far away, it can connect to cellular network itself.Doesn't this mean that Apple Watch clones the SIM and how this corresponds with the statement, that modern GSM network SIMs can't be cloned?
Mount APFS Volume to /Users with the Disk Utility during the installation I\u2019m trying during the installation from MacOS High Sierra to separate the system and user data. I splitted the SSD with Disk Utility, but I can\u2019t mount the second APFS Volume to /Users with the Disk Utility. Is that possible at this stage?
iMac Summer 2001 G3 CRT Issue I have an iMac G3 from the Summer of 2001, and it appears to have an issue with its CRT.After a few minutes of being on, the entire CRT appears to take a yellowish tint which is extremely visible, especially on blue and white colours.I decided to go into display settings and colour calibration and turn down each RGB channel individually, and I found turning the blue channel down fully reproduces this yellow tint, and I therefore assume the blue gun is not firing fully or at all in some cases. Is there any way this can be fixed and any reason this may occur? I really do not want to replace this machine as it was a Christmas gift as my family knows I collect these older machines.
Recovering AppleID using my rescue email address My iPhone got stolen and I don't have my AppleID. It was previously set by the vendor who sold me the iPhone. AFAIK, I only have my Gmail set as my rescue email address for the AppleID. Is there anyway to recover the ID so that I can recover my backups? 
A checklist for child proofing an iPad pro I have gifted my 9 year old a iPad. However before I let him use it, I need a checklist of all the steps i need to do to child proof the iPad.Configure safari so that all bad searches are blockedAll bad sites don't openSearch results don't return explicit content.does apple provide such a list. I googled and I found snippets of information here and there. But I need a complete list of steps.
No option to boot Windows in Startup Manager So basically I've got a Macbook Pro 2013 / 2014, I'm not sure which. It has a completely wiped hard drive, and I'm trying to install Windows on it. I have a Windows 10 Installer USB drive that works fine on other computers. By this I mean in other computers, the BIOS lists the USB drive as a boot option and works as expected.But in the Macbook Startup Manager (accessed by holding the option key while the computer is booting), it is not an option.If I use a live Linux USB (I've tried arch and debian) it works as expected, debian installed on the Macbook with no problems.What can I do to fix this? Also keep in mind there is no operating system installed on the system, so I can't use any OSX utilities, but I can use Linux utilities.
Trying to DBAN 2009 Mac Mini I'm trying to DBAN -- or otherwise wipe -- my old 2009 Mac OS X 10.6 Mac mini.  The CD drive on the Mac is broken, so I have been trying to do it with a bootable USB.  No matter what I try, I cannot get the USB drive to show in Startup Manager.This is what I've got so far:DBAN 2.3 iso downloadedUNetbootin to make the bootable imageThe Cruzer pen-drive is formatted HFS+ with GUID Partition map -- DiskUtil reports the non-EFI, DBAN partition as bootable.I've tried various key combinations to reset NVRAM,I've follow apple.com advice on how to set legacy insecure behavior on NVRAM... but still I can only see the Macintosh HD as boot drive. I have tried Command, Shift, Option and Period but nothing happens.I started with the USB drive formatted FAT32, MBR Partition table and moved on from there.Edit: I originally thought this was a 2011 Mac Mini, I was looking in the wrong place for the year. It turns out that it being from 2009 was vitally important,
iPhone Boot loop stuck The phone has never been jailbroken. Never got wet, anything. But after one night it reboot, and got stuck. The battery overheat and even after a few attempts to solve the issue through iTunes, Recovery and DFU mode, it continues stuck at the same part of the boot. I really don't know what to do anymore. It is an iPhone 7 Plus 256, 2 months without warranty! Thats the worst!! I'm running iTunes 12.7.2.58 on a MacBook Pro
How do I access Itunes U Course Manager if my country isn\u2019t supported? I want to create a course but where I come from Itunes U Course Manager isn\u2019t supported. I tried solving this but with no success. I use Chrome and have downloaded an extension called Bitternet which sets up a Proxy so that my IP appears to be in the US. I have also created a new apple ID which has an adress in the US but still when i try to log into the Itunes U Course Manager it says \u201cCountry not supported\u201d.Is there a way to bypass this?
MacBook Pro early 2015 not turning on and not charging I'm far away from civilization thats why I need your help guys. My problem is: MacBook Pro 13\" early 2015 is not turning on and charging and the trackpad is also dead.Charger's LED does not shine by any light(red/orange/green) . But I tested my charger with another MacBook and charger is working.I tried to connect another charger. First 1-2 minute I can see green light and then LED turns off.Trackpad is not react to any action (like double click). Right now this is just some plastic areaTurn off and turn on battery connector also didn't help me.The laptop did not receive any damage and was not flooded with water. Day or two before I got it from safe and checked my email then closed it and put to the safe again(hotel standard safe) (everything was okay but I didn't remember battery charge percent at that day) then I open and figured out that MacBook is dead.
Spoofing the OS version to trick a buggy installer I've been tasked with supporting a print shop using Kodak Prinergy 6.1, which is ancient. I need to install it on a new machine. The problem is that the installer has a bug where it compares OS versions lexicographically, so it doesn't grok that 10.13 is newer than the required minimum of 10.4.Is there a way I can trick the installer into thinking I'm running 10.9?
What options for clean install of MacOS High Sierra after permanent error message? I have a late 2012 iMac i7 16GB RAM and 1TB FusionDrive which I want to sell. Using the Disk Utilities in Recovery Mode, I erased all data on the Macintosh HD partition. I then went on and selected reinstall MacOS High Sierra in the recovery mode, which failed a couple of times (no progress for hours) and after several tries it showed Mountain Lion (instead of High Sierra before) as the OS to be installed. I tried this as well, but the installation process froze after about 7 hours with \"3 hour remaining\". Then, I created a USB bootable installer for High Sierra. When booting the iMac and pressing the option key, I am presented this USB drive as startup option, and when I select it I end up in the recovery mode window again with the option to reinstall High Sierra. The installation takes about 5 minutes and in the very last second I receive an error message \"An error occurred while preparing the installation. Try running this application again\".What options do I have from here?Note: I already checked the system date, which is current. I checked if there's a recovery partition, and there is a Apple_Boot partition but without the usual name (\"Recovery HD\"). There are no disk / partition errors when running verify / repair.
IPhone 6 Cell antenna works intermittently I have an iPhone 6, and the cell antenna does not work at all, except right after it's re-assembled.I replaced the battery and it worked for about 15 minutes (I activated it and made a call).Batteries Plus changed the antenna and it did not work, then when they put the old antenna back in and put it back together it worked for a few minutes, similar to my experience.Is there any hope for this?  I have done at least 6 factory firmware resets with itunes, and am looking for any suggestions for other things to try.
Preserve app data when moving to new Apple ID (complication: can't log in to old Apple ID) I need to set up a new phone with a new Apple ID for a friend. We're facing two technical problems: We need to preserve some data from the old phone (specifically, the WhatsApp chat log). We don't know the password to the Apple ID the old phone is linked to.Current situation: We have the old phone (associated with the old account), and we have successfully updated it to the latest iOS version and backed it up via iTunes. The old phone does not have iCloud services/backup activated. We have the new phone (factory reset), updated to the same iOS version (11.2.2).I was able to successfully restore the backup to the new phone. However, in order to install the apps (and thus access their data) from the old phone, they need to be downloaded with the old Apple ID, for which we don't have the password (and no way of resetting it either).If I bind the phone to the new Apple ID, I have to delete and reinstall WhatsApp, so the chat logs will be gone. Is there any way to back them up and restore them to the new ID (the phone number/SIM card remains the same)?
Why are hanged windows deminimizable but not minimizable? I see that whenever an app like Mac Chrome hangs, the app will show a spinner and stop responding. So that's the same behavior as for Windows, butI've realized an oddity for Mac:Why is it that the hanged Mac windows can still be moved around and deminimized, yet can't be minimized or closed?Is there a technical reason/rationale/explanation for this odd behavior?
iMac 2017 5k host, iMac 2017 21 target display mode I am using my iMac 2017 5k as my main machine and want to use my 21 inch 2017 iMac in target display mode. When I try command f2 I hear a beep and nothing happens. I have also tried doing it at the login screen and also tried fn command f2 but nothing worked. What am I doing wrong? Is this possible?
How can I see which files I used some days ago? I had a telephone conference days three days ago. I took notes while talking and now I can't find them. It could be that I just tipped them into an open document or maybe I created a new one and didn't save it properly or idk... I looked through the last versions of the last docs I used but found nothing.I still know the exact time I called, so maybe I would remember where I wrote them if I could see which files I used while the call.Is there any possibility to see which files I used that time? I already tried to look it up on the console but found nothing. And in the device tab, there are only the events of today.I'd be very happy if someone could help me because these were very important.Have a nice weekend,Daniel
On Apple TV, What does signing in with my TV provider and allowing apps to access the subscription actually do? I thought the idea was that i could go into the Apple TV settings app and sign in with my TV provider, so that I would not need to sign into into apps individually. What i find is that even after an app asks for permission to access my TV subscription, I am still required to go to another device, navigate to a URL, and sign in with my TV provider password. Is this working right?
Question about compatibility of High Sierra (on MBP 2017) w Photoshop Elements 2018 Specifically: Are there certain things I should do on my end (MacBook Pro 2017, High Sierra) so as to avoid crashing Photoshop Elements 2018? Not having a decent photo software on my MBP is driving me crazy and Gimp just doesn't do it for me (subscribing to Photoshop isn't worth it).I've read tons of reviews. For every 5-star glowing review, there is a damning one. PE2018 should be the same upon delivery (download or disc), right? The variable here is the computer environment--which is why I am posting my question here and not on Amazon.Thanks in advance!
How to get list of folders in sidebar? How to get the list of folders in the sidebar using AppleScript?It is okay to get the list of all items too since I will be able to search for them 
Screen Capture on MacOS Its been a while I am looking for mechanism of screen capture in MacOS. Even with extensive googling I found no luck with its actual mechanism. Can somebody guide me through some good resources or even better the actual mechanism and implementation of screen capture (with api calls and functioning)?Thanks
iPhone keeps losing signal right after picking up a call We have an old iPhone 5 at work that is used as a general incoming-calls phone. It\u2019s used for very little other than just making and receiving calls.In general, its reception has always been good and stable, with no unexpected problems.Lately, however, an issue has started repeating with annoying frequency: when we receive a call and pick up the phone, the conversation goes smoothly for about 20\u201330 seconds or so, then you hear three short, rapid bleeps (\u2018doot-doot-doot\u2019), and the connection is dropped. A few seconds later, the signal strength indicator at the top of the screen says \u201cNo signal\u201d for about 10\u201320 seconds. Then full signal comes back and you can continue to make calls as usual.I haven\u2019t experienced this issue when calling out\u2014only when receiving calls. When calls are not being made, signal strength also seems to be normal (at least I haven\u2019t noticed it cutting out at other times).The actual signal strength is excellent, so it\u2019s not because of dodgy coverage. We have about ten other phones, both iPhones and Androids, that manage just fine, and this is a recent issue with this one phone as well. Wifi signal/connection is not lost.I\u2019ve tried Googling for a solution to this issue, but all I\u2019m able to find are countless reports of either people who can\u2019t receive calls at all on their phones (which we can), or people whose phones just generally have bad reception/signal (which ours doesn\u2019t).I\u2019ve tried toggling basically all the reception/signal/connection-related settings I could find, and the phone has been restarted and switched off/on several times, with no effect.Is this a known issue that my weak Google-fu is just unable to unearth? And more importantly, is there a solution for it?
How can I erase all photos on my iOS 11 device that can't be removed with Image Capture trick? I have over 17,000 photos sync'd from my Mac on to my iPhone running iOS 11. As seems these days, the synced photos do not give you the option of deleting them from the phone (yes, I understand this wouldn't delete them from my Mac). The problem is that I don't want all these photos on there, I only want the last few weeks or so but I think iTunes and the phone are confused as I'm not sure how to get rid of the extraneous photos.To be clear, the photos in question are ones previously sync'd to the phone from iTunes on a Mac that runs the Photos.app; there are no photos in the camera roll. Photos that have been sync'd do not give the option to be deleted, that privilege only exists for those in the current Camera Roll. As well, the Image Capture trick suggested does not work because that method only addresses pictures in the Camera Roll; it does not see the sync'd photos.In the past, I should have been able to simply uncheck the \"Sync Photos\" box and accept the \"Remove from Phone\" button, sync and then see the photos disappear from the phone. However, that doesn't do the trick - the photos are still there. I've tried re-enabling and sync'ing with a subset of photos which appears to complete successfully, but then when I try to uncheck and \"Remove from Phone\" and sync again, they still don't delete.In the past you used to be able to go into the Settings app and under storage for Photos you could press a button to delete all photos from the phone; it doesn't appear to exist as an option anymore, only \"put everything on the cloud\" which is something I do NOT want to do. It just seems that iTunes sync doesn't try to remove the old photos like it doesn't understand that they're there.Is there any way to delete all the photos on my phone or do I have to completely wipe my phone and start all over again? Strangely, the last backup iTunes took of my phone was nearly 3 months ago and the button to manually do one is grayed out thus I'm a little hesitant to do the restore.
How can I disconnect bluetooth headphones from an Apple Watch without \"forgetting device\"? How can I disconnect a bluetooth device from an apple watch without having to forget the device? Do I really have to re-pair things like headphones every time I want to disconnect them?
Why won't my Macbook remember any Messages chats anymore? Can't figure out what's going on here, but my Macbook Pro (mid-2011, macOS Sierra) no longer remembers anything new in Messages.  Every time I quit and relaunch Messages, the history is right back where it was before I launched.  The last messages I have there are from Feb 4 (4 days ago) and anything since then is always gone.  I can open it right now, chat with someone, then quit &amp; relaunch and everything we had said since launching the app, is gone.  I did just do an OS reinstall recently to try and fix some other random weird issues I was having, also repaired all permissions etc. though there was nothing to repair.  I'm stumped.EDIT:  Additionally, now every time I launch Messages, my own chat (with my contact) is defaulting to an alternate email address of mine, which is not iMessages enabled, so appears in red.  I can change it to my valid address, send messages do whatever I want... but again once I relaunch, it's reset to as it was before, with all new chats gone and seto to use a non-enabled email address.
Automator Service that opens URL from rich text I would like to make an Automator Service that will open any link in a different browser (i.e. Firefox) than default (Safari). Precisely: I want to right click on any link in Mac OS and select a service that will open that link in a Firefox.
Delete all files of a resolution Apple Photos I have recently, imported various photos from both iCloud Shared Album downloads and directly from my iPhone. The problem is that some of these photos are duplicates, however the iCloud Shared Album duplicates are exactly half the resolution.Duplicate scanners I have tried fail detecting these duplicates because of their different resolution. Additionally, I want to make sure I delete the low-res versions.Is it possible to batch-delete photos by resolution in Photos.app?
Is there a way to receive push notifications translated from a foreign language? I have multiple apps which I get notifications from but they are all in Hebrew. I was wondering if there is a way to let the notification go through a process in which something like Google Translate translates the push notifications and then I receive them. Is that possible?
Is there a menu bar tool which will let me eject external drives easily? I usually have a lot of external drives connected to my MacBook, such as flash drives, hard drives, and SD cards. It so happens that I need to eject them quite often.The usual way I eject these is by either showing the desktop using a shortcut and dragging the drives I want to eject to the trash, or navigating to the finder and ejecting the drives from there, or by using a script which ejects all my external drives at once. However, when I want to do something simple like ejecting a flash drive or SD card (which I do quite often) I'd prefer not to break my workflow and simply be able to, say, click on a menu bar icon and select which volume I want to eject.I haven't yet seen a utility which can achieve this. Does anyone know of one?
LDAP on non-Server OSX I have read where Apple plans to stop making OSX server.  What does this mean for LDAP services?  Is it possible to install LDAP on a regular mac running High Sierra? Could my own iMac be the LDAP server for my organization in other words?
Macbook Pro Late 2011 13\" Dual Monitors I have two external monitors (both are Sanyo TVs). My Macbook Pro has one Thunderbolt. I purchased a Mini DisplayPort to Dual HDMI Adapter. The adapter is connected to the Mini Display port and to a USB. I have two HDMI cables, each connected to their own HDMI port in the adapter. My problem: The laptop works just fine independently; however, the two external monitors mirror each other. I have tried clicking on Display and clicking on Detect Displays but it does not detect the 3rd monitor or if it does, I am unable to make it work independent of the 2nd monitor - Help, Please!
Alarm not based on neither sound nor vibration When my neighbour's iPhone alarm sound wakes him up each morning, it wakes me up too. To top it off he snoozes for aeons, which usually means I'll never get to sleep again, even after he gets up.I thought to ask him to switch to vibration only, but the walls are so paper thin and our beds are both right up against each side of the wall, that even this is likely to wake me up.The solution I've been pondering is to find an alarm app that uses the flash light to wake people up. Questions:Is the flash light on an iPhone sufficient to wake up a person?Are there other options for waking him that will not wake me?I reckon for example that the Apple Watch has a vibrating alarm, but this is a rather costly solution. Maybe there's a cheap ($10), small, comfortable, cool-looking wearable that does this specifically?
Cloning HD in SSD I have an old Mac that I\u2019d like to upgrade by adding an SSD.The problem is that the OS is really old (Snow Leopard, Mac Early 2008), so I\u2019m really not sure if is the backup restore is going to work. So I thought I could carbon copy the current hard disk to a new SSD and boot from the SSD. Do you see any problem in this approach?
Software export compliance for App Store I have developed a game for iOS platform. This game uses Google Analytics.I have following questions:Is my game(software) subject to export compliance for App Store submission?Do I need to provide any documents related to export compliance for App Store submission?I would appreciate any suggestion and thoughts on this topic. Thank you.
5K external screen with 2015 15 inch retina MBP with Intel Iris Pro graphics Has anyone tried whether Intel Iris Pro found in 2015 retina MBP is powerful enough to drive single 5K screen like Dell UltraSharp UP2715K or Iiyama ProLite XB2779QQS or Philips 275P4VYKEB or HP Z27q? (basically all the ones that aren't relying on usb c/thunderbolt 3 connector like LG 27MD5KB-B UltraFine)?I'm trying to find an external screen for my MBP and unfortunately due to macOS/OSX's focus on retina screens, non retina screens (fonts mainly) look pathetically bad, whereas Windows (even launched within OSX via RDC) looks sweet. So the only option is to either go 4k but that means usable resolution would be 1080p or 5k with usable 1440p. Hence I'm wondering if it can drive 5k screens.
is it a problem to buy an iPhone in a different country? My parents are traveling in Central America, and my mom's iPhone was stolen. She was going to buy another one in Honduras. After their trip wraps up in a month or two, she's going to come back to the US and the vast majority of her future usage will be in the US. I'm just wondering if there are any potential problems with this plan. I know that when you setup an iPhone you can choose a particular language, so that isn't a problem. One potential problem is it will probably cost her more, because she'll be buying without the subsidy she'd get from a US carrier. She knows about this and is willing to do it anyway, because she really likes sending photos to us from her trip. Are there any other technical or logistical issues? The big one I can think of is maybe the model she'll get will be setup for different cellular bands than the model she'd get in a US. But my information might be dated, perhaps this used to be a bigger problem last decade than now. Plus this is Central America, not Europe or Asia.Anyway, this is a pretty wide-ranging question but thanks for any advice you can provide.ALSO: Since this is a stolen iPhone situation, is there any Apple-specific thing you might recommend? We are already going to 1) Tell Verizon to switch her service to her new iPhone, and 2) Attempt to wipe the phone remotely using Find My iPhone. But I forget if it helps to tell Apple about the theft. This is an older model iPhone (5?) and not on the latest iOS so it might not have some of the latest anti-theft capabilities that I think they put in iOS recently (but forget what they were)
MacBook randomly shuts down This is likely the same problem I saw reported countless times. However, mine comes with a twist, so I wonder if anyone can provide extra insight. Briefly, my laptop randomly shuts down (I think it happens only on battery). It's an early 2011 17\" version running the latest macOS.A few weeks ago I reinstalled the whole macOS after it wouldn't turn on anymore. I thought it might've been a hardware issue as many people suggest replacing the motherboard, but I was still able to boot it in the safe mode, which would suggest it's a software component issue.Fast-forward and it's started happening again, although only infrequently and I am able to turn it back on very quickly if I have a charger nearby. Now, here are 2 insights I noticed and wonder if anyone can explain futher.1/ Once the laptop \"dies\I usually need to connect it to the charger to start it again. It feels like giving it some juice to power up. The battery level doesn't seem to play a role here (happens on 90% too). Sometimes if I connect the charger, turn it on, remove charger, it dies instantly. As if I had to keep the charger in for a certain amount of time until it feels confident to run without it. Feels like teaching a child ride a bike.2/ Lately, I developed a new theory that it happens only when discharging AND I have to have the laptop on my lap, bed, or other unstable surface. I am paying attention now if it happens again when I work on desk, I couldn't replicate it so far. It's this point that drives me crazy, wondering what it could be.Any experience with this issue is welcome. [UPDATE]: I removed case from the Macbook, dusted it off a bit and since then it's been running without any issues again. I haven't changed any settings or components. Computers are weird.
Automator workflow to close programme when laptop is closed / goes to sleep I've got a programme that I use regularly that has a really bad memory leak problem. It seems to be triggered when closing my laptop / putting it to sleep and then waking the laptop up again. I wondered if it's possible to create an Automator workflow to say \"when laptop is closed / when laptop goes to sleep close programme\"? 
Microsoft Remote Desktop via Ethernet Cable I use a MacBook Pro regularly, but I also have a Windows 10 box that's sitting right next to me. I use Microsoft Remote Desktop (MRD) from the Mac to occasionally remote into the PC over WiFi for the quick odd job.Now I have a game on the Windows box that I'd really prefer to play over on my MacBook Pro. Trouble is, MRD is too sluggish for the game over my WiFi. Is it possible to connect these two computers with an Ethernet cable so that I can still use MRD to access the Windows box? I assume the greater bandwidth will allow me to play the game without lag. Appreciate any pointers how to make this work. Thanks!
Control iPhone Remotely Can you control an iPhone remotely using Mobile Device Management protocol? or any other protocol/service? Of course, the user's consent will be obtained before performing any actions.I am mainly interested in changing the settings and manually selecting a carrier on behalf of the user. Any suggestions are welcomed.
Control iPhone Remotely Can you control an iPhone remotely using Mobile Device Management protocol? or any other protocol/service? Of course, the user's consent will be obtained before performing any actions.I am mainly interested in changing the settings and manually selecting a carrier on behalf of the user. Any suggestions are welcomed.
Control + H Deletes text and other weird keyboard shortcuts For some weird reason, when I hold down Control + H it deletes the text as if I was pressing the \"Delete\" button. Occasionally, when I hold down Control + L and have a text highlighted, it would highlight it in yellow as if I clicked hard enough to define it. This just started happening a few days ago. I did not install any apps or programs prior to this happening. I tried this in Chrome, Notes, and other apps to see if it was app specific - it wasn't. It had this problem system wide. I also booted my Mac in safe mode and it still happens in safe mode.Does anyone have any idea as to what's happening?I have a 2015 Macbook Pro running on OS X High Sierra 10.13.3.Thanks!
Best version of DOSBox for macOS (Homebrew version seems abandoned) I've been using DOSBox through Homebrew for years, and now it won't update because of a SHA256 mismatch error. I tried all possible updates and cleanups in Homebrew to no avail. According to Homebrew, this means the brew is abandoned. DOSBox was last updated in 2010. What is the best version of DOSBox for macOS, preferably available through Homebrew?
Want to create smart playlist where song titles match names in another playlist, but w/ diff. bitrate My iTunes music library consists of iTunes downloads (256 kbps), and songs copied from my CD's (~400 \u2013 1100 kbps).  I have a dumb playlist containing a subset of these, which I sync to my iPod Nano (it doesn't have room for my entire library(.  Also on the nano are other dumb playlists, each containing specific songs that are subsets of my main dumb playlist, which are tailored to my various workouts.Recently, however, I've started listening to audiobooks on my Nano, which means I need to free up more room, so I'd like to replace all the CD-quality songs on my nano with 320 kbps versions (and I'd likewise like to still be able to use my various workout playlists).  I thus had iTunes create 320 kbps versions of all my CD-quality songs. What I'd like to do is create smart playlists containing only songs whose bitrate is 320 kbps, and whose title matches a song found in a specified dumb playlist. This doesn't seem to be possible, but if it is I'd love to find out how!Yes, I could just leave things as they are and, from within the Nano control window available in iTunes, tell iTunes to convert everything on my Nano to 256 kbps.  But, since I have the space for 320 kbps, why not keep the maximum resolution?  Granted, I might have trouble telling the difference....
How can I switch spaces instantly? I can't overstate the significance of \"instantly\"! I'm trialling a working process that makes very heavy use of spaces. Heavy enough that any delay when switching spaces is making it essentially unworkable.I made a change \u2014 turned \"Reduce Motion\" on \u2014 which I think sped things up, but nowhere near enough. I need the delay to be as little as it is when, for example, switching windows within the same app+space i.e. instant.To demonstrate the issue, open a few applications across a couple of spaces, then try to cmd-tab between a) apps on different spaces b) apps on the same space. Note that, even with \"reduce motion\" enabled, switching is much faster within a space.Is there any setting I can change, or third-party app, that will totally eliminate the delay? Failing that, can anyone familiar with macos programming weigh in on whether this is even possible or not, or whether its something imposed by the OS which there is no chance of changing at all (without hacking the os binary!)I'm running a MacBook Pro Retina Mid-2014, macOS 10.13.3, with 10 workspaces configured.My preference would be for the animation to be totally eliminated for every switch-spacing mechanism. However, my main method is going to be using Ctrl+[1-0] to switch between 10 workspaces.
Screenshot paste only works in some apps, not in Google Chrome I used to love shift+control+command+4 for pasting screen grabs. But now it doesn't work in Chrome.In Stickies and Text Edit it doesn't work and gives the Apple error sound.The pasting Works fine in Discord, Skype and Firefox.I'm using macOS High Sierra 10.13.4, copy paste image doesn't work in Safari either.This is a real productivity killer.
Cannot paste images from clipboard to Facebook in Safari unlike Google Chrome I have problems pasting images from clipboard to Facebook in Safari.I have recently uninstalled Google Chrome and started using Safari since Chrome uses tons of energy and memory. I liked it but I had to reinstall Chrome since the Safari clipboard is very limited.For example in Google Chrome I can copy and paste easily pictures from Tumblr to Facebook, using shortcuts or looking for the option with the Magic Mouse. In Safari this does not work in any possible way, I tried \"cmd + v\" to paste an image I have copied before which I expect should work, but does not. Yes, in Safari I cannot paste any image!I have macOS High Sierra 10.13.3 MacBook Pro (13-inch, 2017, Two Thunderbolt 3 ports)Do I need to reinstall Chrome in order to be able to paste images in Facebook?
iPad repeatedly asks for WiFi password although unchanged Sometimes our Internet service (terrestrial wireless funneled through our router to all devices in our house) temporarily stops working, but comes back up within minutes. During and after the outage our Windows and Android devices never report a problem with the WiFi password, just network issues, and never require the password to be re-entered to re-establish connectivity.On the other hand, our iPad Air 2 (Version 11.2.6 (15D100) Model MH182LL/A) frequently requires the user to re-enter the WiFi password, on some occasions many times. This despite the fact that the Internet interruption has nothing to do with the WiFi password. Once I \"Reset Network Settings\" on the iPad, and naturally I expected to have to enter the WiFi password once more, but as before I must enter it again and again.The router is an ASUS RT-N66R and I have changed little of its defaults other than of course the password, but I changed the password shortly after buying the router and haven't changed it since.How can we avoid having to re-enter the WiFi password on the iPad every time there is some kind of Internet interruption?
Merging PDF files Together I\u2019m looking for a workaround to not buy Adobe Acrobat since this is the only time that I had needed it since using a computer for the last 20 years and I need to do just this 1 job with it.I\u2019m trying to use Preview viewer to merge pdf files together and I was successful at doing it just a minute ago yet can\u2019t seem to replicate my steps again. I open 2 pdf files in 2 separate Preview viewers (one being an older version) then drag a page from one sidebar into the next sidebar to correlate my multiple pdf file.But the Save and Save All option is grayed out and the Save option is only allowed in the drop down submenu under File. It would be nice if they weren\u2019t :/ But I have seen a Save All option button when I try to close the Preview viewer and this document looks like it\u2019s saved somewhere but never says to where and I can\u2019t find the file name under the Search bar option.Does anyone here know a work around on how I can do this please? Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated thank you very much.
Can I prevent some iPhone apps from needing to be reloaded? Recently some iPhone apps which are already installed are not available when clicked. I noticed recently some apps I don\u2019t use often need to be reloaded. I assume this is some kind of memory reallocation innovation to make room for all of my favorite podcasts. It happens like this, I click on an icon, and a clock-like loading animation covers the icon and it\u2019s unavailable until it\u2019s \u201creloaded\u201d. Ok. But this necessitates WiFi, and near impossible to reload while on the train, for example.Today I was not able to use my gmail app, and more importantly Transit app were unavailable when I needed them. I absolutely can\u2019t have Transit app ever unavailable or requiring download  as I rely it to find alternate routes home during my NYC commute to work and home.Is there a way to prevent certain critical third-party apps from unloading?
Can I allow Mac using Internet Sharing via Thunderbolt to talk to other devices on network? Does my MacBook - which is connected via Thunderbolt bridge to an iMac with Internet Sharing - see devices on the network the iMac is connected to?I can see a new subnet is created on the Thunderbolt bridge adapter: 192.168.2.xMy main network is 192.168.1.x - the iMac is connected to this on Ethernet adapter.Can I let the MacBook connect to other devices on the 192.168.1.x subnet?I want to connect to a network share on another device in this upstream network.Ideally:I would be able to assign the MacBook with an (additional?) IPaddress in the 192.168.1.x range.Bonjour would be able to finddevices on the upstream network that had file sharing enabled, andshow them in the Finder sidebar.
Can beta-features be added to the app on the App Store? We are working on an iOS app which is already on the App Store. We are planning some new features for the app. Can we add these unfinished features in a beta mode? Will Apple allow this?
Reinstalling iMovie on a mid 2009 MacBook Pro I accidentally uninstalled my iMovie from my MacBook Pro mid 2009. Thing is, when I go to the app store and try to reinstall it, I can't \u2013 my system's too old.When I try to get an old version of iMovie, they're just updates \u2013 not the core application itself.I need any (really... any!) version of iMovie running by today because I have an urgent video edition due. Anyone has any clue about how to reinstall the iMovie on my old MacBook?
Somehow got Porn on iPad Was looking on very reputable website for kids sports.  Clicked on what I thought was an ad and got porn. Finally had to delete Teamsnap app to get rid of it.    How could this happen on a website?
How is the UUID for a user used by macOS? In the Advanced Options for a user under the Users &amp; Groups System Preference, there is field for UUID and a button for Create New next to it. How is the UUID used by macOS and what are the implications of changing it?
Can I track the amount of time I spend on which websites on Safari (iOS and OSX)? I would like to get something like a report of how much times I spend on which websites on a daily, weekly and monthly basis.For example statistics like, you spend 2 hours on twitter, 3 hours on facebook, and 3 hours on google in the last week.I would like this kind of information, because I want to get more insights in my own behaviour. I know there is Safari History. And I hope there are maybe applications that can analyze this history for me.If not, could I maybe write a script that could this kind of information out of my Safari History?I would like a solution for both iOS and OSX.
Time Machine starts backup but stop and never starts again I had Time Machine configured and working, then one day it stopped working and got stuck on preparing backup. I ended up wiping the backup drive and had Time Machine start new. It finds the drive and begins to back up but then it never finishes, in fact it will start every hour but never finish. I have exhausted everything on Google that I could find. Is there a way to wipe the Time Machine config files and start fresh on Mac OS?
Paint replacement for MacOS I need an app that does the following:Allow me to paste multiple snapshots from clipboard. Also resize and move them.Draw arrows, write texts...Just what paint on windows does.I've tried Gimp but is terrible slow and full of bugs.
MacBook Pro - FaceTime HD Camera - Hardware \"Failure'? System Report>Camera>No video capture devices were found<blockquote>  USB>Device Tree> No FaceTime HD Camera (inbuilt)listed </blockquote>What can be the cause for \"camera hardware failure\"? Could faulty iSight cam wifi antenna cable linkage between logic board and camera board (in display)result in Camera hardware not \"found\"?
Using Swedish keyboard as English ANSI on macbook pro I have got a macbook pro late 2015 with MacOS High Sierra on it. It has a Swedish keyboard.How can I use it as an English ANSI type? There are problems with replacement some keys and it doesn't comfortable for my work. MacOS recognizes this keyboard as ISO and it is impossible to change it in system preferences.How can I fix this problem?
Blinking yellow light on my Apple Time Capsule What does a blinking yellow light on my 2TB Time Capsule indicate?  Seems as if my WiFi is still working.
how do I change the F3 and F4 to copy and paste? Using the Magic Keyboard, how do I change the F3 and F4 back to copy and paste?  The Apple Magic Keyboard with High Sierra launches mission control or something else.   
Completely disable a keyboard shortcut for one application When using Microsoft Remote Desktop, I frequently find myself accidentally trying to close browser tabs with \u2318W (which is mapped to \"Close Connection\" by default).  I was at least able to stop it from closing the connection every time by mapping it to one of the help menu options, but it's still annoying to have a window pop up every time I do it.What I really want is for it to do nothing, but all I can find is how to assign a different key combination to the command (which doesn't work in this case for some reason, it just adds it as a second shortcut in addition to \u2318W) or how to assign the key combination to a different command. Is there any way to disable the shortcut entirely instead?Update: this seems to specifically be a problem with Microsoft Remote Desktop version 8.
Hitting Play/Pause key (F8) ends FaceTime call In High Sierra, hitting the Play/Pause (f8) button now ends a FaceTime call if one is in progress. This is quite frustrating as I often pause music after I answer a FaceTime call, is there any way to disable this?
Quicktime 10 - export in original size, not 4k, 1080p, 720p etc? I do a lot of non full size screen recordings, e.g., they could be small such as 320x240 or in completely non-standard sizes and proportions like 1500x300. I want to save them using HEVC (rather than the default H.264).In QTP HEVC is only available using File -> Export but that way I can only use a couple of standard dimensions (4k, 1080p, 720p and 480p).How can I use both HEVC and a non-standard format in QTP10?
Windows stopped working on Macbook I was able to install Windows 7 32-bit on my Macbook 2,1 and it functioned well. Not longer than a week later, Windows Boot Manager hanged, it was stuck on countdown and I couldn't select any other option, using the arrow keys didn't do anything, so I couldn't boot in safe mode, if somehow I was able to select an option (it would give me 1-2 seconds before it hangs), I would be greeted with a black screen and that's it.I decided to just delete the Windows partition and install it again but it didn't appear to have solved the problem, the installation would also hang 1-2 seconds after the blinking underscore, the same that happened before I deleted the original Windows partition.I noticed that if I wait a little longer, the progress bar for \"Windows is loading files\" is actually progressing, albeit at a very slow pace. When it finished, it would give me the Starting Windows screen, but no logo. Again, I waited longer and then I saw the actual Windows installation, no longer hanging, I could move the cursor and install Windows 7. However, right after the first reboot and I would be greeted again by the Starting Windows screen, it no longer progresses, tried waiting for it overnight and woke up to the same Starting Windows screen.Please help me, I've tried using a different Windows 7 ISO file and even tried Windows 10, and the same problem persists.Any help would be very appreciated.
Can\u2019t choose startup disk after wiping hard drive from OSX Utilities I\u2019m helping someone with their old laptop (17\u201d, mid-2009, if that matters). I restarted with cmdR to load OSX Utilities, and I used Disk Utility to wipe Macintosh HD, overwriting it three times and formatted as OS X Extended (Journaled). Afterwards, after successfully connecting to my Wi-Fi, I clicked on Reinstall OS X, and it\u2019s giving me the option to set up El Capitan (the OS X that\u2019s installed, and from what I can tell, the latest that can be installed). But when I hit continue, it gives me an error message:<blockquote>  An error occurred while preparing the installation. Try running this application again. </blockquote>I get the same message every time I try. So I thought I\u2019d try quitting OS X Utilities without reinstalling OS X and see what happens. After clicking on Choose Startup Disk, I get a blank list to choose from, with a restart button. No startup disks are available. Clicking restart, as one might expect, yields the following error message:<blockquote>  You can\u2019t change the startup disk to the selected disk.    Startup Disk could not gather enough information on the selected disk. </blockquote>So I quit Startup Disk and went back to Disk Utility, and I tried running First Aid on both Macintosh HD and OS X Base System. Neither one had any issues. So what is my issue? Did I mess up when wiping the hard drive? Do I just need to reformat it? Is there anything I can do, or have I rendered this computer a hunk of junk? Also, how do I prevent this in the future?
Override and restore the normal functionality of Apple keyboard media keys in VLC? We're all used to the media keys in the top row of an Apple keyboard to command iTunes, even when some other application is frontmost. If I have VLC frontmost, those media keys don't control iTunes but work as \"next / previous\" in VLC, which is a rather annoying exception because not does it only make iTunes controlling unreachable, it's plain unnecessary because to navigate within the frontmost application, the norm is to use arrow keys, or cmd+arrow.How do I reserve the good old media keys for iTunes, always?I'm on Yosemite.
Mac Mini TAOP--124 Hardware Test I recently bought a Mac Mini which I knew was missing the hard drive, so easy fix right? Whenever I start the Mac the fans are running really high and the odd thing is I can only start the Mac in safe mode otherwise it will go into a boot loop.I did a PRAM/SMC reset, but no result. I performed an Apple Hardware Test and I got an error:4SNS/1/C0000008 TAOP-- 124: Ambient Temperature SensorI tried to connect an other Mac Mini's sensor but that didn't work either. The thing is, the Mac runs from an external harddrive connected to the Mac through SATA to USB. It is missing the internal SATA. Can it have something to do with the missing SATA? Or has anyone else fixed this issue before?
iMac doesn\u2018t start up My iMac doesn\u2019t start up. The loading bar doesn\u2019t fill up and then, after 10 minutes or so, it shuts down. I tried to get in the recovery mode, but there is the Macintosh HD drive grey and it says \u201enot active\u201c.Any help or advice on how to solve it? Thanks(I haven\u2018t saved my files on a external hard drive and I don\u2018t want to lose it)Macos 10.13Update:  So i think it tries to repairs the volume repair volume and then some error messages one says invalid number of threads and then it tries again and then something fails and it shuts down.
Can anyone tell me a Skype alternative? There are a lot but they don't have screen-sharing, I want a one with screen-sharing, for windows and free. Thanks
iCloud two-factor authentication on OS X Yosemite I have 3 Apple devices, an iPhone and iPad both running iOS 11 and a MacBook Pro running OS X Yosemite 10.10.On the iOS devices I am getting alerts to enable two-factor authentication for my iCloud account.Will enabling it restrict me from accessing my iCloud account on my MacBook Pro?
Is it possible to install a Safari extension on an iPhone? Is it possible to install a Safari extension on an iPhone, if so, how?
Can't login because of kernel panic When I restart my computer I usually type my password to log me in. However, when I try to do this now it shows me the following message:<blockquote>  \"Your computer restarted because of a problem\"</blockquote>So I restart my laptop and enter my password again but I still get the same error message. This happens repeatedly if I reboot, so I can't login anymore. After researching this problem I found out that my computer is suffering a kernel panic. I tried the following 3 possible solutions I found to fix this problem:I used the cmd + option + P + R shortcut during startup to reset the NVRAM.I booted into Safe Mode by holding the shift key down while rebooting.I booted into Recovery with the cmd + R keys to get me into OS X Utilities to run First Aid on the Startup Disk. None of the above resolved the issue.Can anyone help me fix this problem?
Can't login because of kernel panic When I restart my computer I usually type my password to log me in. However, when I try to do this now it shows me the following message:<blockquote>  \"Your computer restarted because of a problem\"</blockquote>So I restart my laptop and enter my password again but I still get the same error message. This happens repeatedly if I reboot, so I can't login anymore. After researching this problem I found out that my computer is suffering a kernel panic. I tried the following 3 possible solutions I found to fix this problem:I used the cmd + option + P + R shortcut during startup to reset the NVRAM.I booted into Safe Mode by holding the shift key down while rebooting.I booted into Recovery with the cmd + R keys to get me into OS X Utilities to run First Aid on the Startup Disk. None of the above resolved the issue.Can anyone help me fix this problem?
What color wallpaper makes page control dots on iPhone invisible? What color wallpaper do I need to use to make the page control dots invisible?I know, you can't really hide them, as in remove from the screen (without iOS jailbreaking) but you can make them almost invisible if you select the right color of the wallpaper.I have tried using two different wallpapers, while one makes them almost invisible the other does not, but the dots are over the same color on both wallpapers. 
10.13.4 = 1 fewer monitors on my MacBook Pro mid 2012 (non-Retina)? I have a 2012 MBP non-retina.  I've been running 2 old CRT's along with the laptops monitor.  One CRT is connected through a Thunderbolt converter, and the other through a DVI/USB converter.  When my system automatically updated to 10.13.4 today, I soon learned that: 10.13.4 does not support the USB converter... which I guess Apple considers an 'enhancement'?  Just looking for some clever ideas as to how I might regain my expansive desktop, without 'having' to Time Machine back to 10.13.3.
can't find \"WhatsApp Web\" on my iPhone I am trying to set up WhatsApp on my computer (Mac running OS X El Capitan version 10.11.6).  I am told to \"select WhatsApp Web\" in my iPhone settings.  But there is no \"WhatsApp Web\" anywhere.  The iPhone is running iOS 11.3.
Open Browser on Login How would I configure mac's to open a browser to a certain website on login for all users? I work in a lab we need to distribute a survey. I'm looking for a possible terminal command to configure this.
XLR Microphone not working with phantom power supply I'm using macbook air. My XLR mic works fine without phantom power supply in between, it's just that audio is low. When I use phantom power supply, macbook doesn't detect the microphone. Has anybody faced a similar problem? What's the solution?
MacBook Pro question on former owner I have a used MacBook.  The former user was still the admin so I Googled and followed instructions to remove his password and get myself in as admin.  I then deleted his user account.  I just looked at my settings on my iPhone and saw under messages \"share with FORMER USERS NAME MacBook\"How do I get his name off of everything?  I don't see him at all under user accounts. I don't have any discs, install media, etc.
iPod Classic can't be seen by iTunes 12.7 on Windows 10 I have a used iPod Classic 5th Generation (A1136) that was purchased for a parent as it is compatible with all their 40-pin gear. One of the parents already has an identical model which was \"working fine\" (although hadn't been synced for over a year). By this I understand that syncing has worked on their family PC (running Windows 10) in the past, but updates may have been run / fiddling may have taken place since the last successful sync.However, I plugged in this newly purchased iPod to the family PC (via USB) and strange things began to happen. The iPod appeared to connect, then disconnect and reconnect again in a loop until eventually Windows gave up and said the device had malfunctioned. iTunes doesn't detect the device at all, but once the connect/reconnect loop gives up the iPod appears as a mass storage device - but iTunes continues to ignore it.Things I have trieddifferent computer - tried it on another Windows 10 machine with an identical version of iTunes (12.7.4.76) - works flawlessly (with the same sync cable)different USB port on the same computer - all behave identicallyuninstall iTunes, reboot, reinstall iTunes, reboot - same behaviourreinstall Apple Mobile Device Support driver (usbaapl64.inf) - same behaviourHonestly, I'm tearing my hair out. Short of a clean Windows 10 install I don't know what else to do. Any ideas?
iTunes 12.7 how to download all music from iTunes Match Mac OS 10.13.4, iTunes 12.7.4Somehow my music library has become screwed up, and almost all of my 28,000-odd tracks aren't where they should be (according to iTunes). I can create a playlist of all the tracks, and I can export that playlist to a text file. But I don't see how to download those tracks to a library.All of this happened following moving my Film library to an external drive, tho I don't see the connection. My TV Programs appear to be Ok.Help!!  
File Sharing User Limit? Does non-Server macOS still have a file sharing user limit these days? The way they are abandoning the idea of running Mac Servers, it seems plausible they could have removed the file sharing limit from \"client\" macOS.Also was the former (and maybe current) 10-user limit, a limit of the number of different file sharing users that could connect at once, OR a limit of the number of inbound filesharing connections?In other words, if you created two file sharing users, could 15 people connect if 7 used account A and 8 used account B?
What's the maximum power delivery in Macbook Pro 2016, 2017 Thunderbolt 3 ports? I now this interface is capable of 100 watt, but I couldn't find what's the voltage/current capability for these machines through the USB-C ports (neither for the Macbook 12-inch 2015/16/17).
Mac App Store First Time Setup Pop Up? I Signed on Mac Store For First Time And Downloaded App.Pop-up came which says welcome to app store and it has new apple privacy icon with two man shaking hands and i clicked continue is that normal process or some adware ?
Looking to increase my iMac's RAM I am looking to increase the RAM of my iMac (Retina 5K, 27-inch, Mid 2015). I found one on the Apple website, but it is $400. If I could find a better price, it would be amazing. I was looking around on Amazon, but don't know if the SDRAMs I found work with my iMac. Do you guys have any advise for how to tell whether or not the SDRAM is compatible with my iMac?
Install Windows 10 or 8.1 on MacBook 4,1 I need some help getting Windows up and running on my Early 2008 Macbook. It does have a weird set up, but I think it's possible. All I have is a 16gb SanDisk USB drive. So, here goes. I was trying to use bootcamp to install Windows but I partitioned the disk wrong and deleted my partition for OS X. I tried all the shortcuts, but nothing worked. I finally used Startup Disk Creator on a Dell laptop running Ubuntu and got Ubuntu 17.10 running on it using the SanDisk. All is well, but I don't necessarily like Ubuntu, and I didn't really like OS X that much. I want to use the Sandisk and get either Windows 10 or Windows 8.1 running. You have to remember that while the computer is 64-bit, it has a 32-bit EFI. Here are my specs: MacBook, 4GB Ram, 2.4 GHz Core 2 Duo, 160GB HDD, Ubuntu 17.10 LTSI hope you guys can help me do this. Also, please don't hate or say \"Upgrade\" because, simply put, I can't as of now. 
Can I get my Touch Bar to play sounds to acknowledge my Touch Bar key presses? I love my MBP and the Touch Bar is pretty cool, but sometimes I find I\u2019m second-guessing myself. Did I press the ESC key or not? Did I press that function key? Well you get the idea. There\u2019s just no physical feedback and sometimes I keep tapping where I think something is, but it\u2019s not!I know there's no tactile feedback, but then it hit me - maybe there\u2019s a setting somewhere for sound. You know, like the beeps you here when pressing buttons on some devices.My guess is this is just not possible, but before I make the suggestion to Apple I wanna make sure!Any ideas?
Prevent closing of entire Xcode window on Command-W when \"Quick Open\" menu is open I have an Xcode window open with many tabs. I want to open a file through Quick Open (\u21e7\u2318O).When I decide to close the Quick Open menu and also close the current tab that I'm on, I'll press Esc to close the Quick Open menu, and then press \u2318W to close the tab. However, sometimes I make a mistake and press \u2318W on the Quick Open menu, which causes the entire Xcode window to close instead.Is it possible to prevent this behaviour? Maybe prevent \u2318W from doing anything when Quick Open is open?
Connect two monitors using DVI and/or VGA to USB-C I have a new MacBook Pro 15'' and want to connect two older 1080p monitors. Each monitor has a VGA and a DVI port. Is it possible to connect both to a single USB-C port of the MacBook? If so, how do people do this?
Can I install OS X 10.10 on a MBP Mid-2015 I buy today? I am planning on buying a MacBook Pro 15\" Mid-2015 (not a used one, but a new one directly from Apple). For reasons of running legacy software I would like to install Mac OS X 10.10 on it. When it came out, this MBP was delivered with Mac OS X 10.10.3.Now, I also know that you can't usually downgrade a system that you newly buy (say downgrade a Late-2016 MBP to OS X 10.10), as it was never available with such an old OS X in the first place.However, since the Mid-2015 MBP was in fact available with OS X 10.10, I am now wondering: Could I downgrade to OS X 10.10 when I newly buy such a machine today?
OS X 10.13.3 in Safari how set default window size & position (NOT FINDER) OS X 10.13.3 Safari how set default window size &amp; position (NOT FINDER)
Greyed out/inaccessible files on File Sharing server on Mac OS My company has a single file sharing Mac Pro computer that every user connects to. Occasionally a user will drop a file in a folder for another user to access, but the the files will be greyed out and are inaccessible to the other user, while a different user can see and access it as normal. Sometimes dropping a file will cause a user to just have spinning ball and will not drop.It has worked well enough for a few months now, but this problems has been becoming more frequent.Everyone, which is about 20 users all with iMac or Mac pros, connects to the file sharing Mac Pro using the same registered username and password. I have everyone connected via SMB. The file sharing Mac Pro has a Drobo via USB that hosts all the files. All the permissions are set to write and read for everyone.Any idea on how to fix this? Do I have this setup correctly?
App in background I have an iPhone 5C, running an app that is connected to a Bluetooth device. When the connection to the Bluetooth device is lost (spreading apart, Bluetooth turned off etc.) the app sounds a buzzer. From what I\u00b4ve read, specific apps are allowed to run in the background, and some of them communicate with Bluetooth devices. For this particular app, that is true almost all the time.The problem happens when I browse in the Web. Sometimes the app gets killed and the buzzer sounds. I am sure it gets killed because when I tap on the app in the multi-tasking UI, it reopens. When I tap on the app while running, it shows the Bluetooth device connected. Is there a way to prevent the app from getting killed?The App is Itrack Easy and the device is a Bluetooth button. I am testing this App because I intend to use this device as a panic button connected to the phone with my own App. My problem is not that hear the buzzer or not. My problem is that if this test App gets killed, mine will too and the button will not work as a panic device, available when the phone is near.
How to back up iPhone with iOS 11.3 via iTunes on a Mac? When I plug my iPhone 7 (iOS 11.3) into my Mac (macOS 10.13.4), I see the following categories in iTunes (12.7.4):I don't see any way to do backups.  How do I do local backups with the latest iOS / MacOS?
Install older OSX a dual boot on a computer with OSX High sierra I need to install a secondary OSX, older one, like yosemite or something, on a computer, which has High sierra installed. The problem is it has the crazy APFS file system, which doesn't seem to allow normal partitions (at least the Disk utility doesn't seem to do that) and it also says that it cannot run Yosemite installer, because it's too old for this computer... Any ideas?I'm also trying to download the OSX High sierra installer and the damn App Store is saying \"downloading\but that's it, no clue how far it is or if it is actually downloading...
Will I lose all existing photos if I turn on photo-syncing to iTunes for the first time? iPhone4, syncing to iTunes 10.6.3 on a mac G5 running OS 10.5.8(This is the latest system version that the G5 will run)I sync some audio on the G5 to my wife's iPhone, no problem.About half the iPhone memory is taken up with photos going back several years- photos have never been synced. If I turn ON photo syncing now, will it delete all photos on the phone? We do NOT want this to happen! But it's clogged up, and the photos don't need to be on the phone, just kept somewhere else where we can see them. But how do we get them to that \"safe somewhere else\" without risking them getting deleted forever? [I really miss the days where an iPod showed up on the desktop as an external disk, and you knew where you were!!!!]The dialogue on iTunes says 'Sync from folder...' which is what alarms me. I want things to go from the phone to a folder.Hope someone can explain this to me. Cheers!
How do I make macOS properly blacken my TV screen on standby I have a Mac Mini connected to a Sony W755C TV by HDMI. If I put \"Set display to sleep\" on the Mac, the TV goes to black but displaying a very unsightly OSD text \"HDMI 1 (Clock) No input. Check your cables, etc.\" which stays on forever, until I power the TV off manually. I can't find any menu items in the TV to remove the OSD, which just looks ugly on the huge TV in my living room.So I tried to use the TV's own \"standby if inactive for n hours\but \"inactive\" for the TV means not fiddling with the remote, which I only use for ON/OFF. The TV is oblivious to what's going on on the Mac. So it will suddenly suggest to sleep in the midst of a movie, which is obviously annoying.Is there any way I can make the TV either a) go to standby modus without any OSD text, or b) soft-power off (same as pressing OFF on the remote -- which is not full power off, mind you...)
Can I transfer 100 PDFs files from Windows to Acrobat Reader on iPad without going through iTunes? Can I transfer 100 PDFs files from Windows to Acrobat Reader on iPad without going through iTunes or transferring the file one by one?
Where does apple keeps a copy of files when I turned off iCloud drive? I turned off iCloud drive and gave me a popup stating that all documents stored in iCloud would be removed from Mac and presented three options:Keep a copy, cancel and remove from Mac.I selected \"Keep a copy option\" and can't find files in both my mac and icloud.Where would mac be keeping a copy of my data?Any help would be appreciated.
Can a foreigner make a purchase in App Store China? I want to make an IAP on my Chinese App Store account. I live in China so all the other information including mobile phone and valid address is not a problem. So I can create an account and download apps. But when I try to make a purchase, I hit the wall as there seems no way to finish the payment.Both WeChat and Alipay don\u2019t accept the foreigners account. The credit card is acceptable but only cards issued in China are acceptable, which I can\u2019t have. Also the bank transfer is not acceptable as it requires to type in a valid Chinese citizen number, which I cannot fill in using my passport number.So I wonder there is a way to make a purchase in Chinese App Store as a foreigner.
Apples use of Lightning connector in MFi Program I am thinking of an accessory as below:Let's assume accessory has battery in it to do certain function, now to charge the battery can we use same iPhone charger lightning port and draw the power from that port?Basically there will be simultaneous charging of accessory battery and iPhone\u2019s battery. Do apple have any restriction on that kind of accessory?Please note, the accessory is not a Power Bank.
macOS Japanese Hiragana-only input On Windows's Japanese IME, when typing Hiragana, I can change the conversion mode to \"No conversion\and then the romaji I type are entered as hiragana without having to press space or enter. Is there any way to do this on macOS (particularly High Sierra)?For example, on Windows (with this setting), I can type \"\u3072\u3089\u304c\" into my search engine of choice and press enter to get the search. But on macOS, I have to press enter twice (once to accept the hiragana without conversion, and once to search).Some kind of work-around would also be of interest. I type a lot of pure-hiragana when studying.
New file/database in OmniFocus 2 for macOS When first starting to use OmniFocus, it opens with some example data preloaded for practice. Am I supposed to delete that bogus data, and continue to use that existing file/database for my own data? Or am I supposed to create a new distinct file or database for my own real data? I\u2019ve tried looking through the manual. But I do not see anything about new files or about backing up my database.
Need help with importing Camera Roll images from iPhone to Mac I\u2019m trying to pull images off of my Camera Roll on my iPhone 6s with iOS 11.2 to my Mac locally and not using iCloud as I won\u2019t sign up for that. I would like to use the Image Capture program or iPhoto, but I've also tried using the Dr Fone programs too and all of them say that my iPhone has a password lock on it and they can\u2019t access my iPhone when it's connected via USB cable. However, I have no password active on it.The only thing that I can think of is that when I first bought the iPhone it asked me for a Passcode during the first initial set up and for some reason this main Passcode is preventing me from accessing the photos through my Mac.Can this be correct? Or how else can I get access to empty my camera roll locally onto my Mac?
How can I force Dropbox to Sync files I have several files in my local Dropbox directory which Finder shows with the blue \"in progress\" indicator, some have been there for days.How can I force Dropbox to Sync the unsynced files?
iPhone 8 Plus (iOS 11.4) is frozen on emergency SOS screen Last evening I tried to add a system macroscript (Switch Control) recipe. After that my iPhone wasn't responding to any of touch moves. I managed to unlock it with Touch ID but I failed a couple of times and now it requires a password. I tried this:  Subtle click the volume UP button. Subtle click the volume DOWN button. Hold the startup button until you see apple logo.Instead of force restart I'm stuck in emergency SOS screen mode. Touch interface doesn't work, force restart is not possible now. What do I do?
Why do I get \"A program tried to load new system extension(s) signed by 'Benjamin Fleischer'\"? When I try to mount a disk using sshfs on my Mac High Sierra v10.13 I get the pop-up message:<blockquote>  System Extension Blocked    A program tried to load new system extension(s) signed by \u201cBenjamin Fleischer\u201d.  If you want to enable these extensions, open Security &amp; Privacy System Preferences.</blockquote>Why do I have to enable an extension? Is this new in High Sierra? 
Can't find any solution or product that'll add one more USB-C port to MacBook Pro13 Macbook 13 Pro. Two USB-C ports onlyone used for charging one used to connect to a monitorI need another one for a USB-C to ethernet adapterIs there a USB-C hub anywhere in existence? I can't find anything on Amazon to my amazement. I need 3 USB-C ports on my MBP. 
Family Sharing iPhone - Unique Question about purchases I want to know if someone in my family share group still has an app downloaded on their phone. Is there a way to tell if they have deleted the app from their device?  I know all about hiding apps and how they cannot be deleted and all that. I get all that.  For example, I know about an app I told my kid he cannot use.  Well, its always going to show up on his downloaded list - but is there a way to see if he has put it back on his phone or not via family sharing.   (kid has adult privileges in family sharing, he is a teenager and I don't use any of the other parental controls nor do I want to)
How can I tell if my iPad is 32 or 64-bit? How can I tell if my iPad is 32 or 64-bit? I use iOS 9.3.5.I don't want to have to look at the back of my iPad (the iPad is badly scratched, I can't read anything on it, e.g. I cannot read the model number). I also don't know anything about the iPad (e.g., I don't know which yet it was purchased). The only information I have access to is whatever the programs installed on the iOS are telling me.
What is Visual Studio Code? Is it an efficient tool for Swift Development? Scrolling to the #Linkedin feeds I have come across the term #VSCode. Please, anybody, explain the pure purpose of the tool or it's really trending in development <blockquote>  Visual Studio Code combines the simplicity of a source code editor with powerful developer tooling, like IntelliSense code completion and debugging.</blockquote>I have a doubt it's a code once and export to multiple platforms like a tool.
Why does iOS 11.3.1 insist on reinstalling its defaults apps Since yesterday, my iOS 11.3.1 (on an iPhone SE) is in a strange, beforehand unseen state whereby most of its default apps apparently  have become uninstalled somehow (for instance, Maps and Videos are marked with the Cloud-like download item) and iOS proceeds with downloading them from somewhere (hopefully/presumably Apple) anew when I click on their icons (has e.g. happened with Notes and Podcast so far.)I am wondering: Is this a known phenomenon? For what reason does iOS enter into such a state?
How do I get a freeze frame from a Quicktime movie? I'm trying to take a screenshot of a part of a video in Quicktime 10.4.Any idea how to do that?  
Is there a way to define a box around an equation in Pages using Latex? I want to draw a box around formulae I am inserting into a page in Pages using latex. Pages will not accept formulae inside text boxes and this would be a lame method anyway.
How to install Linux on a macbook? How do I install Ubuntu from DVD?it's a 13 inch macbook, late 2008.  Intel core duo, 2GB RAM.
Terminal command to record audio through macbook microphone? Is there a command we can use via terminal to start recording audio through my macbook microphone?
Extract wallpapers from macOS installation CDs or disk images without installation Is there a way to extract wallpapers from macOS installation CD without performing installation itself?Yes, I understand 7zip can unzip dmg file as a simple archive. But what next? I don't see any wallpapers after unzipping.My ultimate aim is to get the original unaltered desktop background pictures included with Mac OS X versions 10.4, 10.5, 10.6, 10.7, 10.8 and 10.9.
How do I change focal distance in iPhone SE When I try to take a photo through  window screen, the plane of focus is the window screen rather than the things outside.  Is there any way to forcibly change the focal distance when every part of the field of view is covered by the window screen?  I want a close-up shot, of the thing outside, so stepping back from the window screen is not ideal.I am using an iPhone SE. On an \"old\" style camera, I would adjust the lense to change the focal distance.
I would like to fax from my Mac running High Sierra I need to fax a couple of pages from my Mac. My printer doesn't seem to support faxing. I found one online site that will fax from a mac but they wanted a monthly subscription starting at $12.95 a month. Is there another way to fax without going somewhere that will fax for me? 
Downloading old macOS from a newer Mac to install on an external hard drive I have an older MacBook Pro that had some HDD issues.  Now the Mac doesn't have a working OS and I need to install MacOS.  The newest version that it can use is Mac OS Mountain Lion.  So I borrowed a friends new MacBook, logged into the Mac App Store with my Apple ID, and the bought it.  But now I can't download it because when I click download, it says this version of MacOS is not compatiable with the newer MacBook.Which is fine, but I'm not trying to install it on the new Mac, I just want to copy the install over to an external hard drive so that I can then use it to install macOS on the older mac.Any ideas?
How can I type in half-width number in Japanese Kana keyboard? I want to type in numbers on Japanese Kana input keyboard, but it needs alt key to type in numbers. For example, to type in 3, you must type in Alt + 3.However, this 3 is full-width, and it even does not go into the conversion list mode. So I found that it is not possible to type in the numbers in half-width.Is this possible in Japanese Kana keyboard?
iMac with a dead internal drive being used as a second monitor - booting and power efficiency I have an old 2012 iMac12,2 which had a fatal hard drive crash in early 2018 and has been running via booting from an external hard drive.I have connected the 2012 Model to a new 2017 iMac18,3 via a Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) to Thunderbolt 2 Adapter and a Thunderbolt 2 2M cable.Using \"Target Display Mode\" (Pressing CommandF2 ) I am using the 2012 iMac as a second monitor for the 2018 iMac.My question is 3-part: What is the best way to ensure that the 2012 iMac is running at lowest power usage and optimal efficiency while in Target Display Mode? I feel like the processor is working in the background, even though it is just being used as a monitor.When it turns on, it automatically tries to boot off the dead internal hard drive, which makes the computer crash. To avoid this, I have to hold \"Alt\" when it boots to be able to select the External USB drive (Which I already have loaded and set up with OSX). Is there any way to get it to automatically select the external hard drive to boot from?Once it is booted, is there a way to get it to automatically enter target display mode when it is booted?
Adding an Apple TV to the Home app in tvOS 11.4 tvOS updated yesterday to 11.4 on my Apple TVs, and on startup asked what room each Apple TVs is in. However, it didn't show the list of rooms I have defined in my Home app. It showed a generic list of room names. I selected one, expecting that I could access it and change its name in the Home app, but now the Apple TV is in limbo somewhere and not accessible to the Home app. And there doesn't appear to be any user interface in tvOS to bring that room selection back up.How can I regain control of my Apple TVs in the Home app?Addendum: here's a pattern (perhaps) that I hadn't noticed before: My Apple TV 4s did show the correct room list and allowed proper linking. The Apple TV 4Ks did not, and those are the subject of this post. They do show as Home Hubs in the iOS Home app, show up as Airplay destinations, and have all other indications that they should work.Addendum #2: I factory reset one of the misbehaving Apple TV 4Ks and it allowed proper room selection. It also has a room selection menu in the Airplay settings. The misbehaving Apple TV 4K does not have that menu choice in Airplay to get to any Room settings, so I'll probably factory reset it too. I suspect a bug at this point, but it's not clear why it triggered for some Apple TVs but not others.Addendum #3: Factory reset of the remaining unit corrected the problem. Why this happened to multiple 4K units and not to any Apple TV 4s is a mystery.
MacBook Air won't power on My MacBook Air won't turn on. I plugged in the charger and it says it's charging. When I turn it on, the light instantly turns green for a few seconds, and then it goes to amber.What's going on?I also had an error before, when it was alive: the dreaded frozen bluetooth keyboard assistant error. I didn't make that one go away but I'm not sure if it relates to this issue.
Add a watermark to a PDF without installing new software Can I add a watermark to a PDF without installing additional software?Ideally, I'd like to do it using a shell script or something but appreciate manual processes at this time too.
USB-C to Displayport cable or adapter I'm using MacBook pro 2017 15 inch and i just got 3x DELL U2518D UltraSharp monitors to connect to my macbook pro.What I actually need is best possible solution to connect this external monitors to my macbook pro. Should i use USB-C to DisplayPort adapter or should i go with USB-C to DisplayPort Cable? What is difference? Is cable better? Or adapter?
What geographic location is shown in the macOS High Sierra default desktop image? Looks like Convict Lake, just off US395 in Mono County...but I'm guessing. Does anyone know where the fall mountain scene with the lake was photographed?
MacBook Pro doesn't re-connect to Wi-Fi, iPhone does I have been wondering for long (and being troubled by this too), that why don't MacBook (like most other laptops), don't connect automatically to the available Wi-Fi like iPhone (and most other phones) do.E.g. if my Wi-Fi router goes off for 1-2 minutes, both iPhone and MacBook Pro disconnect from it (obviously), however when the network is back, after a few seconds, iPhone is back on network, while MacBook isn't (even after long!).So I want to know why is it so? And more importantly, how to change that behaviour and make it auto-connect?
What's the purpose of directory /private/var/db/receipts? I searched and found several steps to remove the redundant files. Then I found in /private/var/db/receipts there are many config like files, Anyone know the purpose if this directory? 
See upload and download speeds of each process Is there a way I can see the internet bandwidth being used by each process on my MacBook?
macOS High Sierra: Where is the Secure Empty Trash option? There used to be an option to delete files securely in older versions of Mac OS X. However, I am unable to find the same in macOS High Sierra 10.13.5.Is the option removed? If yes, what's the probable reason? As I understand, the command was useful to ensure that data could no longer be recovered from the hard drive.I am using a Late 2013 15\" retina MacBook Pro.
Are there adapters for MiniDisplay port screens to HDMI video cards I am wondering if I can connect an Apple Cinema Display with a MiniDisplay port to an HDMI video card.
Problems copying content in Safari Developer Mode When using Safari Developer Mode, I've encountered two oddities:\"Search\" tab: Enter a search, click search result (left), then mark text in source viewer (middle), then click Ctrl+C (or right-click and select Copy). Result : Entire source is copied.\"Elements\" tab: Highlight link: Right-click and select \"Copy Link Address\". Result: Nothing is copied.Am I using it wrong, or are these in fact bugs in Safari?
iPhone: Block One Website & Only One Website I need a way to block one website on my iPhone while leaving \"adult content\" available.I'm very familiar with the block adult content restriction on the iPhone, but the amount of sites this feature blocks is ridiculous. It blocks anything that mentions men's/women's health and even websites crucial to my university's student life. (And no, I can't just white-list them because they all have different domain trees &amp; it blocks the brief login page that occurs before I complete said login).I've also looked at apps such as Zero Willpower, but these seem to only work with safari. (I use chrome).Is there any way to allow access to all websites and only block one? (Perhaps a way to white-list all websites under the \"adult content\" banner and then blacklist the target site).
What was the link to the iOS App Store story on selected apps from WWDC18 Scholars? I recall that there was an App Store story on selected apps from WWDC18 scholars, but I forgot to save the link before the App Store updated. Does any one still have the link to that story, and would be willing to share it here? Thanks!
How to replace the currently selected text in Applescript? How does Devontechnologies WordServices' do it? Devontechnologies offers a collection of services that let's the user perform some common tasks on text (upper case, lower case, ROT13 and so on). They do it without (as far as I can tell at least) using the clipboard (pbpaste/pbcopy).I have googled a lot about this but the only solutions I have found are based on pbcopy/pbpaste and I want to avoid that. Any suggestions?I am creating my own service similar to Devon's WordServices that takes an editable piece of text, manipulates it and finally replaces the original text.
Is there anyway to prevent backups from saving iMessage videos I send? Is there any way to prevent iOS backups from saving iMessage videos I send as part of a conversation?I'd like to still backup all iMessage text, other iMessage content, and videos received, just not videos I send. I'm willing to use iTunes or any other software to do backups.Why the heck would that be useful?I send video clips all the time via iMessage and they account for roughly 99% of the back up space I use in iCloud storage. Yes backups are a good thing. The problem is many people, including me already use services to back up their videos like Google photos or something else.  So you effectively pay twice for the very large space taken by all iMessage videos. This is a relatively new problem, I'm guessing for many users, when iOS started offering the new (and sane) option to keep iMessages synced across devices.Photos have the same problem, just to a smaller degree because they're orders of magnitude smaller.Why not turn off backup of just iMessage content using options available?Potentially years of conversations with friends/family, I think of as a small part of a life archive. Maybe 20 years from now, to read some insignificant exchange with a no longer living relative, I think is a cool option for the future. Time will tell if it actually ever has any value.Why not just continue backing up videos elsewhere and then before a backup, delete them before starting a backup?To start, I'm not sure it's possible for end users to specifically access and delete only videos that are attached as part of iMessage conversations. However even if it were, you might imagine how this creates a new manual process to worry about or a more complex process.Environment?iPhones and iPads. I try to ensure I waste enough money so all hardware is relatively current. Normally use latest iOS versions. Willing to use developer betas if it offered a new option for this.
Can i restore a back up of the user folder to a fresh install without issues? Can i restore a back up of the user folder to a fresh install without issues?I created the back up with the disk utility toolI am fresh installing an iMac late 2015 because it's very slow.I have backed up the /users/ folder and the /library/ folder.I have a second question:Is this a good way to handle this? Or is there any better way?Would i be able to restore the users folder with time machine without bringing other applications etc?
How do restore an iOS 12 beta backup to a new iPhone running iOS 11? I have an iPhone 7+ that is running iOS 12 beta. I got a new iPhone X and I want to have it mirror the 7+ by restoring the X from the backup. When I try to do this process, it seems that the X gets the OS wiped and restored to iOS 11, there it is not possible to restore the iOS 12 backup. Is there another way of doing this? Or a workaround? Help! Thanks.
How to use Mac Keyboard, on iPhone, with lightning cord? I am looking for a way to type on the Mac keyboard and have it type on an iPhone. I know there are many bluetooth Apps to do this, but I am using a typing script and bluetooth does not transmit the keys fast enough, hence why I would like a way to do this with a lightning cord.Shouldn't really matter but I am on:macOS High Sierra &amp; iOS 11
Install OS on iMac with blank hard drive Is is possible to get a late 2010 iMac with a blank/new hard drive up and running with the latest OS and XCode?  All the answers I've seen involve duplicating or restoring an existing OS.  Is there a way to do it from scratch?  
Control + W shortcut not working in Finder and Terminal I set CtrlW as a shortcut for all applications in the System Preferences => Keyboard => Shortcuts.They are working in many apps (like Safari), but not in Terminal and in Finder.Is CtrlW a system shortcut?I shouldn't have conflicts with other shortcuts with the same combination of keys, the yellow warning triangle is not shown.
How to determine the cause of MacBook battery not charging? I see that the question \"why is my MacBook not charging?\" gets asked a lot. The problem is, there are multiple reasons. Possible points of failure are: charger, cable, magsafe connector, DC input board, logic board, battery. (Have I missed any?).What is the best sequence for the user diagnose the location of the problem?By way of example, here are the first steps that I usually try:Make sure the charger is working. Either use your charger on a different Mac, or test a spare charger with your Mac. Check the connection. There might be gunk in your port that's stopping the connector from lying flat.Try resetting the SMC and PRAM.If the computer boots, run Coconut Battery to determine battery status.This is where I get a bit stuck. For example, I have a machine here that boots fine when plugged in, but not from battery. Disconnecting the MagSafe causes the machine to switch off. Sounds like it's a dead battery, except that Coconut reports the battery as detected, in good condition, but not charging. What steps should I take next? Specifically, I'm asking for a generic algorithm to help determine the source of the fault (preferably without swapping out lots of components one by one)?
How to use Notification Center widgets on Desktop? Many times when I am working, I reference stuff from Notification center, (calculator, stocks, calendar, 3rd party, etc.). But as soon as I click on anything outside of notification center, Notification Center disappears. Is there anyway to get the widgets on the Desktop. Even better would be a window where I could movie it around.Specs:macOS High Sierra
Automator to get PDF Annotations and export to Excel I'm trying to make a macOS service using Automator to extract PDF annotations and get the information into an Excel file.I can successfully get the annotations from a PDF, and export them to a text file. But if I try to parse the same information to a new Excel file, all the information is pasted into a single cell.What would be the correct steps in Automator, to have each text line in separated Excel rows?
MBP connects to WiFi but not to internet This happens periodically, but I still don\u2019t know why....very frustrating.2011 MacBook Pro, High Sierra 10.13.5. 10 other devices in the house using WiFi no problem, between Galaxy S9, 3 iPads, an HP laptop and numerous smart TVs.... this has happened at home as well as on the road and I know that it is my MBP, but usually I manage to fix it- not this time. Have reset both SMC and PRAM. Have deleted WiFi service and re-added it. Have manually entered IPv4 addresses and DNS servers. Probably did some other things that I don\u2019t remember anymore... Restarted numerous times. Don\u2019t know what to do anymore... usually it comes back by now, but no such luck. What else can I try?  I have even been in Terminal running some commands to try to clear my caches etc...When I ping a DNS server in Terminal like Google\u2019s, 8.8.8.8, I get responses, but I have to manually set my IPv4 address and subnet mask to 255.255.255.0. When everything is configured like normal, i.e. IPv4 using DHCP and IPv6 configured automatically, I do not have a self-assigned IP address, but it does show me having an IPv6 address, which is weird and don\u2019t recall seeing that before, usually it is an IPv4 address. When I get my IP address in terminal, it is not a class C, starting in 192, but rather a class B starting with 169 and the subnet mask is then 255.255.0.0, which I never see.  I also cannot boot into Safe mode for some reason. When i get to the logo screen and the progress bar underneath, the progress bar gets halfway and then the screen goes dark and it powers off. I can boot into recovery mode and if I use the Get Help Online section and open Safari, I GET ON THE INTERNET JUST FINE.... so what the heck gives?? Doesn\u2019t make any sense... Please help...Thank you!
Is it possible to wake a machine from ARD? Is it possible to wake a machine from ARD ? I have issues sometimes connecting to machines if they are in sleepmode and sometimes have to walk over to the machines and manually take them out of sleep mode before i can connect with ARD ? 
My keyboard on MacBook got stuck - do Apple Stores fix it without Apple Care? The delete key on my MacBook (mid-2017 12' model) seems to have got stuck and often it won't respond to my pushing on the key. So I temporarily swapped the delete key for the backslash but I rather want to fix it. But I find it is incredibly hard to fix it on my own, so I consider bringing it to the Apple Store.But my MacBook is neither covered by the Apple Care program nor was purchased in a country where I'm in now. Is it possible to fix it up at the Apple Store and does the fix of the stuck keyboard get me charged (if so, approximately how much)? 
I do not have a iPod. I keep seeing iTunesHelper set to automatically launch I do not have a iPod. I keep seeing iTunesHelper set to automatically launch. This is some of what I see in Console. ( I dont want to share or use remote anything. \"processName\":\"iTunesHelper\",\"uptime\":7999},\"name\":\"comappleosanalyticsappUsage\",\"uuid
Apple Mail on iOS 11.4.1 completely broken I'm trying to connect to my Gmail from Mail but it says cannot get mail imap.gmail.com I cannot access any settings to change this from the app or the Settings app.
Find EXACT app in App Store I just got an AT&amp;T SIM and was looking for an app to manage the account.A search came up with myAT&amp;T but when I try to search the App Store on the phone I get dozens of irrelevant apps, but NOT what I was looking for.How can I find EXACT app in App StoreEDIT I searched in Safari (on the phone with the AT&amp;T SIM), and clicked the link in the answer, but the result says \"This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices\"I am in the US - connected to AT&amp;T, running iOS 10.3.3 (the latest for the iPhone5C)I can launch the App Store app, but there is no download link, and it states \"This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices\".On my iPad I get an error \"The item you've requested is not currently available in the Australian Store\" - so I guess my problem then becomes how to use the US Store.
What does loving a playlist (not a song/album) do? In iTunes (in Windows), it is possible to right-click a music playlist and select \"Love\". What does this do? What effect does it have? (Thankfully, it doesn't mark all the tracks in the playlist as Loved.)
Keychain Won't Remember Router Administrative Password macOS High Sierra, Safari 11.1.2, MacBook Air mid-2013, Netgear R6400 wifi router. All the software on the computer and router is up to date. Both the Mac and Safari work without difficulty.The network works fine, the computer connects easily (either via wifi or Ethernet), and except for this one issue I can access the router's administrative web pages and change its settings without difficulty. The issue is...Keychain won't remember the router's administrative password. The router's administrative login page has a box to check to \"Remember this password,\" which I dutifully check. The password is remembered for a few minutes only, then I have to manually enter it again. It's a complicated password, and I'd be happy if Keychain remembered it, as it does for every other password I use.I've quit and restarted Safari, deleted the Keychain entry for the router (and all other 192.xxx.x.x URLs, there weren't many), deleted Safari\u2019s cache and cookies related to this URL, quit and restarted Keychain, restored the router .cfg file from backup, and restarted the computer in Safe Mode followed by deleting the Keychain entry again. The forgetfulness continues. Any idea why this is happening? Anything else I might try to fix it?
Link to a note in Apple Notes, from another note In Apple Notes on the Mac, is it possible to reference a note from within another note (by way of hyperlink)?So, for example, if I had two notes:<blockquote>  Thoughts about pastries    Pastries are great. Truly wonderful treats. But you know what my favorite types of pastries are? Donuts. I've even made a list of the types of [donuts I've eaten].</blockquote>and<blockquote>  Donuts I've Eaten    Chocolate, Glazed, Frosted, Encrusted\u2026</blockquote>How could I link the text [donuts I've eaten] from the first note to the second note?
MacBook Pro (Mid 2014) 4k external displays performance I was using my MacBook pro for years with two external full HD displays without a problem. Recently I switched to two 4K displays and since then fans in my MacBook spin all the time when when hooked up to external screens. I see that WindowServer spins at 20-30% CPU most of the time even if I do some basic activities.Is this something expected or is it fixable and how?I'm on High Sierra 10.13.6 with 16 GB ram, i7 and GeForce 750M with 2GB ram.When I tried to watch some 4K youtube video I experienced stutter and overall poor playback quality. The same video in Full HD runs smooth.[Edit]I tried the same on Mid 2015 MacBook Pro equipped only with Intel Iris and it has no problem supporting 2 external 4k screens. Does one year in those models makes such a big difference? Or there is something wrong with mine?
Remove (or throttle) fan on eMac I'm replacing the HDD  with a SSD on an eMac (1 GHz). I get a headache from the  loud fan noise. A friend who does hardware repairs said the fan is there mainly because of the HDD, so I should then be able to disconnect the fan. Can someone with knowledge and experience with this confirm?If the machine will fail without the fan, we plan to throttle the fan, ie. adjust its supplied power based on the measured temperature in the cabinet. Please share any knowledge/experience with this.
How to handle stuck updates? I've got a (current other than this latest update - edit macOS High Sierra 10.13.6 Update) OS X which has stopped updating.  It lists the update, goes through the install, says to reboot.  However, after rebooting the same update is in the list.  Looking at the history it has \"installed\" probably a dozen times now...  Obviously it's not working, but whatever is failing is happening silently.  No error messages.  Looking for debugging suggestions if not outright solutions such as \"yeah that latest update is just bad\".  :-)
USB ports not working, no paired magic keyboard, \"no bootable device, press any key\" on an iMac 2009 Sad story. I thought it was the HDD, so I ended up asking someone to reinstall macOS on it using their Recovery, and that worked. The hard drive booted up using their 2012?ish Mac mini. However, putting it back into my iMac resulted in the ominous message I was previously getting (\" no bootable device, press any key\") .. but how do I press keys when my USB ports decided to stop working the moment this message started showing up (at the end of a massive wipe and reinstall, including wiping bootcamp as far as I recall)? Ports all seem to give power, beyond that I have no idea unfortunately. I tried 4 different USB keyboards to no avail.I lost my original magic mouse and keyboard during a move, I bought a new keyboard to see if that can solve my problem but so far, nada. Any clue on how to pair these bad boys right at boot?What's my next move guys? I'm at a loss and I'm sitting on a very expensive brick in a country with no Apple Stores, tearing my hair out.
What are the tools and/or advantages of developing your app with a Apple Developer Program account? Should I get an Apple Developer program account to develop my application or can I do it without it and then submit it obviously through an Apple Developer Progam?
Scrolling doesn't work in Terminal for commands like less I used to be able to scroll using the trackpad through git diff or man pages which both use less when the output doesn't fit on screen. Today I restarted my computer and that behaviour is gone and I can no longer scroll down and if I scroll up it scrolls the terminal scrollbar showing previous commands. However in vim scrolling still works as expected.The first thing I checked is the \"Scroll alternate screen\" Terminal setting and it is checked as expected. I also tried with iTerm2 and have the same issue even with the \"Scroll wheel sends arrow keys when in alternate screen mode\" setting enabled.My default shell is zsh so I tried with bash and then sh. Both have the same behaviour and I can't scroll through the output.Because scrolling still works with some commands like vim it seems like the issue might be that less is no longer recognized as an \"alternate screen\" but I have no idea why. Updating to the latest less version available on brew did not help. 
iTunes only plays first part of song I downloaded an album from iTunes Store on my MacBook (macOS 10.13.6).One of the songs, only the first 17 seconds play. Then it jumps to the next song.The total time of the song is displayed correctly (4:06).When I navigate to ~/Music/iTunes/iTunes Media/Music and find the album, the m4a file that the song is stored in does the same thing:QuickTime shows it's 4:06 long, but only plays the first 17 seconds then freezes. Trying to skip with the scrubber past 0:17 in QuickTime causes the song to be unplayable, unless I put it back before 0:17.How can I fix this? I want iTunes to play the whole song.
MacBook Pro and air logic boards interchange? Can I interchange my logic boards from MacBook Pro  a1502 to a MacBook Air a 1466?
Fine-tuning \"Open safe files after downloading\" Is it possible to fine-tune the \"Open safe files after downloading\" setting in Safari? For example, to make Safari open files like \".ical\" et. al., but not Zip-files.If macOS has no built-in support for this, could a solution be a UNIX script daemon that instantly detects new files in the Downloads directory and opens files with certain extensions?
How can a Mac split a single backup to two independent, external drives I have been asked to perform an emergency backup of a device showing signs of HDD failure. I'm being provided with two individual external hard drives to accomplish this. Each drive is independently too small for the job, but together their space is sufficient. I can format them however I want and do anything I want with them.Can Time Machine perform a single backup that is split across two devices, simply writing to one device until it runs out of space and then writing to the second? If not, can I create a RAID 0 array out of two independent external drives? What would recovery look like if I had to restore such a backup from scratch to a new HDD?
Can I share network access from Ethernet over WiFi? I have 3 devices:A Linux serverA MacBookAn iPadI currently have no router. But, the Linux server and MacBook are connected by Ethernet through a switch. The MacBook and iPad are connected by Wi-Fi,  the Wi-Fi network is created by the MacBook.The MacBook is able to connect to Linux just fine, through ssh and view webpages hosted on the Linux server. The iPad is able to view pages hosted on the MacBook but is unable to connect to the Linux server. It appears that the MacBook keeps the two networks separate. I tried using the internet sharing feature on the MacBook. Sharing Ethernet to devices through Wi-Fi, but it doesn't help because it's not the Internet I want to share it's a local network.Is there a way to have my MacBook share its Ethernet connection over WiFi so that the iPad can load pages hosted on the Linux server?
iTunes attempts to mount SMB share using old SMB server name mac OS High Sierra 10.13.6 (17G65) and iTunes 12.8.0.150I have a bunch of MP3 files on my SMB share (a Linux home server). The SMB server used to be named \"sega-SMB\" and I renamed it to just \"sega\".The problem with iTunes is that if I don't connect to the \"sega\" SMB server and mount the share (its name never changed) in Finder before attempting to start playing any song that is on this \"sega\" SMB server, iTunes attempts to connect to the old \"sega-SMB\" name. It errors out saying that it can't connect to the server. It is not lying. The \"sega-SMB\" server is not on the network anymore. There's only \"sega\" now.So, iTunes somehow cached the old SMB server name. If I first connect to the SMB server and mount the share via Finder and then try to play a song in iTunes, it has no problem figuring out the path to an MP3 file. Basically, if I just logged in and started iTunes and want to play music it attempts to connect to my SMB server using old name that is no longer valid. If I connect via Finder and mount the share, iTunes has no problem playing the music.I was wondering if there's a way to delete this cached record somehow, somewhere. I've been searching for a solution on Google but haven't been able to find anything yet.I tried clearing all recent connections in \"Connect to Server\" dialog. I also tried deleting obsolete keychain entries. None of that helped.
How to open a URL with Terminal through applescript by using mpg123? I need to use mac terminal to open an audio stream from a URL through an applescript. I know that mac terminal is already equipped with afplay, but that only plays a file which is available on your computer. An alternative is mpg123 which can be installed in mac by means of brew. My question is how I can use this command in an apple script.
CPU speed of the Macbook Pro Retina downclocked I've a MacBook Pro 15\" late 2013. For a long time I have encoded videos with handbrake and the CPU was very hot for hours. The clock speed was about 2.8GHz (I have the 2.3GHz model) and the temperature was over 95\u00b0C. In one of the last updates of High Sierra I think there was some modification such that now the CPU speed while encoding a video is about 1.8GHz and the temperature is always lower than 80\u00b0C. What can I do? I've lost about the 35% of the power of my mac....
What is an OEM SSD for Macbook Pro I have a Macbook Pro 13\" Retina Display (Early 2015). I only have 128 GB of storage. I'm thinking of upgrading it. I've seen a lot of articles about purchasing OWC or Trascend's drives; however, I have not seen any article about purchasing OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) drives. I found some on eBay -- they are just a lot more expensive!Is there something I'm missing? Do people not recommend them because of price, or because they are not really original? If I buy one of these drives, can I hook them up to my MacBook just like I would a Trascend or OWC Aura drives?
How does Apple achieve the all aluminium enclosure with RF on the MacBook Pro? Since 2016, Apple has been able to make these laptops with no visible \u201cwindow\u201d of plastic or glass for RF signals to travel through. As an electrical engineer, I\u2019m intrigued. If you look at older MacBook pros, they have a black plastic hinge. For the Pixel chrome book, it\u2019s got a whole glass half of the lid for that. My guess was the hinge or the glass screen, but neither would work when the lid is closed, and you can very much use your MBP while the lid is fully closed with WiFi and Bluetooth (think when you have external displays). How does Bluetooth and WiFi work on the 2018 MacBook Pro models?
How to work with 2 Applications folders? I have an internal 250 GB SSD. this drive was filling up and I bought an external 4 TB external hard drive. My Applications folder on my SSD was taking up a lot of space so I decided to create an Applications folder on my external drive. I copied many of the apps from the internal drive Applications folder to the external drive Applications folder. Now however I realize the ramifications of having 2 Applications folders. The Applications folder on my internal drive is special in the sense that it can't be renamed or removed, and when downloads ask to be moved to the Applications folder it refers to the Application folder on my internal drive. So my question is - what would be the best way to move my applications to a folder on my external drive but have that folder behave like the Applications folder on my internal drive? Many of the applications didn't copy because they were in use. Do I have to quit all my startup items to accomplish this?
Does a ThunderBolt cable increase resolution on a monitor or just frame rate? I'm curious what does having a ThunderBolt display over others mean?
After installing High Sierra, preferences do not stick: PhotoShop images default to open in Preview Since I \"upgraded\" to High Sierra, the text program (Tex-Edit Plus, v14.10.4) always reverts to the default preferences of opening two windows I do not want open: \"Enable Quartz anti-aliased text at startup\" and \"Enable TSM (Text Services Manager) at startup\" windows. The DOC preferences open text at 10 points, and in the Save preferences not including the .txt extension when saving files. I then must manually change the preferences since I use this program every day. Mac used to save my preferences; it apparently no longer does and does not explain how to fix this.Also, I am a graphic designer and Use Adobe Photoshop all the time, and when I make a screenshot of something, or even have a .psd file in layers, High Sierra now often still reverts to opening Photoshop files in Preview. The ONLY time I use Preview is if I want to reduce the file size of a created PDF file. I Get Info for the image, and when I set the default app (it shows Preview) I use the down arrow for other apps and it doesn't even show Photoshop. I have to search for it, tell it to use Photoshop, and then to do this for all similar files. On average, about 10 minutes later it STILL opens Photoshop files I am working on in Preview again.These little glitches in High Sierra make it time-consuming to do the exact same work I did before getting High Sierra. Is there any way both of these problems could be fixed so I don't spend time telling high sierra over and over again how things should work on my computer?
Searching forward through bash history You can hit ctrl-r from the command line to initiate a search for a previously issued command. You can then hit ctrl-r to cycle back through the older commands that match the search string.However, there doesn't seem to be a way to cycle forward through the commands after you've cycled backwards. ctrl-s is supposed to do this but it doesn't work for me. I've search google but have come up empty on finding an alternative.
Jetdrive 850 install on Macbook Pro 2015 I have a Macbook Pro 2015 that I bought used. When I bought it, OS 10.13 (High Sierra) was installed, but the SSD was failing. I bought a JetDrive 850 to replace it, and put the High Sierra installer on an external USB hard drive.When use the option key and choose \"Install macOS High Sierra\" from the USB drive, it takes me to the question mark folder.Edited to add: When I try to boot to internet recovery, I get an 2002F error, which apparently indicates an internet connectivity. However, my WiFi is working fine for other devices.What should I try?
How much will macOS High Sierra upgrade cost me? I have a Mac running OS X Mountain Lion 10.8.5. unfortunately I am not very good at installing new programmes on my computer, and I want to update mine to the latest release macOS High Sierra.What will it cost me if I go the the Mac shop at the Metro centre to have it installed?
How do I clean ununsed tags from Finder? I seem to have accumulated a number of tags, some of which are duplicate and which do not belong to any files. I can see these tags when I open All Tags. These I assume were set for some files, which were then deleted.How do I clean up the Finder so that only the current tags are present?
How to automate deleting what's inside the search box in the Dictionary app after 3/5 seconds? I use the Dictionary app many times when I'm reading a very old novel, and sometimes I write two words side by side without realising it (until I get no result), with that said, I need to tweak the Dictionary app so that it'd delete the word I've searched for after, say, 5 seconds of writing that word in the search box. Is it possible to do something like this?Sorry for being verbose.Huge thanks in advance.
How to detect when a process starts up on macOS? What I'm trying to do is: kill a process when it starts up. So I would like to find out that how to detect when a process starts up? Or how to block a process or an application from starting up?Any suggestions would be appreciated?
Use an old iPhone 6 just for audiobooks - Cannot transfer file from iTunes to iPhone I have an iPhone 6 that I want to use for one purpose: listen to audiobooks. When I connect the iPhone to iTunes on my PC, I can see the iPhone. But when I try to drag-and-drop an audiobook onto the phone, nothing happens (not even a \"prohibited\") warning.The iTunes version is current (12.8). iTunes is set for manual synching. The iPhone has enough space for an audiobook or books.The iPhone does not have a SIM card.What can I do to transfer an audiobook file to the iPhone?
Mac Pro 3.1 for Xcode, coding or programming? Could this machine support a more recent macOS and would that be necessary for development work?I have a chance to buy a Mac Pro 3.1 (2008):Intel Xeon Dual Quad-Core 2.8Ghz (8 cores total)12GB RAMDual GPUs. ATI Radeon HD5770 1GB VRAM (1x HDMI, 1x DisplayPort, 2x DVI), and HD2800 XT (2x DVI)Dual CD/DVD Optical Drives1TB Storage over two HDD drives2x Firewire 800, 2x Firewire 400, 2x 1 Gigabit Ethernet, 5x USB 2.0, Audio Toslink In/Out, Headphone &amp; Speaker outRunning OS X Yosemite but can be upgraded.I am beginner to coding but keen to get started.Any comments on how this machine may cope (or not) with any programming tasks (mostly Xcode) are appreciated.
Configuring Siri to tell me the things I want to know in the morning Is there a way for me to configure my MacBook or iPhone so that Siri will tell me my schedule for the day and other relevant information I want to know (like what the weather will be for the day) without having to ask multiple questions?Ideally, I could just say \"Siri, tell me the plan for the day\" and she would respond with something like \"You have a meeting from 2-3 and 4-4:15. It is going to be rainy today with highs in the upper 70s.\"
Wallpaper lock after mac restarting I recently restarted my mac and after login i am locked in a wallpaper.This is a picture after i logged in.If you know how i can make it work again you would save me !
What is the purpose of an AAE file? First, some background:For those of you who edit photos using Apple software, you may have encountered AAE sidecar files, which are generated automatically by the Photos app (for iOS or macOS) when you export an edited image. These sidecars contain the data representing the edits made to the original image, such as crops or recoloring. Following an export, these AAE sidecar files will usually be located in the same directory as the original, exported image/JPEG file.Theoretically, edits made to an image using the Photos app (on iOS or macOS) are \"non-destructive,\" meaning that you can always revert to the original image anytime after editing.Now, the problem:For the life of me, I cannot understand if these AAE files are actually good for anything once they exist. If you try to import an original image file and its AAE into the Photos app, you only see the original image. The edits don't seem to transfer. Likewise, advice from Apple and user forums regarding the transfer of edited photos suggest that you use iMessage, AirDrop, or other methods to copy the edited image itself to the new destination. This process, however, defeats the idea of non-destructive edits since it will prevent you from ever reverting to the original image.Finally, the question:Does the AAE sidecar file serve any purpose? If so, what does it actually offer a user or program once it exists? Can we do anything with it?
Can't add custom keyboard layout in System preferences I've created the custom keyboard layout using Ukelele and save an obtained bundle to /Library/Keyboard Layouts folder.Unfortunately, when I try to add any new layout in System Preferences app (having something in \"Keyboard Layouts\" folder), it just crashes. Has anyone encountered this issue?P.S. macOS 10.13.6
Browsers Power Consumption Why do the Browsers like Firefox and Chrome on OSX consume more and more power over time.If reset and reopen same pages they power consumption is way less, but again it will grow over time.My question is why the power consumption goes up over time, and it is back down after restarting browser while opening same pages ?
Boot Camp keeps booting to Ubuntu instead of Windows I have a macos and Windows 10 already installed.  I went ahead and installed ubuntu via EFI, and I think I really messed something up.Every time I boot and select Windows it goes to the purple Ubuntu boot manager. I really need access to Windows, as it has my work files on there.  Is there a way I can go back to having boot camp launch windows instead of Ubuntu?I can access Ubuntu, however.
Keep low power mode on all the time I would like Low Power Mode to be the default state of my device.When I get to 80% battery it toggles itself off automatically.How can I stop it turning itself off?How can I always keep my phone in low power mode (or some other equivalent)? 
MBP trackpad not working, but Apple (store) got it to work during reinstallation of macOS MacBook Pro (Retina, 13-inch, Mid 2014, macOS Sierra 10.12.6). My built-in trackpad can click (sometimes) but not point, scroll, zoom, or perform gestures, so I have to use a USB Logitech mouse.  I took it to Apple and after they checked some settings they were not able to get it to work. I decided to have them erase everything and reinstall macOS. During the process of them installing the OS again the Apple guy was able to use my trackpad just fine! I said Oh you fixed it. Then after it was installed it did not work again! So it must not be that it is broken inside. I asked him how can that be?? He said when it was working it was because it was being accessed through Apple's side and it must be something in the OS preventing it from working. I do not know if reinstalling the OS still keeps disk image checksums, folders or system preferences accessibility settings. What settings should I check or what Terminal commands could I use to try and get my trackpad working again?
Note Recovery Alternatives It appears that by switching iCloud accounts on my MacBook, ALL the notes stored in Notes.app have disappeared/been deleted. These notes were not synced with iCloud -- and Time Machine was disabled.I understand that there's a possibility that these notes still exist somewhere on my Mac HD.Where would I look for these notes? How can I restore them?
Can iOS apps read the location metadata when allowing access to Photos? I am just wondering if by allowing access to Photos, the application has access to read the EXIF metadata (including where the photo was taken and stuff like that).Is that possible?
Mac Pro 1,1 Ethernet not working, How do diagnose the problem I have a Mac Pro model 1,1 which used to work with Ethernet pluged into either RJ45 socket. It now does not recognize either connection.Since this could be physical or sortware, how can I further diagnose the problem?
Hide Everything For Cmd+Space Spotlight Search but Applications I am trying to use Spotlight as a way to solely launch my most used applications.A lot of them have similar names, so for me Spotlight displaying in a linear down list works much better then lets say Launchpad which displays them in something like a column/row combination.Anyways I am trying to both speed up Spotlight and prevent it from displaying false positives by hiding everything but applications.I did this by effectively unchecking everything but Applications in System Preferences \u2192 Spotlight \u2192 Search Results, and then by preventing indexing of my home folder directly.The problem is now I can't search my Mac for anything. This solved 1 issue while creating another.Is there a way to feasible make Spotlight search only applications while everything else search globally?
Hide Everything For Cmd+Space Spotlight Search but Applications I am trying to use Spotlight as a way to solely launch my most used applications.A lot of them have similar names, so for me Spotlight displaying in a linear down list works much better then lets say Launchpad which displays them in something like a column/row combination.Anyways I am trying to both speed up Spotlight and prevent it from displaying false positives by hiding everything but applications.I did this by effectively unchecking everything but Applications in System Preferences \u2192 Spotlight \u2192 Search Results, and then by preventing indexing of my home folder directly.The problem is now I can't search my Mac for anything. This solved 1 issue while creating another.Is there a way to feasible make Spotlight search only applications while everything else search globally?
Make Ctrl-k in Terminal copy to the system clipboard I'd like whatever I last \"cut\" with Ctrl-k in Terminal to be available in my text editor when I hit Cmd-v. Is that possible? Or something close?Update with additional explanation: Ctrl-k is by default in Terminal \"delete to end of line\". As well as deleting it puts the deleted text into the Terminal's clipboard (emacs \"kill ring\") and it can be retrieved with Ctrl-y. This is essentially a second clipboard separate from the system clipboard. I want to use the same clipboard for Terminal and for the rest of the system such as my text editor.
Using optical drive for boot I have an old MBP that refuses to see the HD in its normal slot , but I can boot from an HD in the optical drive slot using OSX 10.6.8. So far so good and it runs quite fast enough for my use , but if I put it to sleep it won't wake up. It won't respond to the power button either on a press or a hold. I have to power off and remove the battery to start it up again, and then it starts, switches itself off and then starts again and chimes. I have tried replacing the hall effect sensor for the sleep switch but the result is the same. One guess is that the computer needs to switch on the HD first and then the rest of the system follows on and without the HD in the main slot it hangs. Anyway , anyone else experienced this or can think of a solution?
How do you copy a meeting in Outlook 2016 on Mac How do I copy a meeting in Outlook 2016 on Mac?   On PC you just use Copy/Paste.  On Mac, all the Edit commands are disabled when you select a meeting in the Outlook calendar.I spend time setting up a meeting with participants, location, attachments, categories, etc etc etc and I want to create a copy of it or a variation of it without starting from scratch.  Is this just one of those \"on our to do list\" features of Outlook on Mac?
TimeMachine/AFP extremely slow when accessing NAS over wifi we operate an 80TB QNAP NAS, both for storing bulk data as well as TimeMachine backups of our laptops. The NAS itself can sustain over 300 MByte/sec of write speeds when accessed from multiple ethernet-connected machines, and TimeMachine has decent performance (configured as AFP share).However when accessed over wifi, the performance drop is massive - it doesn't show any \"live\" speeds but leaving a laptop for 20 hours (no energy saving) and only 850MB of transferred data speaks enough. Granted, our network setup is a bit non-standard as our Cisco WLAN AP controller is at our central datacenter connected to our office via a 100/100 leased line and has to share traffic with other clients, but even under loaded conditions an SSH transfer to the NAS achieves ~5 MByte/sec.What exactly does TimeMachine do when using a network share? Is it possible that there are MTU fuck-ups somewhere along the connection, or does AFP require ultra low latency links (when over wifi, ping is 40ms)?
Find a list of installed apps that can no longer run because they have not been updated with the current operating system? The question is for both iOS and macOS. I have enough apps installed that I\u2019d like to make this info into a kind of report.
Is it worth upgrading to iOS 12 on an iPhone 5s According to the WWDC 2018 Apple Keynote, iOS 12 will bring speed improvements with respect to its predecessors.However, I was wondering whether it is worthy to upgrade an iPhone 5s to iOS 12? In particular, I am worried that iOS 12 will have an impact on the battery performance of my iPhone 5s.Has anybody tried to do that?
How do I turn hyperlinks on or off in Numbers? How do I turn hyperlinks on or off in Numbers5.2?Sometimes when I paste email or links into numbers they appear as hyperlinks other times not.I cannot seem to find any way of changing these (although Write as controls for this).It is extremely annoying when I try to copy an email address to have a new email created 
macOS High Sierra Turkish Keyboard Issue I started to use a Mac mini with Turkish keyboard. However, macOS High Sierra has only Turkish Q and Turkish Q Legacy keyboard options. If I remember correctly almost one year ago I was using a MacBook in a virtual machine and when I chose to Turkish QWERTY PC option, every key was working as I expected. This option was removed now I think. And some keys and combination of keys don't work or represent totally different charters or symbols.I tried to change my location but it didn't help me at all.How can I fix this annoying issue?
Can MacBook Pro get slower after SSD is almost full? MBP 13, 2015 with 128 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM.I have noticed, that after only some 20 GB of SSD was free my Safari browser was very slow.RAM was used 4-6 GB from 8.Is it general possible, that SSD can slow the MAC or it was some other reason?
Custom dialog box in Automator? I would like to create a service that performs a set of actions based on several parameters<br>A custom dialog box with multiple radio buttons would be a great way to capture these.<br>My experience with AppleScript so far only gives me very basic prompts<br><br>How can I use a custom dialog box in Automator?
Stop iPhone from vibrating when recording a voice message in Signal or WhatsApp Whenever I start a voice message recording in Signal or WhatsApp my iPhone SE vibrates. This vibration can be heard at the beginning of the voice message. The phone also vibrates at the end of the voice message, when I release the \"microphone\" button.Since this happens in two messengers independently, I suspect that this is a system setting. I was not able to find an option to turn this off. The phone does not vibrate when I use the built-in \"Voice Memos\" app.Neither the silent mode nor the do-not-disturb mode have an effect on the vibration.How can I stop my iPhone SE from vibrating whenever I start and stop a voice recording in a messenger?iOS 12.0 (16A366), iPhone SE (MP832DN/A)
Xcode stopped detecting SVN repository changes after installing other version controlling apps Last week I installed Source Tree and Github for Dekstop version controlling apps on my Mac, prior to that I am also accessing our companies SVN repository server to contribute on our projects. While I have not installed other apps my SVN repo changes was detectable by Xcode meaning I can push/pull and commit directly from the Xcode.But after installing those apps Xcode stopped detecting the changes and I feel lost with this. System Configurations: macOS High Sierra 10.13.6 (17G65)Xcode Version: 10.0Any Apple Xcode's expert can help me with this?
Mojave macOS Installation Error (com.apple.DiskManagement error 69854) I tried upgrading from High Sierra to Mojave on my MacBook Pro mid-2012 Non Retina, 16GB RAM and 500GB HDD, core i7.Unfortunately I don't have a backup and I keep getting this error \"com.apple.DiskManagement error 69854\" during the installation. I can only access into Recovery.How can I solve this error and install Mojave without losing my data?
What is the best practice for a daemon application running as root that needs access to the GUI? I'm porting over a C++/Qt application from Windows. On Windows, the program runs as a service. It's discouraged from programs running as a service to also interact with the user and display GUI elements.Therefore, my program has two parts. The first part runs as a service daemon and plays audio in the background. The program starts up when the computer starts up. The second program, which starts up when any user logs in (Via Start Menu->All Users->Startup), communicates via local socket with the service daemon to display a GUI pop-up when the audio is playing.Moving over to MacOS, what is the best practice to utilize the same program?Should I merge both programs into one and run it as root via launchd and have the one daemon display GUI as well as play audio?Or should I rather keep it as two programs like it is now - root daemon playing audio and find a way that the second program can automatically execute when each user logs in?
Remotely access a friend's files over internet (natively + not screen sharing) I am trying to help a friend organize his computer remotely over the internet. Screen sharing through macOS Messages is far too laggy to be efficient. I've been searching and reading about macOS's native remote file sharing options (File Sharing, Remote Login, Remote Management, Apple Remote Desktop, etc), but I can't for the life of me figure it all out or quite understand how it all works.Is it possible to set up his computer so that I can remotely log into it from my own computer over the internet, through Finder, and organize his files for him, using a native macOS feature/protocol?We are both running the latest version of High Sierra and running MacBook Pros.EDIT: Well I've determined that the answer is no, there is no way to access my friend's files over the internet using a mounted disk in Finder, as you might over a local Wi-Fi network. The alternative is some deep Terminal usage and router set-up, which is a bit more than I can devote my time to, but I've marked it as the solution, as it does answer my question.
MacOS Mojave disappear after successful download I just download the Mojave from mac app store and after success download the Installation file disappear from Application folder and Launchpad!I do twice download it and same happened.  its not like a small file to download it, its 6 GB and I can't understand why this happens.How can I figure out what's deleting this or get a good download? 
macOS Mojave, Dictionary.app: How to install dictionaries to offline computer? Until recently (although I'm not sure how recent), macOS shipped Dictionary.app with dictionary definitions built in.As of macOS Mojave, this is no longer the case. The first time you open Dictionary.app, you are prompted to download definitions from the internet.How can I transfer a copy of these definitions to a fully offline computer? I can't seem to figure out where they are stored.A way to capture the original .pkg file from Apple's servers (assuming this is how the downloads are distributed) would also be an acceptable answer.Update 10/11/18:Per answers below, I now know that dictionaries are stored as .dictionary files in /System/Library/Assets/com_apple_MobileAsset_DictionaryServices. However, moving them to this folder on a new machine does not cause them to be recognized in Dictionary.app.Interestingly, if you open one of these .dictionary files in Dictionary.app, you get a message saying the dictionary could not be imported, because the \"folder\" format is not supported. Which begs the question, what format would be supported...
The website tomahawk-player.org maybe has an expired certificate. Should I ignore that? I have an iMac running High Sierra 10.13.6. I wanted to download the Tomahawk music player from the developer site at www.tomahawk-player.org. Safari tells me the connection is not private. It appears their certificate expired 99 days ago. This seems like a long time for that to go on without the owners of the website upgrading their certificate. I just want to know if I should ignore this warning. I'm very hesitant to go there.
Can I turn to Dark Mode only for specific apps in macOS Mojave? The new macOS Mojave Dark Mode function makes all of Apple's built-in apps get the Dark Mode treatment, that is Safari, Mail, Contacts, Calendar, Reminders, Notes, Maps, Photos, Messages, FaceTime, iTunes, Apple Books, etc.However, is it possible to selectively activate Dark Mode, i.e.,  only for a specific subset of apps? For instance, what if I want to keep Safari in Light Mode and turn Finder to Dark Mode instead? Am I somehow allowed to do that?
New macpro needs to connect with thunderbolt Getting new macpro. Have RAID external drive. I am unsure of the name of the connector but suspect it is thunderbolt not 3. I want to buy the correct connector so the data on the drive is available. Please point me in the right direction. Thanks!
Show current calendar week in menu bar? Is there a way to get macOS to display the current calendar week in the menu bar, maybe as part of the date or as an additional information elsewhere in the menu bar?
How do you type a character with its ASCII code? I need to type the form feed character 0x0C in ASCII on my Mac. Is there any way to do this? I've tried using \"Emoji and Symbols\" from the Edit menu, but it's not in there.
Activate Emoji & Symbols and Character Viewer independently Sometimes when editing text, I want to use the Emoji &amp; Symbols viewer to quickly type a symbol. Other times, I want to open the full Character Viewer window. Unfortunately, there only seems to be one keyboard shortcut to open them (Edit > Emoji &amp; Symbols, \u2303\u2318space), and it simply remembers which you used last. Changing which interface is displayed seems to require the use of a mouse to click the toggle button in the top-right of the window.How can I easily select which of them to bring up? Ideally, I would like to end up with two keyboard shortcuts, one for each interface. Third-party solutions are acceptable, but a native solution would be ideal.Possibly useful starting point: \"Show Emoji &amp; Symbols\" in the Input menu (enabled via System Preferences > Keyboard > Keyboard > Show keyboard and emoji viewers in menu bar) seems to always bring up the full Character Viewer, regardless of the last state. Activating this with a keyboard shortcut would be perfect, though I would much prefer doing so programmatically rather than via the menu GUI.
Used Air (2010) without OS - how can I get up and running? I've picked up a used 2010 Macbook Air. The previous owner seems to have wiped OS X leaving me with only the 'OS X Utilities' application available. I can't use the install option as I receive the 'This item is not available' after signing into the App Store. I've tried creating a bootable USB of 10.6 (original OS) and 10.11 (last installed OS) but either get a Kernel Panic or a stop sign respectively. I've also tried the 'Internet Recovery' option, but can't seem to access it on boot - I've heard it may not be installed.I don't have access to another Mac - only PC.I'm using TransMac for Windows to create the bootable USB. It initially appears successful at setting up the drive but when booting the errors appear.How can I set this machine up?Your help is much appreciated
Can I install macOS 10.6.8 on a mid-2011 MacBook Air? Can I install macOS 10.6.8, Snow Leopard, to a mid-2011 MacBook Air that came preloaded with macOS 10.7.0, Lion, like the MacBook Pros can?Or even a mid-2012 MacBook Air that came with 10.7.4 to capitalize on the 8 GB RAM upgrade?I\u2019m looking at purchasing an early model MacBook Air, preferably the 2012 model where they bumped up the capable RAM to 8 GB. In 2011 the early MacBook Pros came with macOS 10.6.6, Snow Leopard, the late 2011 models came with Lion 10.7.2 but from what I\u2019m told these late model MacBook Pros are capable of having Snow Leopard installed even when Lion was pre-installed.I know that you can\u2019t back install macOS platforms on MacBooks like you can with iMacs but 2011 seems to be a particular case between late models having the ability to accept early model macOS 10.6, Snow Leopard.
Can I install macOS 10.6.8 on a mid-2011 MacBook Air? Can I install macOS 10.6.8, Snow Leopard, to a mid-2011 MacBook Air that came preloaded with macOS 10.7.0, Lion, like the MacBook Pros can?Or even a mid-2012 MacBook Air that came with 10.7.4 to capitalize on the 8 GB RAM upgrade?I\u2019m looking at purchasing an early model MacBook Air, preferably the 2012 model where they bumped up the capable RAM to 8 GB. In 2011 the early MacBook Pros came with macOS 10.6.6, Snow Leopard, the late 2011 models came with Lion 10.7.2 but from what I\u2019m told these late model MacBook Pros are capable of having Snow Leopard installed even when Lion was pre-installed.I know that you can\u2019t back install macOS platforms on MacBooks like you can with iMacs but 2011 seems to be a particular case between late models having the ability to accept early model macOS 10.6, Snow Leopard.
Batch Renaming Folders Is there a way to batch replace current folder names with increasing numbers? The \"Rename Finder Items\" built-in feature only lets you replace in the 'Find and replace text' kind of way. Not all my current folder names have common characters. I'm using Mojave, btw. 
Changing Text Color in Finder on Mojave Dark Mode? I recently switched over to Dark Mode, and for visual symmetry, I made my Finder window backgrounds dark grey (so that I don't have a black window with a white filled-in background. However, this makes the text quite hard to read -- is there any way to change (or simply invert) the text color for icon labels in Finder?Thanks for your help!
Is my keyboard compatible with MacBook Pro I have ordered a Hyperx alloy elite RGB, but I was wondering whether it would be compatible with my MacBook Pro [Mojave 10.14.] In some forums I read it might not be compatible. If it is not compatible is there any possible way that I can make it work with my MacBook Pro?
Windows File Sharing for Local Network Directory accounts in macOS Mojave I'm struggling with how directory services and local Mac accounts interact. I'm hoping to not have to specifically assign the 'Windows File Sharing' option to each user individually or Network Directory group access.Is it possible to share files to Windows clients who have a Local Network Directory (Open Directory) account in macOS Mojave?
Mac after reboot only allows one account to logon Afternoons all,So I have a MacBook Pro, 2018 TB with High Sierra that's bound to a Windows domain, built via JAMF.We have one admin account on the machine which our IT team use then the user account where they themselves are also admins. I should point out I have admin rights on the machine.Nothing special about these accounts as far as I'm aware.However when my user logs onto the machine, to do their work and then reboots, at logon they are only prompted for the password for the IT admin account. They don't see the username and password fields.I'm trying to go through the console logs but unsure what I'm even looking for.I should have mentioned, I have admin rights but some features are locked down via JAMF security profiles.Anyone else seen this issue?
Raise/lower brightness is extremely slow Whenever I try to raise/lower my screen brightness with the F1 and F2 buttons, it takes a couple of seconds before the brightness changes, and I can't stop it from raising/lowering the brightnessRaising/lowering the brightness is also a very slow processIs there any way to bring this back to normal function/speed?I have a mid 2012 13\" MacBook Pro running macOS Sierra.
Auto Unlock - supported For a MacBook Pro mid 2014 macOS High Sierra in the System Report I just want to verify that -Auto Unlock - Supported- is telling me that it is possible for me to set up a Apple Watch and it is not telling me that it is on or setup. Correct?
iOS: Delete default Apple apps built-into iOS 9.3.5 How do I delete the Apple apps that come installed by default with the iPhone, like Podcasts, iBooks or Game Center app?It appears that these apps take up a lot of storage space on my iPhone 4s. I don't know for sure if one can or can't remove them.
External monitor connected via usb-c causes mac to not show low battery notification I have a macbook pro 15 inch (2017) that I connect to a 32\" external monitor via usb-c. Usb-c is also 'partially' charging the mac but not enough to fully charge battery since voltage from monitor to mac is low. In turn, this causes the battery to discharge while power source is set to power adapter.Therefore the mac battery is discharging while connected to power. In this case when the battery gets really low no 'low battery' notification is displayed since it is technically 'charging'. Is this an issue apple should fix or do they expect us to check the battery percentage every minute in this kind of scenario.I was previously very reliant on the low battery notification so now the mac  is powering off just because I am not alerted to connect the proper charger.
Alternative to iTunes for Podcasts I listen to podcasts using iTunes (my only reason to use it), and I am growing to hate it. Can someone suggest an alternative that:Will not download the podcast unless I specifically do so.Will play a podcast to the end, and then stop.  What happens next is for me to decide, not the app (this is why I cannot stand iTunes anymore).Make it reasonably easy to find the podcasts I listen to and add them to a list.List all available episodes for a podcast, ideally with the summery if that is available.BTW, I use my laptop to listen to podcasts.Alternatively, if there is a way of stopping iTunes from autoplaying podcasts once one is finished, that would be an option too.
Is there any program that can add titlebar functionality to the menubar panel? Looking to reproduce the Unity/Gnome3 (Linux desktops) feature set on a Mac:specifically:adding various window management buttons to the menu bar panel (close, maximize, maybe tile left/right)drag from the top to drag a maximized window, just as you would drag from the top in Windows. On Gnome desktop you can just drag from the top to move a maximized window, even though there is a panel at the top of the screen just like on Mac. Really good use of Fitts law.double-click on empty space in the menubar panel to maximize/unmaximize a window.Are the any ready-made solutions to this? Are these features actually possible to implement on Mac?
Can I use target disk mode using an USB 2.0 to Firewire cable? Since the graphics card of my MacBook Pro from early 2011 is broken I need to save my data per target disk mode. This could be easily done using a FireWire or a Thunderbolt cable.But my problem is that I only have access to a MacBook from 2008 without FireWire. I could borrow a USB 2.0 to FireWire cable but first I would like to know if the connection from a MacBook with USB 2.0 port to my broken MacBook Pro with FireWire port is even possible. Do you know if this would work?Thanks in advance!
Is there a way to encrypt a folder and then only allow certain processes to have access to that folder? I'm aware of technique for creating encrypted folders using disk utility.But I believe once it is unlocked and mounted, any process owned as you or root could read that folder.I'm looking for a way to encrypt a folder and then only allow certain procs access.Here's a scenario:   Google chrome keeps a directory for cache data, bookmarks, history and the like.I'd like to create an encrypted folder for this that is only unlocked for chrome.   And keep it encrypted for any backup software or scanners... things that could potentially be running as root that could override an filesystem perms.
Apple spaces switching screens after sleeping I have a 2017 Macbook Pro. I connect to two external screens via a Belkin Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD. They are arranged external|external|internal left to right. I have my 'menu bar' dragged to the far left external screen in the Displays preference pane, which is where I want my dock (on the far left hand side).My issue is that whenever I wake the machine from sleep, the internal and central screen switch spaces, which is infuriating as I have to drag them all back to the correct place all the time.Some other places say try switching the screen the menu bar is on, but this isn't appropriate for me as it would move my dock position.I have 'Automatically rearrange Spaces based on most recent use' disabled in Mission Control settings.Is there any way to solve this problem, so that the spaces remain on their correctly affiliated screens, or failing that a quick way I can (preferably with a keyboard shortcut) cause the spaces on screens 2/3 to switch all in one go without the laborious dragging of up to six spaces back and forth?
How to get calendar invites to come in as iCal and not as Google Calendar invites? I use my Gmail email-address as my Apple ID. When people send me calendar invites, I only receive them on Google Calendar. And since I deactivated the calendar on my Macs for Gmail account, I don't get notified at all (besides an email).Is there a way to receive the invitations on iCal instead? Or do I have to use a non-Google address as my Apple ID?
Macbook pro \u201c13\u201d mid 2010 battery not holding charge. Macbook pro \u201c13\u201d mid 2010 shutdown after removing the megasafe charger. .. Any help will be appriciated. 
How can I abort Mojave installation? I am on Sierra now, and the appstore has downloaded the Mojave Installer, however I quit it without going though any of the steps, the installer is just sitting in my apps folder.I would like to cancel the Mojave installation and remove the downloaded files, is there anything I can do?
Removing a debit card from apple wallet I have a debit card in apple wallet that I no longer use. The card has actually been deactivated by my bank because I requested a new card.When I attempt to add the new card I get an error, \u2018invalid card\u2019. I\u2019m certain I typed in everything correctly.I try to remove the old card first but I do not see it anywhere in wallet until I attempt to add a new card. How do I delete the old card from apple wallet if I do not see it in the wallet?
Missing text highlighting Color when selecting it in Preview When I select text in PDF file in Preview it doesn't highlight properly.This issue is reproducible after a restart. I'm on Mojave 10.14.1I mean it's not about highlighting words or something, that works. But when I select text to copy it, it doesn't highlight although I can copy it and paste somewhere. Text is selectable, and it used to work like week ago, but now it doesn't. Any ideas? 
Delete iMessage chat history from work MacBook How do I delete all the iMessage chat history and logs from my work MacBook but still have them on my iPhone (they are synced).The Mac is running macOS Mojave 10.14.
Permanently disable \"Check Spelling While Typing\" On OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, no matter what I do, including all the suggestions I've found on Google and on this site, every time I launch the Notes app it has Check Spelling While Typing enabled.How do I permanently disable this feature?
Delete all data from MacBook except a certain folder? I can not find a clear step by step guide on how to completely remove all data, apps, cache from my Mac (to give it to another friend), but keep a certain folder that I can not backup otherwise (it is 40 GB and we are far from home).I have a MacBook Pro running macOS Mojave. I have 1 folder on the Desktop, and I want to remove all the data from the Mac including all cache and apps, and leave this folder there.We can and should keep the macOS Mojave as I just downloaded it.I want to really remove everything since it has a lot of garbage, cache, and private keys, etc.
Running macOS Sierra (10.12) or macOS High Sierra (10.13) on a 21.5\" mid 2017 iMac I'm looking at buying a new 21.5\" mid 2017 iMac which will ship with macOS Mojave 10.14.I have some software that will only run on macOS Sierra 10.12.Is it possible to downgrade to macOS Sierra 10.12 on this iMac by wiping the hard disk and reinstalling the OS from a USB installer? Does the mid 2017 iMac have the drivers to run macOS Sierra? If not do they have the drivers to run macOS High Sierra?
Moving back to the front or end of a long URL entery with out having to use delete? Is there a way to move to the front or back of a long sentence you type in the URL area on a iPhone with out having to get close as possible and then having to delete then retype? 
Apple TV Remote option in iPhone Control Center doesn't work I have an Apple TV which works perfectly. On my iPhone 6s I've been using the Apple TV Remote app for quite some time and that too works perfectly. A week ago I activated the Apple TV Remote option for the Control Center (in Settings > Control Centre > Customise Controls) and for the past week I've been trying to get it to work, but for some unknown reason it never ever finds my Apple TV. It just keeps searching and searching!How do I get this to work? It would be fantastic to use this from the Control Center! 
Can I remotely access an iPhone from a computer overseas? I'm in England and have no Apple products.My mom's in North America. We both have Internet. She's unskilled, but having difficulties, with iPhone that I'd like to access remotely from my Windows laptop. Can I?
Allow user to SSH to my Mac, but sandbox the account I would like to create an SSH account on my Mac to allow some friends to test code on my machine from the command line.However, I want to sandbox them, so that the only folders/files they can see are those owned by them within their user folder. All other user folders, the application folder, etc, would be hidden. Ideally external volumes would also be hidden.Is this possible to do with a standard user account? (The other accounts on the system are admin accounts) Is the guest account a better choice?
My external boot volume won't startup all my Macs when it should Because of the mobility of my work I decided to create a boot volume on an external USB-C SSD so that I can run my user environment on a number of Macs (on an iMac Pro (2017) while at work, on a 15\" MacBook Pro (Retina, mid-2015) while on the road, and on a 27\" iMac (2017) when at home). Unfortunately, while the 27\" iMac and 15\" MacBook Pro boot up fine from the external drive, the iMac Pro doesn\u2019t. I\u2019ve tried resetting the NVRAM and even the SMC for good measure. The external boot volume contains macOS Mojave 10.14.1, and this should be fully compatible with the iMac Pro.What am I missing here?
I was looking at an app from the US app store, now I can't find out how to change store back to UK? When trying to update apps I had previously installed I get the message \"Account not in this store\saying I must leave the US store. My region is UK and I have Apple iD and valid payment for UK. How do I change back to the UK store? I even tried creating a new Apple iD and still have the same issue.
I bought a 'new' MacBook Pro from 3rd party. It came in a refurbished box, but they insist it was 'new' How do I know if this really is new or used? When I received the MacBook, it was in a 2016 refurbished apple MacBook Pro box even though the MacBook I received is a 2017 version. Are there any options that I have, to confirm whether this is a new or refurbished Mac?I saw online that I can ask Apple to check the serial number and see if its ever been registered with someone else other than me. Will that work? Can I go to the Apple store and ask them to verify it for me? Other than that, I received the MacBook exactly as I bought it; exact specs. I just thought that maybe they took the MacBook out of the original boxing and put it in a older box, but why would they do that, and why would they use an older box? Please help me out. Edit: I checked the battery cycle, and its at 4. Is that substantial? (Do new Macs come with a battery cycle like that?)Just for reference, I bought this from Other World Computing. 
How can I go to the previous desktop in Mission Control using a hot key? Say, I have 10 desktops. I'm on the desktop 2. I switch to the deskotp 7 using the F3 key and touchpad. Is there a standard hot key for switching back to the deskotp 2? And then back to the deskotp 7. Similar to Alt+Tab, but for the desktops. 
What is the Apple Watch to iphone pairing animation called? I need to build something similar for my own app and am heavily inspired by this animation.  I despise QR codes and would love something like this and am comfortable designing it from scratch.  Just don't know where to begin.
Wi-Fi can\u2019t be turned on (MacBook Pro 2011, High Sierra 10.13.4) The Wi-Fi icon in the menu bar is displaying as empty. When I open Network Preferences and press \u201cTurn Wi-Fi On\u201d, nothing happens.I have tried making the Wi-Fi service inactive, deleting it, then restarting the MacBook and adding the service back. This fix actually worked, but the problem returned after about thirty minutes. Since then, I have simply been repeating the process every time the Wi-Fi turns itself off, but it is very inconvenient and I hope it is not the only fix.I\u2019m afraid that the fact that the Wi-Fi turning itself back off again indicates that it\u2019s a hardware issue.After seeing a response to another user who had a similar problem, I have also tried using Terminal to \u201ccycle the power to my wireless card\u201d. It had no effect.After restarting the MacBook again, it now says \u201cWi-Fi: No hardware installed\u201d and will not let me create a new Wi-Fi service.After another reboot I was able to turn WiFi on again, but it turned off after about ten minutes. I imagine that I will sometimes get \u201cNo Hardware Installed\u201d again in the future.
What video resolutions does late-2015 iMac 5K support on external monitors? I've got a Core i5 3.2GHz iMac with AMD R9 M390 2Gb. I decided to connect my old HP LP3065 monitor, but to my surprise it would only show either 1280x800 or 1024x640, though it supposed to be up to 2560x1600.Could the problem be with graphics card, cable, or old monitor?
I am unable to to project my screen from a Windows laptop to iMac using HDMI to Thunderbolt 2 I am unable to project my screen as an extended screen to my Late 2012 21 inch iMac from my Dell XPS L502X. Please guide me through steps which I can follow. I am using an HDMI to Thunderbolt 2 converter.
How can I use iPhoto in lieu of Photos in macOS Sierra? I really dislike macOS's Photos.app (thought I could get use to it), but would like to use iPhoto again. It's in my apps, but was replaced with a more current version when my stuff was installed onto the new Mac. When I click on iPhoto, it says it needs to update the photo library before I can use it. I'm running macOS Sierra 10.12.6 and worry about compatibility since I'm reading some scary things. Don't want to end up in a jam or a pile of lost photos. Has anyone done this upgrade with Sierra in order to use the latest iPhoto? And has everything worked like clockwork?
Two copies of same app but with unique preferences? Is there a way to have two copies of the same app (say one in applications folders and another on desktop) but both copies of the app have their own unique preferences file so that any changes that I make in one app are not reflected on the other. my concern is essentially the apps plist file.  Thanks! 
Will a Dell U2419HC provide enough power to charge a MBP 15\" (Late 2016)? The monitor comes with a USB-C port that sends power as well as image. But it's unclear to me:What's the wattage it sends?Is that enough to charge an MBP that's in use? 
Can I disable speakerphone on HomePod? I really like my HomePod, but I never want to use it as a speakerphone.When I'm on a call on an iOS device in my house, and tap the () icon to turn on speakerphone, the presence of the HomePod makes me navigate a menu instead of just toggling the speaker phone.Is there a setting somewhere that'll let me disable this HomePod feature?
Disable Bluetooth on Apple keyboards and trackpad I have a Apple Magic Keyboard and Trackpad 2 connected to a MacBook Pro 2014 via USB. If I open up Bluetooth preferences I can still see both of these devices listed.I'd like to completely disable any Bluetooth communication and use USB as the only communication channel. How can I achieve this?
Use SIM card on international roaming only for voice calls (sans mobile data) I would like to know whether I can use my iPhone 6 with Pakistani SIM card to make and receive phone calls while roaming in UK. I would not like to consume any mobile data (for Internet/background activity).I wish to use the SIM card solely for making and receiving phone calls. I would only like to use Internet via free Wi-Fi whenever it is available.Is it possible to use my SIM card on international roaming on my iPhone 6 this way? I wish to minimize international roaming costs.
Do executables in OS X need to be built in specific way to be used as a service? Does an OS X executables need to be built in specific way (e.g. no UI, implement certain interfaces) so it can be used as a service?  Does this vary by its language (e.g. Objective C, Java) or its implementation (compiled versus script)?
How to delete partially downloaded updates in High Sierra? I'm trying to update my Macbook Pro to the latest security update for High Sierra but the download doesn't seem to finish and is working in a really weird way. I tried to cancel the current update, and it does cancel, but when I try to start it again, it doesn't start from the very beginning and shows an entirely different progress than what it showed before I cancelled it. For instance, I cancelled the download at around 700mb, but when I tried up update again, it shows that only 300mb has been downloaded.I want to start the download from the start, from 0%, which I think will fix the issue but I can't seem to do that, too. Can anybody please help me? I tried to wait it out already, but it just gave me a connection error around 1.6GB. When I tried to start again, it started at around 738mb.
Trying to fit iMac 27 Late 2013 memory into iMac 27 Late 2009 When shoving the memory in, I cannot get it to click (or get it deep enough for the lid to close). Are the dimensions different or do I need to push harder?!
Changing MacOS's IP Address While Booted Off Another Drive My server lives in a data center, 1,000 miles away.This Mac has two hard drives, a primary and a backup. Both are bootable and have the same network settings, so I can switch back and forth between them, remotely. (Screen sharing, System Prefs, Startup Disk).I just put a new server in service today. Before boxing it up, I use a keyboard and mouse to change the server's IPs from my LAN IPs, to my public IPs. Server went in to service and all was good. Until I rebooted. I forgot to change the backup drive's network settings. So when I boot off of the backup drive, the computer is live on the internet with an IP of 172.16.0.7. No bueno. I was able to get the server booted back up off of the primary drive, so I'm in service for now. But I have no physical access to this machine. What I need is:A way to change the IP address of both ethernet interfaces, on the Backup hard drive, while I am booted up off of the Primary hard drive. If I'm lucky, there's a .plist somewhere I can edit and life will be good. If I'm unlucky, Apple will have some truly insane way of storing IP settings, and it won't be possible to do this at all. Note: This is an El Capitan install. 
mark mail as read without opening When I get a mail notification I can hover it and I see options to \"delete\" and \"reply\" but I almost never want to do either of those.Normally I want to ignore it, and mark it as read, or I want to open it and read it.Opening it is currently possible.But how can I mark it as read in Notification?
How do I fix iPhone SE celluar network after 12.1.2 upgrade? My iPhone SE was just upgraded with ios 12.1.2, but the cellular network is now dead.  After restarting it, I got this message<blockquote>  Cellular Update Failed    Your iPhone cannot make and receive calls or access cellular data until it has been updated.    Learn More / OK</blockquote>
External display connected via USB-C > VGA goes to endless sleep/wake loop I have a dell external display connected to my mb pro 2017 (Mojave), but whenever i try to sleep my mac (with sleep command), it goes to endless loop trying to sleep and then immediately wakes up, because external display won't sleep.Is there any workarounds / apps to prevent this behavior?
How to share an app with friends and family only I am currently developing an iOS app for one of my family members. The only thing is, I do not want it on the App Store.How would I be able to share this with my family member? I know that I could use Cydia impactor or with a personal developer certificate, but this would require signing every few days if I remember correctly?
How can I move videos from Google Drive to Apple Photos on iPad? My uncle has a lot of videos in Google Drive on his iPad. In Google Drive i can\u2019t find a way to export/save to Photos. I can only move to another Google drive but not onto the native Photos app. Is there a way?
Time Capsule - what happens when full, if there is more than one system backup? I have a Time Capsule that was used for backing up several offline macs, when the local drive sizes were relatively small. (Lets say theres two old backups called \"iMac\" and \"iBook\".Currently it backs up two relatively new devices (lets call them MacBook and Mini). It has become full in the last year. I know that Time Machine discards older backups to keep the most current, but how does it decide what data to keep between the different systems?
install windows 10 via bootcamp not on the main drive I did repair my early 2009 mac pro 4.1; and after installing a gtx970 I did realize that I may use it also for windows gaming.Although my main drive is just a boot for OSX, which is a 90 GB SSD drive; the rest of my home directory and application support is on a SATA mechanical drive. Is possible to install Windows 10 via bootcamp, on a drive that is not the main drive? I am running 10.11 (el capitan), which is the highest OS that my machine seems to be able to run.EDITNo, I am not using an external drive, but an internal drive (the Mac Pro has 4 internal SATA bay for drives)
Apple Maps: Renaming Favorires or Marked Locations There must be some really obvious trick which has escaped me.If I favorite a marked location on MacOS Maps, or on iOS Maps, I can\u2019t see how I can give it a custom name.Tapping or clicking on Info doesn\u2019t seem to help, and I can\u2019t see any other method.I have tried the technique of selecting favorites from the search bar (in MacOS), selecting edit and trying, but the text remains uneditable.I would even consider a third party app if there is one.I am using MacOS Mojave, and iOS 12.
Can\u2018t setup an iPad or Apple TV as Home Hub I tried a lot of different things and running out of ideas. I wanted to start using the HomeKit and failed to setup a Home Hub, both with my Apple TV 4 and with my iPad. My Apple ID is setup with Two-Factor-Authentication and Keychain enabled. Home is switch on my iPhone and iPad. I also rebooted the devices several times and signed off and on e.g. in the Apple TV. I use latest OS versions. HomeKit does not show up in Apple TV and if I set to use the iPad a Home Hub, nothing changes.All Home applications on iPad, iPhone or Mac indicated that remote access is not set up and suggest to setup a home hub.Anything you see that I missed?
How to get the path associated to a favorite in Finder? I have some favorites in Finder (10.11.4) and I can't open some of them:<blockquote>  \"Folder name\" can't be opened because the original item can't be found.</blockquote>The folder can't be open because it is on an unmount volume. The problem is I don't know what is this volume and I would like to know the path associated to this favorite. I can't get this information with right click on the favorite, it is not listed in the Finder preferences and the information is not present in the plist file.Where can I get this information?
How to remove a large number of unused keywords from Apple Photos app? My Photo library has evolved over many years, starting out as an iPhoto library, then being merged with an Aperture library, then becoming a Photos library.  Over the course of the last 20 or so years I've accumulated thousands of keywords that have zero photos associated with them.The Photos app itself does not support a 'Delete unused keywords' feature, and I have looked at using AppleScript to do this, but, despite being quite an experienced programmer, I could not work out how to do this (AppleScript drives me nuts quite honestly).I'm hoping someone has already written such a script, or if not a script then some other utility that will do this for me.
Showing \"Return Completed\" as status but didn't receive refund yet I have ordered an IPhone and the phone was not delivered(not sure about the reason) and was returned back to apple warehouse. The status in the order page shows as \"Return Completed\" on 22nd of December 2018. I didn't receive the refund yet. How much longer it might take for the refund to be completed.
What are the various ways to skip a song on youtube on 3rd generation Apple TV using the iOS remote app or Apple Watch remote app What are the various ways to skip a song on youtube on Apple TV using the iOS remote app or Apple Watch remote app?Currently, it seems like the easiest way to do this is to just fast forward till the end of the song.What are the gestures on iPhone to skip a song and how can I do this on my Apple Watch?
Can I access iCloud Drive files from non-apple device? I have an application that stores its files on iCloud Drive for synchronization. I'd like to write a cloud service that can also access the files.For example, if I record a video on my app, I'd like to ask my service to download the file, and send it to a transcoding service, or something.From the device, can I create an authenticated URL to the file? Alternatively, can I create a temporary token to send to the server, so that it can access the file? Then, when transcoding is complete, can I write back to the iCloud Drive?I'm mostly trying to avoid uploading the entire file from the device to the server, because the files might be quite large.I'm also trying to use iCloud Drive to support the seamless file sync between device and mac laptop without having to explicitly authenticate - that type of thing isn't supported by google drive, or dropbox, correct? Thanks very much in advance, I appreciate any help at all!
Xcode 10 Not Always Jumps to Location of Warning/Error After upgrading to Xcode 10, I have noticed that for some issues (not all) the source code editor no longer jumps to the location of a compiler error or warning when I click said issue on the issue navigator.Any known fix to this? (other than \"delete derived data\etc.)
Is it possible to use a 2009 imac as a display for a 2017 macbook pro? Is it possible to use a 2009 imac as a display for a 2017 macbook pro? If so, what cable would I need to make this work? Ideally with a mini display port to usb-c cable it would just work but I have my doubts.
Hide the cursor from the terminal I want to be able to hide the cursor programmatically. I am okay with giving any required permissions to the script.
Can't download facetime from cloud on my iPhone My facetime was uploaded to the cloud, but when I tap on the facetime icon, it says download not available at this time. I've tried many different times, on different days, but I always get the same result.What happened?
Can't see the User on the login screen My user name does not appear on the login screen. There are two users and only one is shown. Is there any way to see the other user or some user name input box instead of selection?
Use iTunes credit to purchase items I have redeemed several hundred dollars of iTunes money to my Apple account. Is there any any app(s) in the store that allow you to pay for something (at a high price of course, due to Apple\u2019s fees) that can be shipped to your door (and potentially re-sold) with iTunes credit?Is this allowed in Apple\u2019s App Store Terms of Services, or are all In-App Purchases intended to cover some digital artefacts?If so, do apps allow you to buy currency which is in turn redeemable for something tangible or exchangeable?
How do I get 2 Dell monitors to work with my MacBook Pro (13-inch, 2017, Two Thunderbolt 3 ports) OSX doesn't support MST daisy chaining monitors. I've got 2 brand new monitors and a decent mac and Apple wont let me use it due to software limitations.Is there any product I can buy (Amazon preferably) that will let me use my two monitors (not screen mirroring) as I want to? I can plug both displays into the mac but then I can't charge the mac at the same time or close the lid without it going off. Dell U2518D are the displays.
Can OSX still sync dropbox while \"asleep\"? If a Mac Mini running macOS 10.11 is in sleep mode, but powered on and connected to the network, will Dropbox still sync in the background? 
Black screen when using 4 ram sticks on brand new iMac 5K I bought a 5K iMac 4 months ago, with the stock 8gb of ram. I bought an extra 2x4GB off Amazon (Crucial Ram). But then, it looks like I cannot use all 4 ram slots at the same time. The iMac won't even start, only show a black screen.The Crucial ram sticks are 100% working, since I tried removing the original ram sticks, using only the new ones, and the mac boots and runs fineRight now, I am running the iMac with 3 of the 4 sticks, so at the moment I have 12gb of ram.I tried using the top 3 slots, it works. Bottom 3, it works.2 slots works too.But as soon as I insert a 4th ram stick, it stops workingI have resetted the SMC and NVRAM. Still no luckAlso updated Mojave to 10.14.2 (latest version)Any ideas?I would like to see if there's anything I can try before setting an appointment with Apple for this, since it's my main working machine, and I need to work on some projects right now.Thanks a lot!Here's the Ram kit I have bought:Crucial 8GB Kit (4GBx2) DDR4 2400 MT/S (PC4-19200) SR x8 SODIMM 260-Pin MemoryI've read multiple comments on Amazon about this kit working fine with 5k iMacs...so I'm not sure what's going on here. Thanks
How to revoke the Health App's permissions to Messages Under Privacy -> Health the App Messages is listed as an App accessing my Health data, and in the Health App, Massages is listed as a Source. How do I revoke those permissions?And is there a way to delete the Health App altogether? 
App like Lightroom and Photos to display geotagged images in a map I am looking for a Mac app to display locations of the geotagged photos in a folder using google maps.    I don't want to import them from Photos because:<br>a)  It is not practical to import several large images (10Mb+), get the info I am looking for (for example clicking on one of the sample thumbnails to see which photos were took in that place) and then delete all of them at the end.<br>Why that? Because I don't want Photos Library increased (it is linked to iCloud).<br>b) I don't like encapsulated data, specially because I access image folders from other computers in other OS.   I know it is possible using Lightroom but I am looking for a solution where I don\u2019t have to pay majority of the features when I want just a map. an interactive map where I can see images and explore them is a needed functionEdit 1:Google Maps because it seems to me that it has more information. I also has StreetComment 1: I am having a very simplified screen, no way to just put a thumbnail instead of a large photo, no preview screen
Play sound through earpiece speaker iphone How can i make my iPhone 7 play all sound through the earpiece?I want to listen to music privately without headphones thought this would be an easy way to do it, pointing bottom of phone low-volume to head is awkward and doesn't work v well.
How to use Time Machine to backup system from ssd I added an SSD to my Mac mini and installed macOS Mojave on it. (it is already installed on the HDD) I notice that Time Machine is still backing up from the HDD. How can I change the source drive for Time Machine to the SSD?
How smoothly does Xcode 10.1 run on 2017 MacBook Pro base model (8 GB RAM/128 GB SSD)? I am planning to buy a 2017 MacBook Pro base model (8 GB RAM/128 GB SSD) for iOS app development and I am on a budget.I would appreciate if I get answer to the following questions before I decide to purchase:Does current version of Xcode (10.1) and iOS Simulator run smoothly without lag on this Mac? or do I need more RAM and SSD and more powerful CPU?How fast the 128 GB SSD fills with Xcode project files if I use the machine only for app development purpose?Can I move old Xcode project files to an external disk in order to free up space on internal drive (and copy old Xcode project files back to internal drive as needed)?Can I directly save and run Xcode project files from external disk without using the internal drive?
iPhone backup takes too much space I have my iCloud backups stripped down to only CONTACTS and NOTES and about 150MB of apps, yet the backup is 5.22 GB.  How do I make my iPhone backup smaller?! 
6GB of \"System Storage\" on iPhone 6 - Reset Doesn't Clear It I have had issues with my iPhone's System Storage category taking up anywhere from 6 to 9 GB of storage.  This is a huge problem for me, as I have a 16GB phone!I have backed up and wiped my phone in every possible combination multiple times over the last year or so and nothing helps.  Plugging it into iTunes and letting it sit open for a few minutes will clear less than 500 MB, and eventually that gets racked back up again.Any ideas on how to fix this, or is my phone just screwed?
Airplaying: consumption of mobile data? If I create a Personal Hot Spot Wi-Fi (on an iPhone 8 with iOS 12.1.3), connect an Apple TV 4k to that Wi-Fi, will I incure mobile data usage if I airplay to the Apple TV using previously downloaded iTunes movies on the iPhone?
iPad mail swoosh sound gone missing An iPad running iOS 12 has lost its swoosh!Apple Mail would make a swoosh sound when mail was sent.  But a couple of days ago it stopped.  The sound is on, (not muted.) I go to sounds > sent mail classic etc and can hear the swoosh no problem, but not when I actually send mail.  Nor if I change the sent mail sound to one of the other sound options.iPad volume, and sent mail sounds are the only solutions I have found, but do not apply.  Is there anything else to try?Edit - I now see that lots of systems sounds are not working.  Lock and keyboard are set to green but do not make system sound. All volumes are set to max.  Anything else to try?
Self-Renewing 'Automation' virus redirects Safari and Chrome through ads to bing. Renews through a memory alert Running macOS 10.14.2. Safari 12.0.1.Symptoms:Safari redirects searches through proxy to bingChrome redirects searches through proxy to bingIn Privacy Settings, under Automation \"Finder\" with no icon has access to SafariWhen removing it, a preferences pop up shows up.Immediately after a memory warning shows up and cancel the preferences pop up.\"Finder\" reappears under \"Automation\" with safari checked.When quitting Safari, it launches alone. (Can't close safari)Attempts:Used \"tccutil reset AppleEvents\both pop ups appear once after execution.Used Avira anti-virus with quick scan it found and eliminated 1 virus, ran a full scan and it found and removed 4. Did not run it again.No clue how to remove this without disabling SIP which is not something I necessarily want to do, nor would I know how to exactly find \"Finder\". It also seems to be using some exploit to grant itself Automation privileges even after you uncheck them via some memory issue that triggers the memory warning. How can malware like this be cleaned?
brand new iPhone XS seems to run out of juice quite quickly - when should I charge it? I've been using a company iPhone for quite some time now, and I found it to be much better than my Android personal phone, so I decided to buy a 256 Gb iPhone XS. I like it much better than my Samsung, except for the battery - even if it's brand new, it runs out of juice pretty quickly (it may also be that I'm so happy with my purchase, that I end up overusing it - the UX is much better :-) What's the recommended routine for an iPhone? Should I charge it as soon as battery gets down to 20%? Sooner? Later?
How to publish an app internally for users of my organisation and not publicly? I want to build and deploy an iOS app only for my company specific users.I do not want to publish it for normal users on the iOS App Store. How can I do this?
Is my magsave power adaptor dead? Last night, I heard a spark noise while my mac power adaptor was connected, and the charger stopped charging my machine. There was no light on the connector. I should also say that the cable attaching to the adaptor was torn. So after reading instructions for dismantling the charger, I cracked it open and cut the cable before the plastic  piece inside the charger. Then, I tested if the AC charger was having any output DC voltage with a multimeter. But it did not detect any. Now, do I have to assume that the unit is dead or is there some fuse which needs to be replaced?
Buying a mac pro (2013) overseas this is probably a very dumb question but I would just like to clarify...I live in New Zealand, and looking to buy a Trashcan/Mac pro from Ebay, as it is a lot cheaper (including duty/tax) than buying one here on a similar second hand website...My only question is can I simply plug in the relevant power supply to the mac pro and use it here? I've tried to google it but I keep getting stuff about macbook pro adaptors, and not much about the mac pro cable. Although I did see some references to Apple having an international power supply or something.Anyway, any clarification would be super helpful. Thanks..
How do I download latest compatible version of an app? So, I was trying to download PicsArt and it says that I need a 10.0 IOS version. And that's happenning to almost every awesome app and games in the App Store. And that's the problem, I almost can't download anymore because of that. Now, let's go to the question, How do I download the latest compatible version of an app that I haven't purchased before?Please answer because I'm trying to download not just PicsArt but many more...
How to reset or rebuild application search database in ios? I am having a strange problem on ios. When i search for any app by typing its name in the search screen, the corresponding app shows up, WITH THE EXCEPTION, of firefox for ios. Its odd to me that my firefox app is completely ommitred from search results and I have to manually find the app each time I want to use it. Is there a way to rebuild the app search database in ios? 
Sync tiny calendar I have two iPhones running iOS 12.1.2, each with different Apple IDs. One phone (an iPhone 5S) has complete data for tiny calendar but incomplete contacts. The iPhone 5SE has complete contacts but incomplete calendar data.  I would like them to sync. Any ideas?
Want to Install Windows 10 onto MacBookPro (15\Early 2011) running Sierra 10.12.6 My early 2011 15 inch MacBook Pro has 2.3 Intel Core i7, 8 GB memory, 750 GB SATA Disk and a SuperDrive. I completely erased the hard drive with Disk Utility and reinstalled os 10.12.6. My goal is to use this computer to run Windows with BootCamp, because my late 2009 iMac has become very burdened running Windows 7 in Parallels. I need Windows to use my accounting program. I will continue to use my iMac for everything else.So my first problem was that my Windows 7 key will not work. I purchased a Windows10 Home full version USB flash drive.Using Boot Camp I downloaded the Windows Drivers to the USB. The point was reached where a password was asked for, indicating that the installation of Windows was successful. But after I gave the password, the message was \"The installer disk could not be found. Insert Windows installer disk and wait for it to be recognized.\"Next I received some advice to burn the iso files to a DVD. I purchased a HD DVD-R with 15 GB. However, neither my iMac nor the MacBook Pro will perform the task. So I am seeing a lot of posts from people experiencing problems with the SuperDrive under Sierra.I would rather not go down this rabbit hole, so I am hoping there might be an answer that will work using the flash drive that I already have. Some of the answers that I read to similar questions seem really complicated; I hope that there might be a relatively easy fix
Spam on iMessage - What are my options? A person unknown to me got hold of my Apple ID (email) which is registered with iMessage. While as I understand, there should be no harm in some stranger having access to my email address (apart from the possibility of receiving spam emails).However, what's concerning me is that this person is sending me a truck-load of messages on iMessage. He/She is also constantly trying to reach me via FaceTime Audio/Video.I have politely requested them to state the intent of communication. However, the person appears to be engaging in irrelevant chatter.After repeatedly requesting to stop it, I pulled the plug by blocking the Apple ID. However, the person retaliated by creating a new Apple ID and starting all over again.I am quite bothered by the unnecessary communication which I find to be distracting. I have blocked the second Apple ID too and, in response, I have started receiving the communication from a yet another Apple ID.What official options do I have to stop this? Will reporting the Apple ID(s) in question enable Apple to take actions which can prevent this further?
Stop Safari from opening FaceTime when a site contains a phone number When navigating with Safari to some sites that have phone numbers, Safari diligently opens FaceTime when I click on a phone number. Is there a way to prevent this? I am currently tempted to delete the FaceTime app from the Applications folder, but I hope there is a less drastic way to do this.more info : Both Chrome and Firefox propose the option to 'open FT' or cancel. I was looking for a similar setting in Safari.
iCloud / iOS / Mac Syncing Troubles I have an iPhone 7 running iOS 12.1.4, and a MacBook Pro running OS 10.13.6. I am running iCloud using the same ID, syncing contacts from both devices. This should sync seamlessly, but it doesn't. I have duplicates on the Mac, and the iPhone; contacts that appear on the Mac, and not the iPhone; and contacts that appear on the iPhone, and not the Mac. I want to merge the two databases into iCloud, and eliminate duplicates. I have tried logging out of iCloud on both devices, waiting 30 minutes, and re-connecting. I still have the same issue. Any suggestions as to how I can get my contacts in sync in all three locations would be greatly appreciated.
MacBook Pro, Mid-2014, Dead screen I recently updated my mid-2014 MacBook Pro running High Sierra, which was working perfectly to Mojave. As soon as I did this my screen went pixelated (just like if you added noise on photoshop) and the display started to jump around. I turned it off and back on and it seemed to be fine. Around a week later while running Android Studios, it happened again but much worse. Turned it off again, however, was unable to turn it back on. The guys at the genius bar informed me that there is an issue with the display and they will need to replace the whole top of the Mac costing around $800 and take 10 working days. They told me that it works while being plugged into an external monitor, which it does but is incredibly slow.Booting into safe mode doesn't help &amp; running the Apple Hardware Test doesn't report any issues.How could updating to the latest OS have caused this to have happened or could it just be a coincidence? I haven't tried reformatting it yet but could it help? Anyone else experienced this or something similar?
Can iTunes change metadata on the actual CD? I used iTunes to rip a CD of a homemade audio recording of a friend. iTunes thought it recognized the CD but was way off (it guessed a lecture series about ancient history).However, when I looked at the actual CD's content via Finder, oddly enough, it was divided into arbitrary 5-minute tracks, and two of the tracks had names corresponding to what iTunes had guessed (about ancient history) and the others were generically named.I have no idea if there were tracks or track titles before I imported it with iTunes. Having either of these doesn't make any sense as it's an hour-long speech without logical places for tracks let alone to name one of them \"Byzantine Empire\". (Also what's curious about this is that the actual speaker's first name is the same as the professor of ancient history that iTunes had guessed. I'm wondering if there was some metadata on the CD when I received it, which iTunes used to make this conclusion.)So I have to ask: Is iTunes capable of changing the metadata on the actual CD to match what it thought it was? The CD is probably read-only (I don't have permission to change it to \"Read &amp; Write\" in Get Info), but maybe iTunes has a work-around.
How can I gain access to the Windows 10 BitLocker encrypted drive on Mac OSX? My friends send me a USB drive which has been encrypted with a password in Windows 10 before. There are many important photos for our travel. But when I inserted it on my MacBook. It gave me the windows that the disk was not readable by this computer. I have the password and can not access the drive to get what I want!! Bad mood. Can anyone give me suggestions? I search online and found there is a tool called iSunshare BitLocker Genius. Did anyone use it before? I know nothing about computer, just want the simplest way to get the photos and share the happy times with my family. Help!
How can I gain access to the Windows 10 BitLocker encrypted drive on Mac OSX? My friends send me a USB drive which has been encrypted with a password in Windows 10 before. There are many important photos for our travel. But when I inserted it on my MacBook. It gave me the windows that the disk was not readable by this computer. I have the password and can not access the drive to get what I want!! Bad mood. Can anyone give me suggestions? I search online and found there is a tool called iSunshare BitLocker Genius. Did anyone use it before? I know nothing about computer, just want the simplest way to get the photos and share the happy times with my family. Help!
Backing up another user\u2019s mid-2013 Macbook Air I have pretty much been a Windows user all my life but a family member has recently given me his mid-2013 i7 Macbook Air. This machine is logged in with his Apple account (I have the credentials) and I would like to reset it and start using it as my own machine with my own Apple account.However, I would like to backup the machine before resetting in case he needs some files from it (he should have retrieved the files already but I\u2019d like to be safe). My concerns are as follows.  He has moved back to the Windows ecosystem and no longer possesses a Mac.  Once I reset the machine with my own Apple account, I don\u2019t know if I will have issue accessing the backup as it might be attached to his Apple account.  I prefer a non-cloud solution, for example, a disk image that can be amounted (ideally from a Windows machine; please see (1)).  If I back up the machine (storage capacity 128 GB) to an external disk with larger capacity, I would like that the unoccupied space of the disk is usable (ideally both with Windows and Mac).How do I best proceed please? Please be detailed if you can as this will be my first Mac exp; however, please assume an otherwise generally competent tech user.
Safari stops working when attached to a corporate network My work MBP is in a corporate network which has heavy security. For the last few months Safari has been driving me crazy. It will work for a period of time, then just stop. No matter what web page I ask for (Public like Google or StackOverFlow, or the companies own confluence or other servers) the blue progress bar goes to around 10-15% then just stops. The web page never loads, never times out. Just nothing. Chrome doesn't have the same problems. But I'd rather use Safari. I'm guessing this could be an issue with the corporate proxies, but I don't know how to debug it. Sometimes restarting Safari gets it working again for a while, sometimes I have to restart the machine to get it back. Am on Mojave.Any advice? Corporate IT has no idea even though there's hundreds of Macbooks in here now.  
iOS Backup Size plus Next Backup Size? If I have a limit of free 5GB iCloud, and the Backup Info states: Backup Size: 4.28GBNext Backup Size: 1.10GBDoesn't this mean the next backup will be smaller? Therefore, shouldn't it overwrite/delete the existing backup and thus still be within the 5GB limit?My backups keep failing because of lack of space.
Use the HomePod to turn on TV and Receiver is there any way to have the Apple HomePod control my receiver? Here is what I am thinking:I would ask the Siri HomePod to play a playlist and Siri would automatically turn on my receiver (Sony STR-DN 1080) and my TV (a Sony Bravia from 2009 that has CEC). The HomePod Apple TV HDMI is hooked up to my receiver Video 2 port and the TV is hooked up to my receiver\u2019s ARC HDMI port. I do have my Apple TV set to play through my receiver.I\u2019m hoping I can avoid using remotes altogether to listen to music playlists. Is this possible? If so, what do I need to do to ge it to work?
Visualize Syslog on OSX I'm looking for a GUI (or terminal if there is no GUI) application that provides the following:Visualization of syslog logs.Filtering: For example, I can filter a particular type of logs, a particular PID, etc..Basically, I have an application that logs to syslog. I want to read these logs comfortably. Console.app only does show the syslog file, which is, not quite different than opening the file in a note pad.Any ideas?
Sticky notes in Ubuntu 17.04 disappear after a shutdown I'm using Ubuntu 17.04 and have the Gnome Flashback installed. I very much like sticky notes and they are very useful in everyday tasks for me.I would take matters into my hands but my knowledge is very poor about linux as I have been using it since December 2016. I can't even find where in the hard drive is this applet located to investigate something about the issue.
Cannot add folder to boot drive My boot drive is a 1TB drive and is working fine. Another 1TB drive is acting a bit flaky so I want to move some data (200GB) from my flaky drive to a folder on my boot drive (900GB free on my boot drive).Using the Unity DE, I click on \"Computer\" on the left and I see lots of folders but I am unable to create a new folder here. I tried the File menu but New Folder is disabled.I can create folders under my profile but this is data I would prefer not be under my profile.Is there a way to add folders on the boot drive without those folders being under my home directory? If there is not, must I re-partition my boot drive to be able to use all of the empty space?
Why do I have to shrink the C drive partition of windows to install Ubuntu in dual boot? Install Ubuntu alongside Windows option appears only when unallocated space has been shrunk from C drive of Windows.Why does it have to be only 4 drives including unallocated to dual boot?  
The \"edit\" option is missing from the Ubuntu Software installer This means I am unable to add or modify the repositories using the GUI.The only options on the menu are:Software and UpdatesAboutQuitI'm running the software center as a user, not as root or sudo - it asks for my password when I install something.Clicking on \"About\" says the software is called Ubuntu Software version  3.20.1.
Self-hosted, open-source web client for own mail and calendar servers I have own virtual private server and I'm looking for self-hosted, open-source web software (some client) with GUI to manage mail accounts and calendars.Can you recommend me something?
Ctrl+R acting like holding space bar So I believe I've narrowed this down to a problem in Ubuntu or somewhere in software. Whenever I press Ctrl+R, it acts like I'm holding down the keyboard (i.e. typing tons of spaces). If I press the space bar, it stops.I first noticed it in PyCharm, however I've also reproduced it in gedit. Also, it's not the keyboard as I plugged in another one (into a different USB port) and the same behavior happens.I've tried updating ibus to 1.5.11 as suggested by PyCharm (however the problem was present both before and after the update). This didn't seem to change anything.Any ideas of what could be causing this?                                                                                                                 
How do i install Andy the android emulator on Linux? I can't find a tutorial about this for whatever reason, so does anybody know how to install Andy? I have pretty much all the software I think I would need (Virtual box, an Android ISO,Andy.EXE which I tried running using wine) so if anybody could help me or provide me with a good tutorial that would be great. (i also saw a few tutorials on how to dual boot Android, I don't want to do that before anybody suggests it). I'm not a total newbie and I feel comfortable with the terminal, I can edit some things using VIM, I can find my why around the file system, I have written a scrypt before, etc but please don't suggest anything super complicated.
trouble in installing android studio after installing android studio and running all the commands in terminal and saving the text editor \".desktop'' file..terminal is showing the following error-Key file does not start with a group
Wifi is interfering with Bluetooth headset Wifi is interfering with Bluetooth headset in my Ubuntu system. When i disconnect wifi then it works fine but when i connect it back again same problem. While googling it I found some coexistence term that i tried but still same problem. Please help.
!4.04 still having an amd radeon r9 380. are their drivers still compatible with the latest ubuntu version? I am a new linux users that got his pc about a year ago. I still have my good and old AMD Radeon R9 380. The thing is that i couldn't upgrade my Ubuntu to a newer version (lets say... 16.04) because that version didn't have the drivers required for the card to work properly. I want to know if the newer versions of Ubuntu have any form of compatibility with my graphics card. And if yes, how do i upgrade?
New Lubuntu install - 2GB RAM, 32GB SSD I'm planning on installing Lubuntu (16.04 LTS 64-bit) on 2-3 older laptops with similar specs. They're all 2GB RAM (and are max'd out), and I'll use a 32GB SSD as the only drive.  I have the same Lubuntu distro on one already which works great, but it's on a 256GB \"spinny\" drive.  That drive has a 2GB swap partition.My question is on swap partition and swap file, when moving to this SSD. I do not need hibernation. The computers won't see heavy use, and I'm not much concerned with SSD \"wear\" or lifetime.  I'm most concerned with getting the best \"user speed\" on old machines with modest CPU's.  Most usage is not very memory intensive, altho we'll occasionally open some big stuff in GIMP etc, which could max out the 2GB RAM.After a bunch of searching + reading, it seems I'm best served by NOT using a swap partition, so my questions are:Does it seem best to go with no swap partition?If no swap partition- do I need to do anything to create a swap file, or will the normal Lubuntu install do it?I've read a lot about TRIM, noatime, + a couple other \"tweaks\" to make Ubuntu 'play nice' with SSDs -- however, a lot of the threads I found were years old, 2 or 3 or 7 or more years.  Some threads say that recent Ubuntu distro's have things like trim + noatime built in, and take care of them automatically, so don't need the tweaks.
Unable to boot Ubuntu Live CD 16.04-2 I have the following config:Intel Pentium g4400Nvidia gtx 10704 GB DDR4 RAM160 GB HDDUEFII tried installing cleanly as well as alongside windows 10 but the same problem persists.After selecting any of the 4 options (viz. Install/Run/Check for defects) the screen shows the following error messages:Failed to train: Aborting dpCPU Stuck for 22sAppreciate any help
Using a bridge br0 while using eth0 and eth0:1 My Situation:I have a Server with Ubuntu 16.04 running on it.This Server has 2 IP Adresses.Now I wanted to install a Brige to give a VM (KVM) acces to the Network so i dont have to write endless IP tabels rules for that portforwarding.Is there any way to do?If i enter a bridge and then type \"brctl show\" it won't who up my recelty created br0.
CPU temps reach 90+ *C while compiling OpenCV So I got a used workstation specifically a Lenovo D20.It's configuration is:2x Xeon X5670 (stock speed and cooler)16 GB Registered ECC (4x 4GB)300GB VelociRaptor 10k RPM HDDNvidia Quadro 600Ubuntu 16.04.1 LTSWhile I was compiling OpenCV from source I saw that the Cpu temps from a number of cores were reaching well above 90* C. What could be the issue? All other temps were kinda normal around 45 - 60 *C. Only the core temps used to go that high and then after remaining there for say 4 -5 mins drop to 50 - 60 *C. After that they again climbed up and went down again, till the compilation was done.I was measuring temps using psensor
Adding ubuntu server to our Windows AD I have a Windows Server 2016 controlling a domain of 3 PCs which run Windows 10 and share a laser printer.  All seems to be working well.  I have an Ubuntu server with plenty of spare capacity on its HDD.  Can anyone tell me if I can bind this Ubuntu server (17.04) to my Windows domain so that the Windows 10 PC clients can share the Ubuntu Servers's resources (mainly its HDD and print services)?If it is possible, can you advise me on where to find a a good guide to follow to allow me to get this working?  I am new to this level of Ubuntu networking although I have a little experience in basic Ubuntu scripts and use of CLI commands of the Ubuntu Server Many thanks Neal T 
How I can block specific IP's using iptables? How I can block specific IP's? And as I know, if I somehow block them, it will be not blocked again after reboot. How I can make a script which will block specific IP's? 
AMD Radeon R7-450 graphics card driver for ubuntu16.04 Recently, I purchased dell cpu with \"AMD Radeon R7-450\" graphics card. I installed ubuntu16.04 and windows10 OS in my system for my work. I found amd graphics card driver from the dell site for windows10 but I didn't find any driver for ubuntu16.04. Due to this, the text on my screen is large and unable focus on the screen for reading any pdf files or doing any work in ubuntu.I called dell technical support for help on the issue. They replied that dell don't support any software issues related ubuntu (third party company for dell). Finally they suggested to contact AMD or ubuntu. I wrote a mail to AMD technical support and I got this reply \"I understand you are looking for a driver which support Ubuntu 16.04 on your computer with AMD Radeon R7-450 graphics card. I see that this GPU is an OEM manufacture card and there is no drivers support on our websites for this graphics card.I would like to inform you that AMD releases generic drivers and OEMs like Apple, HP, Dell etc will use this generic drivers and customize them as per OEM requirements and features.Hence, it is recommended to contact the OEM itself for any drivers and feature support.\" Then again I contacted dell and told what AMD support suggested but dell did not give any possible solution for this issue and asked me to contact ubuntu support. So finally I am posting this in this site seeking for any possible solution to fix the problem.
SOLVED: How can you set high priority on \"games\" permanently? I had question to ask, and is if there is a way to set steam games (more specifically the games themselves, that shows up as launchers or releases; example: payday2_release) in high priority permanently, or at least to set it on high priority every time i launch the game without having to manually open the system monitor.
Reused efi partition in dual boot I have dual boot with Windows 10 + Kde neonI installed Windows 10 with default partitions:A Recovery partition.An EFI System Partition.A Microsoft Reserved Partition.A Windows Data Partition or C drive.Ubuntu partitions:/home partition/&emsp;&emsp; partitionswap partitionFor /boot/efi partition i reused that Windows created is it good idea?or in future I will have troubles? 
Install an older kernel 14.04 LTS I'm lost.  I cannot find the answer I need anywhere.  I updated to 4.4.0-81 and ever since doing so I cannot access many of my installed software.  Nothing happens.  No errors coming up.  I would like to get back to 4.4.0-77 which worked fine.  I made the mistake of purging the functional kernel before testing.  I cannot figure out how to roll-back.My system was stable as can be with the older Kernel.  How can I go back?linux-headers-4.4.0-81                                           4.4.0-81.104~14.04.1                                      all          Header files related to Linux kernel version 4.4.0ii  linux-headers-4.4.0-81-generic                                   4.4.0-81.104~14.04.1                                      amd64        Linux kernel headers for version 4.4.0 on 64 bit x86 SMPii  linux-headers-generic-lts-xenial                                 4.4.0.81.66                      
How to install cx_freeze 5.0.2 for python 3.5.2? I am running ubuntu 16. I have both python 2.7 and 3.5 installed. I want to install cx_freeze latest version for python3. I downloaded the package from their website but couldn't run the setup.py file as it always gave me errors. Also i have installed pip3, but it still doesn't work for me. all the answers online are for older version of cx_freeze so a fresh answer for the new version will be helpful.
External hard drive boots 16.04.2 on one computer but not another I am trying to setup Ubuntu on an external USB hard drive to see if I can reliably move it between computers. This has been far harder than I thought it would be.I got the external HDD to boot and run quite well on my laptop (which is 6 months old, core i3, 4gb ram). I can switch between my USB drive's Ubuntu 16.04.2 and my local drive (which has both Ubuntu 16.04.2 and Windows 10). So far, so good.When I try to boot that same drive on my desktop computer (7 years old, core i7, 12GB ram), it will not boot. When I set the external HDD to be my boot drive (in the bios), I get the following error:<blockquote>  error: file '/boot/grub/i386-pc/normal.mod' not found.    Entering rescue mode...    grub rescue></blockquote>When I set my local hdd to be my boot drive and then choose the external hdd from the grub menu, I get the following error:<blockquote>  error: file '/boot/bmlinuz-4.8.0-56-generic.efi.signed' not found.    error: you need to load the kernel first.    Press any key to continue...</blockquote>Then I get bounced back to the local hdd's grub menu.My question is, why can this drive boot fine from a newish laptop but not from a more powerful, but older, desktop computer?I did install Ubuntu on the external drive from the laptop but I have tried many variations including using 17.04 and installing from the desktop. Regardless of what I try (including many of the recommendations from this site) I am unable to get my external drive to boot from my older desktop computer.Any ideas are welcome.
Command or script to get user login details of last 6 months I need to get the details of the users logged in from last 6 months to analyze and to increase the cpu of my server. I'm tried the command last -a but it is not giving the complete results. Anyone please help me to get the details of users logged in from last 6 months.Thanks in advance!
Is there a stopwatch app available that shows the time on the sidebar? I am loving Ubuntu 16.04 and was wondering if there was an app that has a stopwatch in it. But I want it to show the timer on the side bar as time goes by.For example, I am studying and want to stop after 30 minutes. GNOME clocks does the job but I have to keep checking every now and then. I was wondering if there was a way to display how much time has passed on the little bar on the left.Thanks for reading
Is there a stopwatch app available that shows the time on the sidebar? I am loving Ubuntu 16.04 and was wondering if there was an app that has a stopwatch in it. But I want it to show the timer on the side bar as time goes by.For example, I am studying and want to stop after 30 minutes. GNOME clocks does the job but I have to keep checking every now and then. I was wondering if there was a way to display how much time has passed on the little bar on the left.Thanks for reading
Scene builder does not open in ubuntu 17.04? When I open scene builder using eclipse. it is not opening why I do not know. I got the following error. please give me a suggestion.I showed installed path of scene builder in eclipse. window->preferences->JavaFX: /home/decoders/Downloads/JavaFXSceneBuilder2.0Error:failed to launch SceneBuilder. The error message was: can not run program \"/home/decoders/Downloads/JavaFXSceneBuilder2.0\": error=13, permission denied.
Intel Core M underclocking at 10% battery I'm wondering if someone could point out how I could go about stopping my Asus UX305FA running Ubuntu 17.04 on an Intel Core M from underclocking itself when the battery is low. It goes from the normal 950MHz - 1000MHz down to 400MHz - 500MHz range when the battery gets to 10% power remaining.I'm hoping I can just edit a file without having to install a heap of tools to do it. Help would be much appreciated!
Java or Ubuntu Bug? (Problem with Minecraft) As a lefty I wanted to change my Minecraft keybindings for walking to p, l, \u00f6, \u00e4 so that I have the mouse in the left hand. Then I realized a bug: If I press \u00f6 or \u00e4 to walk to the right or backwards I just don't stop walking when I have stopped pressing the button. I figured out this does not happen on Windows 10 so it has to be a Ubuntu or at least Linux thing. After some testing I figured out that these are not the only buttons that have this problem, all these have this problem: \u00f6, \u00e4, \u00fc, #, +. I am not quite sure if this is a Java or an Ubuntu bug. What do you think? Do you have any idea how to find out the issue or how to fix it?keyboard: Razer Blackwiddow Chroma, German versionGerman keyboard configuration on Ubuntu (and also Windows where I tested if this is a bug concerning Minecraft)Ubuntu 16.04 LTSXeon E3 1231v3Gtx 1060 from PalitOpenJDK 1.8Minecraft Version 1.12 if that mattersFeel free to ask me if you need some more information.
Is there some way that I can see performance in Ubuntu? I am a new Linux user. In Windows, I used to monitor and sometimes improve my performance by using a software called \"Advanced Systemcare\". Is there some kind of software like this for Ubuntu? or someway that I can monitor how the things are going?Thank You!
Backing up specific directory with it's content to remote location I'm running Ubuntu 17.04, hosted on ovh and accessed to remotely through PuTTy (Terminal only, NO GUI).My intention is to backup a single directory containing a running server, with all it's sub-files/directories towards a remote location where various backups would be stored (Up to a limit).How often?: At least every 24h.Remotely where?: Not sure, Some external service like Google Drive It may depend on how it's done. Free + More space is best.Restoration processes are unnecessary, all I'd like is for that directory to be sent to a remote location where it can later be manually examined/recovered in case of any damage to the main OS or files.I don't need to backup the whole system, just that directory and it's content.What I've already checked:Ubuntu's main guide for \"BackupYourSystem\" I still felt like I had to ask here as I'm fairly new.Some of the programs listed on that guide, and other tutorials which I wasn'tentirely convinced by.Could I get some advice on how to do this? I'm one week new to ubuntu. Thanks!Any further information needed I will gladly provide.
Installing persistent Ubuntu on USB flash drive alongside internal SSD with Windows 10 I have a laptop with Windows 10 installed on the internal SSD. I wish to install Ubuntu on a 64 GB USB 3.0 external flash drive. I already have a separate bootable flash drive with ubuntu 17.04 on it. When I go through the installation process the partition manager detects all my drives and partitions but refuses to let me install onto the external USB drive without modifying the SSD windows boot partition. Several years ago I had a set up where booting a machine without an Ubuntu 14 USB would take me straight to windows and booting with the USB would take me into a persistent Ubuntu 14 that behaved just like a normal internal drive installation (no file or program or setting loss like live versions). I wish to replicate this. Thank you for your time.TLDR; I have windows on an internal drive. I want ubuntu on a USB flash drive without touching the internal windows drive in any way. UEFI bios boot order is already configured.
Installing Ubuntu on Secure Boot locked UEFI I am trying to install 16.04LTS on an Asus X554L laptop. It previously had Windows 10, which became corrupted, and I had no desire to repair or reinstall Windows, and since I had been using Linux for almost 10 years now I decided to install Ubuntu on it (I also tried Debian). The installation can only be booted through UEFI, and it usually runs fine at first, but near the end it tells me that the installation of GRUB signed keys has failed.Options for Secure Boot, CSM, and boot override within BIOS have been locked out of the user's ability to edit. Secure Boot is enabled, and CSM is disabled. I am still able to boot the Ubuntu installer (not Debian), however the computer refuses to boot the OS after it is installed. The only related option I am able to edit is insert or delete \"Secure boot variables\" which are the proprietary keys Ubuntu is lacking to install GRUB onto MBR.Deleting all secure boot keys prevents the comptuer from booting the installers kernel, it just drops at the grub console
How to transfer files from remote ubuntu server to remote ubuntu server? I have tried TeamViewer, AnyDesk, NitroShare and by torrents to transfer my files to a new server. TeamViewer did not connect, NitroShare is for local computers and by torrents does not work because no seeds. I have tried with trackers but also did not work.Since I am desperate because I have 2 hours to migrate the files, I came for help here, if you have any method to transferI have also searched for similar questions but all are about local computersI use Ubuntu 16.04And is a 70GiB folder
help with image.dd file? I'm running MATE 16.04 on an ASUS X550LA and have a 2.1Gb file named \"image.dd\" type \"unknown\". I tried opening it but nothing happened.Running \"man dd\" in th terminal showed \"Convert and copy a file\"Can somebody please help me with :-1) What is it? 2) Is it necessary? 3) What effect would deleting it have?Three questions in one I know but they are linked.
Why does Ubuntu 14.04 LTS use a non-LTS kernel version? I only recently became aware that LTS wasn't just an Ubuntu thing - there's LTS kernel versions too. Yet the kernel version used (3.13) in Ubuntu 14.04 LTS is not an LTS kernel version. Is it considered unimportant whether or not a kernel version is LTS?
diablo 2 on Lubuntu I have a diablo 2 disc in my disk drive whenever I try to change the execute permission to anybody it Says Error setting permissions: Read-only file system. Help!   
canon LPB6000 installed on ubuntu 17.4 but doesn't work? Hy friends. I'm a beginner in Linux, I was on windows so I'm completely lost ! I can't find where is the problem with the printer installation ! After 3 days of research on Internet I finally could install canon LBP6000, it appear on printer localhost but doesn't print the job !!!I need an answer please cause I don't wanna come back to windows I've a report to achieve.Thank you.
canon LPB6000 installed on ubuntu 17.4 but doesn't work? Hy friends. I'm a beginner in Linux, I was on windows so I'm completely lost ! I can't find where is the problem with the printer installation ! After 3 days of research on Internet I finally could install canon LBP6000, it appear on printer localhost but doesn't print the job !!!I need an answer please cause I don't wanna come back to windows I've a report to achieve.Thank you.
I used the updater on ubuntu 14.04 and when I restarted, it still shows 14.04 and Chromium no longer works, how do I get 16.04? I have a Dell Inspiron 3552 that came with ubuntu 14.04.  I used the updater to get updates (hoping to get 16.04) and when I restarted the computer, following the prompts, it still showed version 14.04 and Chromium no longer works.  how do I get the 16.04 version and should I scrap Chromium and download another browser?
Single-click to open applications in Ubuntu Gnome 16.04.2 Was just wondering if this was an option in GNOME anymore. I know they were taking away settings like crazy there for awhile (hell I even had to use the console to add minimize and maximize buttons back to my desktop-- crazy), and I wouldn't at all be surprised if they got rid of it. I'd appreciate any input, thanks! 
how to install inspircd on my ubuntu version 17.04 server from the usb drive I have installed ubuntu server version 17.04 on a desktop.  I want to install inspircd 2.0.24 on the server and I have it on a thumbdrive..what is the command to tell linux to get it off there and install it?
Live CD not writing I'm trying to put a operating system live CD onto a flash drive but I keep getting an error saying something happened and could not finish writing on to the drive. I've used unetbootin, Ubuntu live CD maker and another genetic form of simular to Ubuntu's naive live CD maker. What am I doing wrong?
Ubuntu installation on old laptop : This kernel requires an x86-64 CPU, but only detected an i686 CPU I am using a mac to create a bootable usbAdditional Bug report : While using UNetbootin it did not show any of my files in any folders instead i have to search the particular fileLaptop model number : Asus ee pc 1015cx-blk024wI tried changing the bios settings and to enable intel VT-x/AMD-V but there is no such option Can anybody tell me a workaround?Also is this distribution is not suitable for this laptop please tell me the list of distros that will work on this laptop
Ubuntu slow on old laptop with some non working keys I put ubuntu 17.04 on an old laptop that i want to donate to somebody as windows was already slow on itlaptop was very slow after installing ubuntu especially the animations so i disabled them all. still its a little less than usablei have my backspace key and underscore/hyphen key not working (this is the primary question) and i want to know how do i remap them to pausebreak and insert keys (since i can't know their key codes what should i do?)also can i disable some more features so as to make it a bit more usable or should i consider lubuntu
Change system tray icons My laptop's system tray currently looks like this:The icons of Mega and Telegram don't follow the style of the others \u2013 they aren't white.Where are these icons stored so I can change them?I use Ubuntu 16.04 with Unity.
Ubuntu 16.04 setup crashed, stuck in temporary guest session I just got my hands on a Dell XPS13 developer edition machine with Ubuntu 16.04 pre-installed.Once I turned it on the first time, setup started. I reached the wireless step, entered my WIFI key, and it crashed abruptly. It then started a temporary guest session to \"allow me to fix the problem(s)\". But now I am stuck in this temporary guest session and I am no able to do anything:I have no root privilegescannot create usersif I reboot, I get back hereAny idea how to get back to the setup or to fix this? Thanks! :DUPDATE: I have been chatting for one hour with the Dell support and, after trying a number of procedures, they directed me towards a clean install with the latest Ubuntu image (after installing with their factory image failed...). I am now trying to re-install the system without erasing it first. If that does not work I will erase and install a clean Ubuntu 16.04 copy. I have been assured by the support that doing this does not infringe any warranty terms. :)
pdf reader with Send By Mail option Is there any PDF reader which has a 'send by mail' menu option that can attach the PDF to an email (preferably Thunderbird)?
How close button in ubuntu works on clicking? Can any one tell when I click X button of any application how it works?
Bluescreen issues in windows 10 after dualbooting with Ubuntu I dualbooted Windows 10 with Ubuntu.But when i boot into windows i get a bluescreen after sometime stating PAGE_FAULT_IN_NONPAGED_AREA.What can be the cause?
How can I dualboot Ubuntu 17.04 with Lubuntu (to extend battery life)? I know this is not exactly considered a smart move by tech-savvy people like you guys, but I travel a lot and I noticed that using Lubuntu's lightweight environnement helped with battery life. A lot. And sometimes all I need is a word processor, nothing else. I tried installing LXDE desktop but ended up with a very messy desktop...(I'm not an expert).My dream configuration would include the option to choose between OSs at startup and a shared partition.
Need authentication on OS startup assistance Is it possible to set an authentication on boot-up? If the authentication failed the device will be restarted. Authentication can be anything like system identity, e.g. Mac ID.
Remove duplicate mails from mailing list If I write to a mailing list, some people reply to the list and additional put me into CC.This way I receive the reply twice:once via mailing listonce via CCIn thunderbird I would like to see the mail only once, not twice.Is there a way to achieve this goal?
recover from lost /home I am struggling to do this after a disk failure where my /home partition is held. I am unable to login on my original system but can use a live USB. I have the original 16.04 system on a separate disk. Duplicity backup of /home on another disk.I have created a new partition for my new home but do not know how to continue. I am not afraid of a fresh install if necessary, but since I have a backup do I need to? Edit: no need for fresh install, the two answers below got me going, once I followed them exactly. I had everything I needed to reinstate my /home/user on a fresh partition. 
Screen tearing on Nvidia GTX960m I recently bought MSI GP72 7QF (i5-7300HQ + Nvidia GTX960m) and I am experiencing annoying screen tearing after installing Ubuntu 17.04. I have the latest Nvidia driver installed (384.59), but it's still tearing. I guess the problem is PRIME synchronization.How can I fix it?
change home directory only when connecting with FTP I'm working on configuring a vsftpd-server for ubuntu-16.04.2-server.I have set up a working configuration with user restricted access and a restriction on the upper directory, but I still want to change one thing.<br>Instead of being brought to a user's home directory I want the home directory to be different when connecting with FTP, without changing the actual home directory of the user.the directory I want to have set as my home directory is a sub-directory of the home directory of a userThanks in advance, if any other information would be needed, please ask
Ubuntu 17.04 does not connect to internet After a fresh install of 17.04 on LG latop, PC connects to Wifi correctly but can not access to the internet.I tried 2 different Wifi 'sPC connects correctly to NAS on network PC connects to Router's web page.Update: Problems persists using Ethernet ( Wifi is Off )What can it be ?PC is LG Laptop 2 core Dou, 2GB of ram, 80GB HD ( OLD but working properly )
troubles with dual booting windows 10 and ubuntu 16.04 i am running Windows 10 and am trying to dual boot with Ubuntu 16.04.  I have followed everything correctly i made a boot-able USB and shrunk my partition and done everything else.  I can load into Ubuntu and install it but after installing it and restarting i cant load back into the account i made and have to go through the whole installation process again.   
ubuntu not booting! Well thanks a lot everybody for help. I played around with my computer and installed Ubuntu in UEFI. I have never seen such an energetic forum. But now, there is another problem. Sorry :PNow in my boot menu I have 3 options:Windows boot managerLinus something. I figured out, it only appeared if when my bootable usb was plugged.ubuntuWell, a good new before, i successfully installed ubuntu and it asked me to reboot. When I did so and clicked on the 3rd option, it booted into windows. When i clicked 2 and tried to use try without installing, it says \"Unable to find a medium containing live file system\"What should i do?Thanks in advance and sorry for bothering u guys
how to simulate any command to see what would happen before actually executing it? I would like to know how to simulate a command before running it, to see what the output would look like.
Convert Website to PDF (recursively) Is there any way to convert a web page and its sub pages into one PDF file?
Screen brightness of Dell desktop monitor I am a new user of Ubuntu. It was pre-installed in my new Dell desk top. I am very happy with Ubuntu. But I am having a problem with the brightness of the screen. I am not able to reduce the brightness using the slider in System settings > Brightness and LockMy system specifications are as follows:Ubuntu 14.04 LTSProcessor: Intel pentium (R) CPU j3710 @ 1.60 Ghz x 4Graphics: Intel cherry viewOS type: 64 bitDisk: 972.9 GBMonitor: Dell E1916HVI checked the following folder:Computer > sys > class > backlight > acpi_video0The 'backlight' folder has only one folder inside it: acpi_video0Is it normal to have only one folder in the 'backlight' folder? I think the folder for the graphics card is missing, and it is causing the brightness. Currently I am adjusting the screen using the following command at the terminal:xgamma -gamma .75Please advise me how to solve this problem in the normal way. Thanks 
Understanding root access better I'm attempting to save a .sh file to usr/share/blueproximity and I'm being told that I don't have sufficient permissions. sudo id says uid is 0. Any help would be greatly appreciated. I'm fairly new at Linux, thanks in advance. 
which port to allow through ubuntu firewall I'm networking Win PC's with a ubuntu computer.  ubuntu has no problem seeing, accessing files and printing through the Win PC.  However, Win PC was not allowed to access the ubuntu computer until I disabled the ubuntu firewall.  After that, all is well.I want to enable the firewall and have installed gufw to allow limited access to the ubuntu computer.  WHICH port or ports do I let through the firewall.
maas node failed commisioning , failed to connect node via ssh I setup MAAS server and configured images, networks, nodes and started commissioning.The nodes started POWERED ON, PXE booted successfully and in the console it is showing login prompt.From MAAS server it is still showing status as commissioning and after sometime it is showing commissioning failed'and maas.log showing timeout , i tried to login via ssh via public key but throwing connection refused.HERE i didn't configured JUJU server to MAAS server , is this the reason for not connecting the node from maas server using maas public key 
Searching source of Malware in Chromium extensions I installed chromium for Ubuntu. Last night when I opened it up I got some freaky malware thing, warning me to redirect myself somewhere. It occurred not long after I added some extensions from the chromium store, so I'm guessing it might have come with one of them. So I removed chromium. Knowing that I'm completely computer illiterate, (so please go easy on me),;If I reinstall chromium again,will all the add ons still be there? ie the apps and extensions?If so,should I just delete them all, or are there steps I should/could take to see if there is a bug in them?
Ubuntu 16.04 with Linux 4.4.0-83, is it outdated? I am a new to Ubuntu with 1 month of experience and I really like it. I am a web developer with Windows environment background. Since my new employer using Linux as their servers (Redhats and Ubuntu), so I take initiative to experience myself with Linux environment and thinking to fully switch from windows environment to Linux environment via Ubuntu. Even my manager using Linux but not sure which distro he is using.My question is, my laptop (Acer Aspire E15) currently set to dual boots with Windows 8.1 and Ubuntu 16.04 with Linux 4.4.0-83. Is it outdated and I need to update to newest version or still relevant just continue to use it?Below is my result when query : uname -mrs<blockquote>  Linux 4.4.0-83-generic x86_64</blockquote>--The story how I get to this version--My 1st set up was Ubuntu with Linux with Linux 4.8.0-58-generic. I found out that this version couldn't let my laptop connect to the wifi. I already forget what I do because there were a lot of try with several method and solution but it is seems to no avail. Until one day I discovered Ubuntu with advance boot. I try the lowest version which is Ubuntu with Linux 4.4.0-83. Thank god that this version can connect to Wifi.Thank you everyone!
Ubuntu 14.04 mouse and keyboard focus different windows I'm using Ubuntu 14.04.5 LTS and my mouse and keyboard are behaving weird after login today and after opening one window (firefox, nautilus) and then the terminal (terminator). Mouse and keyboard are both focusing different windows and I cannot click another window or the unity logo, just the window the mouse has focus on.Info:It worked seamless for a good month and this behaviour happened just today.Last thing I installed: WineLast settings I changed: Set gedit as default editor with Ubuntu TweakKeyboard: Logitech K270Mouse: Logitech M705Happens with laptop touchpad, too.Happens on Unity and Gnome.Rebooting does not fix this problem.Cannot upgrade Ubuntu because I need to use ROS indigo.I found other threads, where people had focus problems, but it was due to using gamer mice. And as I said, everything worked before.Is there an easy way to fix this behavior? I cannot think of any cause and can barely work on Ubuntu like this.Any help is appreciated.
Remove duplicate mails from mailing list (IMAP) If I write to a mailing list, some people reply to the list and additional put me into CC.This way I receive the reply twice:once via mailing listonce via CCIn thunderbird (Ubuntu) and K9 (Android) I would like to see the mail only once, not twice.Is there a way to achieve this goal?I think a solution plugin for thunderbird won't help, since if I don't start my ubuntu PC, the thunderbird plugin can't clean up, and I will see the duplicates in K9.I access the mails via IMAP.
Automate MATLAB and LTspice I'm using MATLAB and LTspice. I have to write a script to automate these two softwares in such a way,  1. Output file of the MATLAB is feed into LTspice. 2. LTspice output results are inserted back into MATLAB file.How to script these automation ?
Opera for dual boot Windows 10 & Ubuntu 16.04? I'm using currently more Opera than FF, I think with FF, you can use the same profile directory so both Windows 10 &amp; Ubuntu can use the same configuration/history, etc. Is it possible to do the same with Opera? I tried the net but found nothing, can you please point me to the right direction? Thanks for your help.
Need help getting ASUS USB-AC53 Nano (USB wifi adapter) working on Ubuntu 16.04 Very much a noob but I am trying to get this wireless wi-fi adapter to work on an old computer my sister uses.  Old wireless wifi adapter was an ASUS but it died.  Any step by step help would be appreciated.  I have computer on a wired connection currently.  Thanks.
remote Ipython notebook There is a powerful computer(Ubuntu in it) in our office. We want to use ipython notebook using power of that computer. That PC owner also uses Ipython on it. I have tried to connect via ssh, but something goes wrong. I used MobaXterm to connect. Who knows how to do it? <br>P.S. Is there any way to do it live code for local PCs, using Ipython (not needed, will be awesome to know it) 
remote Ipython notebook There is a powerful computer(Ubuntu in it) in our office. We want to use ipython notebook using power of that computer. That PC owner also uses Ipython on it. I have tried to connect via ssh, but something goes wrong. I used MobaXterm to connect. Who knows how to do it? <br>P.S. Is there any way to do it live code for local PCs, using Ipython (not needed, will be awesome to know it) 
Android emulator independent of Virtual Box/VM-ware capability While searching for an Android emulator I found \"Genymotion\" or \"AndroVM\" which I can't use because my Laptop is not capable of running virtual machines.  I need an emulator independent of VM's like Virtual Box, prefer options like GPS or Android device configurations.
What is the checksum value for kubuntu-16.04.3-desktop-amd64.iso? Running WinMD5Free v1.20 said it's not matching current 8d8413fe8d7ca81bdab86180e8d5386eWhat is the checksum value for kubuntu-16.04.3-desktop-amd64.iso?
How to get special characters on keyboard input? I am taking a latin class, and I need to be able to type latin on my keyboard. Due to the fact that latin uses all the characters in english, it's been fine so far, but now I've run into a problem.I need the characters \u0101, \u0113, \u012b, \u014d, and \u016b to be easily accessible via the keyboard (e.g. Alt+A to get \u0101, or something of the such).How can I do this in Ubuntu?
How to find aliases? Where can I find a list/file of all aliases created in Ubuntu 17.04?I mean shortcuts for commands most frequently used and more.
How to delete KDE activity I don't know why, but I made an activity.Anyway, how can I delete it?
Can't log in normally or through tty after changing Nvidia Graphics Card I switched from a 1070GTX to a 1080TI a week ago. And while I did all the steps necessary for the switch on Windows, I forgot to do anything on my Ubuntu partition.I tried to log in today and well I couldn't. I got a black screen. I tried to log in to tty1-7 and while I was able to get the login prompt there the computer didn't take inputs after that.I then tried again in recovery mode GRUB->ADVANCED OPTIONS->UBUNTU 16.XXX (Recovery).I went through the resume boot option and the same thing happened.I tried the Graphics Failsafe Mode or something like that and I got a screen with messages scattered, the last of these was something like \"Nvidia Persistence Daemon STOPPED\". It was unresponsive though and I couldn't get into a tty log in prompt.I don't know where to go from here. I'm ok with nuking the system since I'm upgrading motherboard/cpu in a week or two, but I have data in there that I'd like to rescue from the low orbit attack I'll be doing. I can still log into windows but I can't rescue anything in the User folder for some reason. I think it's possibly encrypted.In any case, any help would be appreciated.
My touchpad stops working when I type I have a Thinkpad, and I just installed GNOME ubuntu onto it. I want to play minecraft, but whenever I move, I can't move the mouse! I've been looking all over the web for an answer, but I never got one. So can someone please help me?
ubuntu 14.04, Vostro 3559 Strange audio problem I have a strange Sound problem. After every boot up my Sound works fine until I plugged in the headphone. After I plugged in the headphone the Sound works for a shorter time and then gets stops working. I tried to reload the alsa but no use. Now the Sound is not working from both headphones and external speakers. Below is the list of playback devices.**** List of PLAYBACK Hardware Devices ****card 0: PCH [HDA Intel PCH], device 0: ALC3234 Analog [ALC3234 Analog]Subdevices: 1/1Subdevice #0: subdevice #0card 0: PCH [HDA Intel PCH], device 3: HDMI 0 [HDMI 0]Subdevices: 1/1Subdevice #0: subdevice #0card 0: PCH [HDA Intel PCH], device 7: HDMI 1 [HDMI 1]Subdevices: 1/1Subdevice #0: subdevice #0card 0: PCH [HDA Intel PCH], device 8: HDMI 2 [HDMI 2]Subdevices: 1/1Subdevice #0: subdevice #0
Help Needed: Facing Issues in ISO to bootable USB conversion When I try to create bootable USB stick for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, after conversion one or many of the following happenNo files are seen in the flash drive.I get 'the file is corrupt' message.The flash drive space remains occupiedFlash drive isn't recognized by the computerI have tried using different, completely new, undamaged flash drives. Upon using Rufus I get a message, \"Access denied.\"Please guide me resolve this issue.  Thanks for the help. 
Does oracle xe 11g support with apache2, php 7.0 on ubuntu 16.04 (64 bit)? Does oracle xe 11g support with apache2, php 7.0 on ubuntu 16.04?Please help me, I have already installed oracle xe 11g, apache2 and php 7.0Surely i must activate oci8 in php 7.0Please tutorial step by step thank you
Device driver for Epson V600 Perfection I have downloaded Epson's iscan-bundle-1.0.0-x64.deb and run sudo ./install.sh.  The script runs without errors.  However, the device driver does not get installed.  As a test I ran Simple Scan and it says to install the device driver.  Iscan says it cannot send commands to the scanner.What am I missing?Thanks,Hugh
How can i \"spy\" on my second dual monitor output from the main screen? I have a dual monitor setup, but have no way to view the second monitor screen, unless i leave and go into a different area of the building, how can i view the contents of the second monitor output on my main primary screen?Ideally i would like a live desktop background of my second monitor always playing as the default desktop image, but I could see using an app like VNC, VLC, but i presume this would put alot of overhead on my already busy CPU. Is there a more direct tap method, i.e. something i can just route the actual raw monitor feed to a tandem/slave viewer?Thanks!
website is not showing my wordpress site, Hello guys i have made website through Google Cloud with Bitnami wordpress config.After i installed Mod_pagespeed through SSH. My website is only showing Debian default page. And I am pretty confused because it is not showing my wordpress website. and running this command shows this sudo /opt/bitnami/ctlscript.sh restart apache Unmonitored apacheSyntax OK/opt/bitnami/apache2/scripts/ctl.sh : apache not runningSyntax OK(98)Address already in use: AH00072: make_sock: could not bind to address 0.0.0.0:80no listening sockets available, shutting downAH00015: Unable to open logs/opt/bitnami/apache2/scripts/ctl.sh : httpd could not be startedMonitored apacheand my directory is on /opt/bitnami/apps/wordpress/ but website directory is on var/www something. 
I'm looking for materials or links about cross-compiling, like eabi, etc I'm looking for materials or links about cross-compiling, like eabi, etc. I'm new to Linux-based cross-compiling, and I want to develop my knowledge.
Disable USB Mass Storage for root user I want to disable USB access to root and enable it when it is required.I need to restrict users to copy and paste anything using external drives.Can anyone help me on this? 
Ubuntu bootup and shutdown error of nouveau I have a i5 7th gen laptop having 8gb ram and 2gb nvdia geforce 920mx graphics .I recently installed ubuntu 16.04 and have a black screen coming up during every bootup and shutdown showing fifo shed error 20 and also during bootup there is a message showing failed to claim resource 1 I have just started using linux so consider me as a begineer and try to give me the solution in detailed mannerNouveau Error is also seen
Shell scipt array output I wanted to know how to echo the last value of an array in shell script.for example I have the following array\" <blockquote>  $i=(\"1\",\"2\",\"3\")</blockquote>and I wanted to set a condition at the last position, meaning that when it gets on position 3 it stops or it says \"hello world\".How can I do that?EDITthe shell is shell script as in #!/bin/sh
Keyboard switched to Arabic Hello I am very concerned. I was just typing characters into google and my computer lagged a little bit and changed to arabic for a solid minute. I was trying to figure out what keys I pressed to cause this or it just happened on its own. After that minute the computer lagged and it switched back to english. Is there some computer shortcut that does this language switching or should I be concerned that someone out there is monitoring my use of this computer? FYI, I have a thnkpad t410 and on Ubuntu 16.04 loving it :).
problem installing mysql-server - There is a MySQL server running i tried to replace mysql with MariaDB, removed, installed, removed, installed again mysql and i am stuck now when i try to reinstall mysql  <blockquote>  sudo apt-get install mysql-server</blockquote>with this message:There is a MySQL server running, but we failed in our attempts to stop it.Stop it yourself and try again!But there isnt any mysql server running:<blockquote>  ps -ef | grep mysql     xxxxx    13881 13041  0 00:59 pts/6    00:00:00 grep --color=auto mysql</blockquote>Any idea how i can solve this problem and install mysql again?
Will the stuff on my bootable drive save on the drive? I am new to linux, and ubuntu was the first thing I downloaded. I want to know that if I download something, i.e. Google Chrome, will it save if I restart my laptop or if I put my flash drive into another computer?I use Ubuntu 16.04 64 bit on a bootable flash drive.
Have a question about dual booting? I just recently purchased a new laptop, a Dell Inspiron 15-3567. It has an core i3 processor, 6 Gb of ram, and 1 Tb hard drive. I wanted to dual boot windows with ubuntu 16.04.3, but have run into some issues.Now, first thing i did was, is I went into the BIOS and went to change the boot sequence, because i was going to run ubuntu from a disk. I changed it to UEFI secure boot off, made sure the legacy boot was off, and then applied changes and restarted. Once I restarted, I went back into the BIOS and I set it to boot from the disk drive. It restarted and then booted into the ubuntu disk. Everything was working fine, I did see however that it said hardware issue, when the disk was first initializing, but it seemed to boot fine and brought up the try free or install ubuntu prompt window. So, I hit install ubuntu and went through the motions, because I was sure it would tell me soon that I already had a os on the machine and what would I like to do. So, when I got to that prompt, it said that ubuntu didnt detect any os and how would i like to proceed. Well, I canceled the install, and then backed out and shutdown the laptop. Once i rebooted, I went back into the BIOS, and changed the settings back, and I still have my windows 10 that came on the laptop; so I'm thoroughly confused on how that happened. Anyone know what Im doing wrong ?
Ubuntu 16.04 running on Acer Aspire ES1 571 I am trying to purchase a mid-range laptop which will be used with Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. Not an easy task in my country (Hungary) since it is practically impossible to get Ubuntu-preinstalled laptops here.Does anybody have experience with the Acer Aspire ES1 571 series on Ubuntu 16.04?installation tricks necessary (if the Ubuntu installer fails on it by default)which hw components don't work at all after a default installwhich hw components work after a default install but only badly (e.g. low wifi performance because there are no proper drivers for Ubuntu but works normally under Windows)Many thanksEspecially see comments in Answer 1.
How can I change the character limit of the search entry in the WhiskerMenu? I'm using Ubuntu 16.04 LTS and like to put my searches directly into the Search entry in my Whisker Menu on Xfce4, but there's a limit of using only 14 characters in the search.Is there a workaround or a configuration for this?
Is there any way to set up pin or password for a directory and file in ubuntu? I wanted to lock any directory with a password, is it possible to set up pin or password for any directory or file without using third party tools like cryptkeeper.
How to force ICMP to run through TOR? As far as I know, ping send ICMP echo request to host. And ICMP is the layer 3 of OSI model.But TOR use TCP , which is the layer 4 of OSI model.So ping can't be run through TOR normally.But here is the question, How can I run ping requests through TOR by force. Is it possible?
Showing error unknown filesystem after i deleted the linux partition fron windows I installed Ubuntu Gnome from unallocated space. And later I deleted the unallocated space and made a disk partition in windows. After that i cant log into my laptop Lenovo G50-45
How can I make the display size smaller than the actual physical screen size? How can I make the display size smaller than the actual physical screen size?Hello,So the size of my laptop screen is about 13 inches.I actually want to make the display smaller than the screen size.So I am trying to create a thick black border around the display.Is it possible to do this in Ubuntu?Vesa
Executing scripts after start X server I need to run a 24 by 7 batch program. On power failures I already configured Ubuntu Server 14.04 to power up as soon as energy is back, auto login and start the program.The process is based on GPU power and get better results with overclock. I was able to do it configuring xorg.conf and executing xinit. When I do that, the screen go white and the command line disapear. I used a remote SSH client to execute \"overclock.sh\" and start the program and it worked.My question is that as I won't be able to use the remote client every time, how can I execute others scripts after executing xinit?CRTL+ALT+F1 return to command line, but how use that on startup script?I would like to execute on startup:  - xinit; - overclock.sh; - start_program.sh;Update 08/27/2017:Right now, I'm understanding more what is happening:I'm in the console environment tty1.When run \"xinit\" it open a rough screen on tty7.By pressing CRTL+ALT+F1 I go back to terminal tty1 but is stucked on the \"xinit\" command. That is why, the .bash-login script don't execute any other command after.By pressing CTRL+C it stops the tty7 environment and the overclocked don't work.Now the most strange part: If I press CTRL+Z, I return the control, the overclock works, but when I run the program, only GPU0 start to work.Also tried \"setsid xinit &amp;> /dev/null\" and again, everything seens perfect, but only GPU0 work.7 Another approach: in the rough screen, tty7, I click with the mouse on the upper command line, type overclock.sh and it works. All 8 gpus work nicely. This seems to be more closely to be the answer.How can I make a batch file to execute commands soon as the tty7 go up?Update 08/28/2017:I solved. The magic was study the xterm called from xinit. It receive the parameter -e \"command\". Put the script as command.
How to get screen output from a background python program I'm running a home heating system monitor on a BeagleBoard xM (arm7) using Ubuntu 16.04.2 and Python 2.7.12. My Python program auto runs on boot via a cron job. The board runs headless. I access it using WinSCP to get my data file and Putty to check on things. Everything is working fine, but I would like to have my current sensor readings auto print to a screen. I'm not sure how to do this, since my program runs headless in the background. By screen, I mean either a small hdmi monitor I could attach to the board (in which case it would be in a different session without a keyboard) or a new terminal session I would start via Putty.So, my question is there a way to get screen output from a background program automatically to a screen in a different terminal session?
How to install multiple versions (5.5.xx and 5.7) of MySQL in Ubuntu 16.04? I want to use MySQL multi version(5.5.xx and 5.7) in my desktop.I installed mysql 5.7 using apt-get<blockquote>  sudo apt-get mysql-server mysql-client</blockquote>How to install mysql 5.5 and run multi mysql version?
Is there a way to always keep num pad on? I never ever turn num pad off, it's always an annoyance to turn it on once the system starts, or when I turn it off by accident.Is there a setting to keep it on always and ignore num lock presses?I am using Ubuntu 16.04
How to resize a window with Compiz? I would like to resize and place in the specific location a specific window using Compiz via command line or Java package.On the input I would like to set tuple for top-left cornertuple for width-height sizeID of window to update It is possible?
Virtualbox Ubuntu 17.04 cannot connect to the internet I upgraded Ubuntu 16.04 LTS to 17.04 last two days ago. Ever since, I've been trying to connect to the internet, tried to change the 'bridged adapter' under setting > network. left at \"NAT\" ( as default option ); still didn't work. I tried a few things that I saw on Youtube, but still is not connecting to internet. At some point, I noticed under \"VirtualBox Host-Only Network #2\" IPv4 was set to some random IP address within my subnet mask  (at least looked that way to me). I changed to DHCP hoping it would fix the issue. No luck. At this point, I have feeling that if for some one who is familiar with VM than I am, it might be just a few clicks and fix the issue. I seemed to cannot figure that out. Can someone shed some light on what should I do next please? 
Unetbootin .Deb with all dependencies needed Ok, so I did a fresh install of Ubuntu 17.04 Zesty. Me, being stupid like I sometimes am, didn't make a Windows 7 bootable USB. Windows was the only way I could get online(tether through pdanet). So I need someone to use an online Linux machine to apt-get the Deb package and dependencies for me so I can dual boot windows. It would be greatly appreciated being the other fastest way would be if I downloaded every single file one-by-one. Thanks!EDIT: question isn't about creating the USB itself. It's about getting the program and all dependencies in one go.EDIT 2: This isn't about making the usb its about helping me get the files on an offline machine with the only other device I have has android on it. I literally just need the deb files in an archive. I already know how to use the tools.
ssh remote access ubuntu I need to find other computer specification such as ram speed and processor speed like that using ssh remote access in Ubuntu terminal through the same network! How can I do this? Please help me to solve this problem 
Connect to wireless network with Ubuntu 17.04 I have a VMware virtual machine running Ubuntu 17.04. My PC is connected to my WLAN but the VM isn't in the network. I suspect that the network card isn't install on my VM. I can connect to LAN to install drivers but I can't always be connected.How can install the driver (if this is the problem)?
I want the night light applet from GNOME shell 3.24 I'm a Web Developer, working on my Ubuntu 16.04 and I want to update to Ubuntu 17.04 in order to install new gnome-shell version 3.24 just because I really want that new features such as the night light applet, I've tried using flux app but it doesn't work. I've searched for a working alternative but I didn't have any luck.
\"safely remove hard drive\" is not always enabled my ubuntu is not always has option to remove the drive safely. sometime there is option to remove it safely and sometime there is no option to remove it safely and its not only happening to one drive.how important we need to remove our hard drive safely? how to remove our hard drive safely if there is not option to remove it safely?
Sound output is being heard from microphone My issue is that when I plug in a microphone it acts like a speaker rather than as a microphone, and I can hear sound that the computer makes through it.I have an HP 255 G5 laptop running Ubuntu 16.04, it has one combined connector for both headphone out and microphone in.
Using Ubuntu as an SMTP server for Gmail Can anyone point me to a guide for using Postfix (or similar) to send email as an SMTP server for Gmail. I've had a solid search and come up empty handed.I have multiple domains and all the email terminates in Gmail, but Google changed their policy a while back to stop letting users send email from multiple domains - now they insist you have your own SMTP server. I have a Ubuntu VPS I use for web hosting, is there any reason I couldn't use it as an SMTP server for Gmail?
Read .mp3 files from an USB stick, is it possible? Is it possible to configure an USB stick (or a external disk) to access/use the hardware of my computer, which I know works, but can't be accessed/used by Ubuntu, to obtain an audio output up from the computer's jack to my ears? To read mp3 files and flac files.
Android connect bridge for Ubuntu I have a Marshmallow based Android smart phone. Most PC suites won't work on Ubuntu. Is there any integration possible between Ubuntu and Android. I heard about KDE Connect which connects Android to Ubuntu. I am not sure whether it will work since I am using stock Ubuntu + Unity, not KDE Plasma.Is there any trusted tool ( I have privacy concerns ) which can link an Android Smart Phone with Ubuntu ? Thanks.PS : I prefer using a WiFi network for the integration
On Kubuntu, how do I install my Samsung ML-1640 printer? I installed Kubuntu on my laptop and now I want to install my printer drivers. I tried from System Configuration and by selected printers. Then, my laptop detected my printer, but when I searched for the driver, there was not driver for my printer (ML-1640) in the list.Can you help me to install the packages? I begin with Kubuntu, by the way.Thank you very much,Pierre-Olivier
Trying to install ubuntu 16 on new PC - 2.5 hours already? I just bought Intel i5-7500 with 8GB ram and 1TB disk and installing Ubuntu trough USB stick.It already passed the 2.5 hours mark and still telling me, it downloads packages. I already chose the media packages to download without the updates.Should it take so long to install? I also see Skip button, Should I skip it?
Removing default Virtualbox guest additions? I don't want guest additions. I have Virtualbox on a Windows host running Ubuntu 16.04 LTS as a guest. How do I make sure that all the guest additions are removed from the Ubuntu guest? I so far have run, in Terminal, these:<blockquote>  dpkg -l | grep virtualbox</blockquote>Which returned: unity-scope-virtualbox<blockquote>  lsmod | grep -io vboxguest</blockquote>Which returned: vboxguestAlthough it doesn't show up as having the typical virtualbox guest additions, the Ubuntu screen size still resizes to the virtual machine's window. Is that actually a part of Ubuntu or from guest additions?When first installed as a virtual machine, Ubuntu supports mouse pointer integration and screen (virtual machine window) resizing, which are typically from guest additions being installed. Is there a way to remove the vboxguest kernel module as well?Thank you.
Updated snes9x today, it crashes when I try to open a rom now I just finished updating snes9x on Ubuntu Mate 17.04.  When I try to open a recent game, it instantly crashes, leaving with me with no error message or anything.  I tried looking at the log, but I'm not sure what I'm even looking at there.  Is there a way to figure out what is causing the error or even chosing an exact version to install (the previous version)?  I'd love to not to have to start my game over again in zsnes (unless I can figure out how to load snes9x saved state).
How to remove a WiFi channel using terminal? When I use Ubuntu, my laptops can't see my WiFi network if it's on channels above 11. Both my laptops have the same issue despite the different hardware (one of the two was bought two months ago), but all the smart phones and Windows can detect the WiFi network, so it might be a problem with drivers, although I've tried using the open source driver and nothing changed at all. Therefore I turned to the solution of setting the channel myself.But limiting my connection to a single channel means limiting much of it, and having it slow at times. Therefore I had to put it back to auto and restart the modem multiple times, till it got the channel that would let Ubuntu detect it.After many tests I can say that the problem is any channel above 11. Therefore my question is: How can I remove those channels, in order to have the modem use only the first 11 channels?
Mysterious NTFS writes long after copying data to it I copied 50GB of Videos to my external  USB3.0 5tb HDD that uses one big NTFS partition. This worked as expected and with good speed.However, after it's done, there are audible write accesses to the disk for hours. If i disconnect the HDD and reconnect it, these writes just continue! After sitting it out for a couple of hours, it stops.What's going on? Should I be worried?Effects are reproducible under my Ubuntu 16.04. Same does not occur under Windows. If someone has a good idea how to debug/investigate this, let me know...
Ubuntu cannot detect operating system I have been having an issue with Ubuntu 17.04 hanging on the purple load screen and have only been able to fix the issue by changing to legacy/BIOS safe boot and selecting 'nomodeset'. Now when trying to install alongside Windows it says it cannot find the operating system, is this related to legacy boot mode? (Windows 10; AMD FX9800p; Radeon R7)
Allow X Packets per second with same data length - IPTables I need help, I need a rule to do this:If more then X packets received in second with same data length so drop them all.How can i achieve this using IPTables in Ubuntu?Thanks.
Browse Ubuntu Server 16.04 LTS Filesystem from a Ubuntu 17.04 Desktop I am afraid my Linux experience is very limited. Although not afraid to try new things ;)I have setup a 16.04 LTS Server and setup a few services.I would like to be able to browse the Server OS from my 17.04 Desktop. I have tried the other locations and trying the server IP but nothing ever happens.I can see my Windows based servers and shares as expected. My requirements ideally would be that I can use a GUI to browse files from the Server itself.I did a bit of a google but did not find anything obvious.Thanks in advance for helping this n00b. 
Add persistance on bootable flashdrive from the bootable flashdrive I am currently booted from Ubuntu on a flash drive.However, it doesn't have persistence. Is there a way to give it persistence while booted on it without reinstalling it?I don't have admin on the machine I am booting from, so I can't actually reinstall a version with persistence.I'm using vanilla Ubuntu downloaded from the website yesterday. I installed it with rufus.
Ubuntu is not deleted completely i deleted the partition of Linux in windows 10 and then change the boot sequence to windows boot loader but now what happens is that neither the partition is adding to another partition nor when I try to install Ubuntu 17.04 the pc do not boot from usb drive instead shows a option boot from Ubuntu 14.04 (previous one that I deleted).
RAID mode on XPS 9550 Recently I got a Dell XPS 9550 and have gotten Ubuntu to run on on it when I put the ssd in AHCI mode. However, I was wondering if it is possible to get ubuntu to detect the ssd when in raid mode which uses Intel RST I believe. By default using the installer bundled with ubuntu it can not detect the ssd using the raid utility built into the installer. Apparently, Intel RST is compatible with linux through mdadm, but I have yet to figure out how to get this to work. I was curious if anyone know how to use mdadm to be able to install ubuntu in raid mode and if not are there any real advantages of Raid mode over AHCI? Thank you in advance for any help!
Ubuntu cannot boot (stuck on black screen) I cannot find the answer to my particular case at the forums. I had successfully installed ubuntu 16.04 with dual boot windows 10. But, the problem is I cannot boot into ubuntu, at least not in a normal way.I can boot ubuntu from recovery mode (advanced option from grab menu), but every time I tried to boot it normally, I got stuck sometimes on a black screen. Sometimes, (after several reboots), I got to the ubuntu logo with progress dots, but I got stuck there again. One time I was successfully able to boot normally, I don't know why or how (I had been trying every solutions I can find over this problem), but after restart, I got stuck on the black screen again.Sometimes, some lines of code appear on the left top corner of the screen, and I got stuck there. No matter what I tried, I just cannot boot normally.Please help. (I am a newb and this is my very first attempt to install ubuntu, the only OS I am familiar is windows)
How do I make alt + tab cycle through individual windows only in current workspace in GNOME 3? I just tried GNOME for the first time and noticed that alt+tab does not cycle through individual windows, but rather by application. In addition, it cycles through all open applications instead of just the applications in the scope of my current workspace.How can I get alt+tab behavior that is similar to XFCE, where alt+tab cycles through all the individual windows, limited to the scope of the current workspace?I noticed that if I press the super, I sort of get this behavior, where all the windows of the current workspace are presented to me. But after pressing the super, inexplicably I have to press \u2193 before I can cycle through the windows, which is  really weird.
What is this error? ctrl+Alt+t is also not working <blockquote>  Error:GDBus.Error:org.freedesktop.DBus.Error.Spawn.ChildExited: Launch helper exited with unknown return code 1</blockquote>
Lost Partition After Installing Ubuntu 16.04 I used to dual-boot Windows and Ubuntu on my previous laptop and everything worked just fine. I got a new 500gb HP Laptop and after installing Ubuntu, I realized that about 100gb was missing. Ubuntu is allocated to 114gb and Windows is allocated to 256gb. I have no idea where the other space went to and I want to know if it can be recovered.
Show current desktop (workspace) in taskbar I currently use Compiz Desktop Wall to move between workspaces, but occasionally I lose my orientation when something automatically moves me to another workspace or I come back to my computer after leaving.  Is it possible to label workspaces so that the current workspace I'm in shows somewhere on the taskbar?  Either with text or an icon showing where on the wall I'm at would be great.  Does something like this exist?
Want to make space on my computer, show installed apps I don't need and can remove Please can you tell me how to see what I have installed on my computer, so that I can make a judgement call to remove some of the unnecessary programs.  I tried the following code    dpkg -l | grep ii however the number of installed programs just whizzes through the screen so fast.  Is there any way of halting it, or scrolling through the list.  Each up and down arrow I press simply shows me my previous commands. Then I would like some recommendations of what to remove.Thanks in advance.Vince.  
Looking for audio player which not scanning audio files My question is in the title.I try to find an audio player which does not scanning my music library, but which allows me to select some tracks in a folder (in a embedded browser) in order to read it. If it could also save the paths of my different music folders, it would be perfect. In brief, I'm looking for an old-fashion audio player.I've tested a lot of ones, but without success. Until now, under 14.04, I used Decibel-audio-player. It was definitely the lighter and the more useful audio player I have ever used. But, well, it is not maintained anymore. Yes, it is quite sad. :-(So, which other audio player can suit me ? Any ideas are welcome. It could be, if nothing else exists, a \"lot of features\" audio player with a dedicated plugin.Thanks a lot.
openssh-server can't connect remotely I've got a fresh install of 16.04.3 desktop with openssh installed.  I can connect to ssh on the same machine, but not across my internal network. ufw is inactive.The server host cannot be pinged by other hosts on my local network. It also cannot ping other hosts on the local network. The server host is able to be ping google.com, yahoo.com, etc.What am I missing to get ssh to work remotely?
What are the implications of installing WINE while booting from a liveDVD? For various personal reasons I want to use a liveDVD for some tasks which include playing a game that works with WINE.I will be using Ubuntu or Mint because I am most familiar with those.Questions are:If I install WINE will my Linux be like a Windows in the sense that I will be infected as easily as visiting a shady website or that my Linux will auto-execute viruses that are made for Windows? (The following paragraph is related to this.)I observed that Linux in LiveDVD is always in super user mode or at least doesn't require passwords for tasks. How can I change that to either require a password or to exit super user mode? Or if it's a liveDVD then will it remain that way?Finally if I install WINE and decide to play the game, will it break the NTFS drive the game was installed on in a Windows machine? I know it will probably break the game so I made another copy of it but both are on an NTFS drive.
Transfer all file and programs and settings to iso file I have one ubuntu machine which I installed on it programs and settings such as(MySQL,PHP,freeradius ) and I configured this programs.I developed freeradius management system on it so I want to export this system to iso file to be able to install it in another machine easily ,how can I do that ... 
Lightweight table editor I am looking for something like Sublime Text for tables. That is, when it encounters something with table delimited values (for example), the columns should be displayed aligned.Excel, Calligra Sheets or LibreOffice Calc are too heavy for me, I want simpler, lighter, faster and free alternatives.Update: The suggestions so far include spreadsheet programs that are able to do plotting and calculations. This is fine, but is also kind of overkill for me. I just need to edit the table, and aligned display. In fact, if Sublime Text (or any text editor, like Gedit, Geany) had a plugin that displayed columns aligned, that would be enough (perfect) for me.
Proper installation procedure for external Kubuntu install and rEFInd Given:A laptop (albeit a tablet in a laptop chasis) with an eMMC as an internal storage;Contains an existing Windows 10 installation (out of the box),A live Kubuntu USB stick and;A USB flash driveHow do you properly install:rEFInd (see below for more details)Kubuntu unto the USB flash driveProvided that the desired outcome and rEFInd behavior would be that:rEFInd automatically presents an OS (Operating System) as an option if and only if that OS is bootable / present, i.e. the USB flash drive where Kubuntu is installed is plugged inI have attempted to do the installation twice, and twice did rEFInd present an Ubuntu option both when the USB flash drive with Kubuntu installation is plugged and when it is not (presents screen with \"grub>\" when option selected with USB flash drive unplugged);First install, /dev/sdb (the USB flash drive, as sda is the live USB) was selected as the boot loader installation deviceSecond install /dev/sdb5 (the USB flash drive's EFI System Partition) was selected as the boot loader installation deviceHoping for some answers. Thank you.
Ubuntu mounts external ntfs drive as read-only? I am an infrequent Ubuntu / Linux user, only use it in case of major disaster (in this case Ransom-ware nuclear, but that's another story).So i booted up another laptop using Ubuntu from a USB-drive; inserted my external ntfs drive, and it gets recognized automatically, but if i try to create a new folder / drive anywhere, the \"file manager\" interface just closes down, and i have to launch it again (try again, rinse and repeat).This leads me to guess my ext.drive was mounted in read-only mode by default.Q1. How / where can i verify it is mounted in read-only mode?Q2. What's the best way to make it mount in read-write mode?
What is best Ubuntu for multiple usage? Hello Guys and/or Gals,I am new to the site and after searching it for a few hours i finally decided to sign up as i have some questions.I have a Windows 8.1 system and I would like to install Linux on it in VMware OS. I have never tried Linux before so I thought i would ask what is best version of Linux to run in VMware?I want to use it for rendering graphics, storage, teamspeak and other software.I do not want a dual boot system which is why I have vmware as I do not want it full time at this point.I also want to learn more about linux as when my windows 8.1 pc dies I will need a new os, and i am done with windows at that point.So is Ubuntu the best choice and is there only one version to choose from?Think that is all my questions for now.Thanks in advanceValshardreg
Server backdoor via Internet I'm installing a number of machines into an overseas site, and I am fearful that I might get cut out after the machines are up and running.I'd like to install a backdoor into Ubuntu server so I can gain access if I do get screwed over.Is there any way I can connect, without knowing the external IP address, without having the firewall forwarding ports etc?
Boot Issues: How to switch from USB to internal SSD (after installing from USB) I'm new to Linux, but just loaded and installed Ubuntu 16.04.2 on my nephew's HP Pavilion Laptop (15-n037ncl).Everything seems to be working fine except that the USB flash drive I used is now recognized as the primary drive, and I can't seem to figure out how to install and boot from the internal SSD. When I remove the USB drive and try to boot, it says there is no OS recognized.Any help is greatly appreciated. 
Having trouble running Steam I'm new to Ubuntu and have no idea how the terminal works. My main issue is Steam not loading and it keeps telling me to upgrade my system from 32-bit to 64-bit, but how?
Installation instructions for golang 1.9 into Ubuntu 16.04 I'm looking for the correct way to install golang 1.9 into my laptop that is running Ubuntu 16.04.Many thanks
Is the encryption passphrase presented on install required if I have a luks header backup? After installing Lubuntu 16.04 with LUKS full drive encryption and LVM I was presented with a long passphrase to record for recovery purposes. I'm assuming this is the \"true\" encryption key that my LUKS key / boot password unlocks. If so, do I need to record it if I am keeping a LUKS header backup on some removable media? I assume that with this passphrase all data could be recovered from the drive, even if the LUKS header was corrupted and no backup available. And that if this passphrase is leaked then all data would be up for grabs.Is this right?I just want to be sure I understand correctly what this passphrase is for and the risks / usefulness associated with it.
Enable AltGr in Xubuntu How do I set the 'Alternate Characters Key' to 'Enabled' in Xubuntu?As far as I can tell, the right alt key does nothing special in Xubuntu 16.04 LTS.  I\u2019m looking for an easy way to type special characters like;  \u00a2 \u00a9 \u201d\u201c  without hand-typing unicode.  What am I missing here? Thanks,Lance
Is it possible to boot a 64 bit ISO image with a 32 bit Grub2? I'm trying to make a USB stick with multiple OSs installed however wanted it to run on most computers so I made sure to install a 32 bit Ubuntu version. I also want to put a specific ISO on the end and add it as a boot option but the distro only comes as 64 bit. I tried to start up the USB on a 64 bit computer (but 32 bit Grub2 from the Ubuntu install) and tried to boot the ISO (after messing with the grub config) and I ended up getting a kernal freak instantly. I was wondering if it could be because a 32 bit boot loader was trying to start a 64 bit OS or if it's even possible. 
How to get Flash to play through HDMI I've had a litany of sound problems, in particular with Adobe Flash on Firefox. I can get most sounds to play through the TV speakers, which are connected to my Ubuntu laptop through HDMI, but I can't get Flash to do that. I can't right-click on Flash without crashing it. Just this last half hour, there was a period where Pulseaudio wasn't working, but Flash was still playing through the headphones, and then when I loaded another video Flash stopped playing sound while Pulseaudio started working again.How do I get Flash to play through HDMI?
Ubuntu installer seems to have broken my chipset raid array I have a Gigabyte GA F2A88XM-D3H Motherboard. Using the AMD chipset raid ROM, I had 3 drives set up as a RAID 5 and a fourth drive as the global hot spare. (I've had the array forever, yes I know chipset raid is not great, and raid 10 is better). I was running windows on the boot drive, and I got another hard drive to install Ubuntu 16.0.4. I removed the old boot drive, installed the new one, and left the RAID drives untouched. After installing Ubuntu, I noticed that the RAID drives were now showing up as individual drives. I went into the option ROM, and saw that while the RAID array is still in the array list, the drives are showing up as non-raid, single drives.I put the windows boot drive back in, and now I see that the RAID chipset is displaying 3 separate drives instead of the array.I'm a little surprised that in installing, it would mess with a drive other than the one its installing on. Any idea what happened? or how to revert it?
Converting media server to Ubuntu: Do I need to convert NTFS drives with movies? I'm a rookie in the Ubuntu world but want to learn.I have a media server running Windows 7: four physical drives containing movies. I want to convert the media server to a simple Ubuntu machine. The system drive is separate, so it's easy to change the operating system.My question is about the three other drives - they are NTFS. Is it OK to keep them like this? Do I need to convert them? They are almost full :) I guess I can back them up, one by one, to a temporary external drive if necessary...
Per Display fractional scaling in Gnome 3.26 As I am about to move to Ubuntu 17.10 after years of KDE/Plasma, I came to no conclusive answer if Gnome 3.26 will support per display fractional scaling.I am ware of the scale-monitor-framebuffer experimental setting but will it be possible to set monitor 1 to eg. 150% scaling and monitor 2 to 125%  and if so, where?
Live Linux with persistent Fails to boot I recently downloaded Lubuntu 17.04 and created live USB with Unetbootin from windows 10.Method I used is:Seperate USB partition to : OS(2GiB-FAT32) casper-rw(4GiB-ext4) home-rw(54GiB-ntfs) using Gparted on my Raspberry Pi B+.Set casper-rw file 100MB in Unetbootin and created live USBEdited grub.cfg and added 'persisent' (I'm not sure why persistent is off)Removed casper-rw fileBut after booting it, it runs into busybox. No single error message, just 'iniramfs>_'.I heard there is issue with initrd.lz itself when word 'persistent' is used in grub.cfg but there was no any answer, at least what I searched is....SO, the Question is :Is there any workaround for this? I need this USB to run lubuntu as soon as possible.And, why syslinux.cfg has word 'persistent' but why grub.cfg don't have it - although both are created by Unetbootin with persistent option?Please understand that my only Linux accessible is headless Raspberry pi, using VNC&amp;SSH. I already walked enough puting USB stick on Pi and my PC..EDIT: I fixed this issue via YUMI universal USB installer. No other method worked.
Is there a tool that comprehensively shows/manages all applications? I am looking for something similar to Syanptic for debian packages, but a tool that manages not only debian packages, but also installed appimages, flatpak, and snap.  I think it would be very nice to have just one tool/place to see and manage all that is installed.  The way it is now, when an app is updated, I can't recall how I previously installed it - Do I download the debian file, or the appimage, or the flatpak, in order to do the update?  So, I have to go hunting around in my system in order to know how I should handle the update.  So.....  Is there such a tool?  
Bootable recovery partition or DVD Does anyone have a recent resource on creating a recovery partition or a recovery DVD?  I have Ubuntu 16.04 with xfce4 installed and running just fine.Three choices:1)  A bootable recovery partition, and then clone the entire drive (empty primary partition, swap, and recovery partition) to DVD as a second recovery medium (preferred).2)  Clone to self booting, self installing DVD (second choice).3)  Customer preseeding an Ubuntu Desktop install DVD (also acceptable but it is quite intricate to get right).A base install (operating and uncompressed) is taking up 7 gb, so compresssion is a consideration if the entire recovery is to fit on a single DVD.Mondo sounded like a possibility, but I can't get it to install and run on Ubuntu 16.04.  Development within mondo has not progressed on mindi-busybox, and mindi-busybox is a required dependency.
Boot my Ubuntu external drive on every computer I have a problem, I installed Kubuntu on my 4TB external drive, and used it on my computer. My goal was to be able to boot it on every computer. The only computer I had at the time was a macbook and when I was starting grub an error message appeared, so I thought it was somehow related to the fact that it is an Apple product. But when I got back home, I tried the external drive on other computers, none of them worked and they all showed the same error message. I searched a solution with no success. The only thing I've found is something about video drivers. And, indeed, I had to install Nvidia's drivers in order for my computer to have a correct resolution, which could explain why it only boots on this computer. I haven't tried to change the driver and boot on another computer yet, but it seems to me the most obvious reason. All that brings me to my questions:Is there an universal video driver that could work with all GPU (Including the GTX1060 I have in the initial computer)?Is there a way to change the driver depending on the computer we are booting on?Is there another problem to you?Or maybe another way to solve my issue?Thanks for your time.
How do I connect my domain to my local Ubuntu Server? I already have purchased a domain and set up a local server now it's just linking them.I also have it configured so it uses a local IP 10.0.0.174, will I need to do anything else to change this so the registrar can link to a public one and how? What are the steps I should take? This is my first time hosting a website by myself. Also, any tips maybe? 
How to downgrade from Ubuntu 16.04.3 to 16.04? How can I downgrade from 16.04.3 to 16.04? I want to install Oracle Database 12c (12.1.0.2) on Ubuntu 16.04. The installation guide I refer to exactly Ubuntu 16.04. I'm having trouble running Oracle install scripts and there is an error message that these scripts must run at 16.4 and not 16.04.3 version (as I currently have). That's why I want to downgrade my Ubuntu. I am a new user of Ubuntu and hope you can help me with a light and hassle free proposal and instruction.I tried to downgrade my Ubuntu 16.04.3 to 16.04, but I would like to know if it is possible and how?
I have 2 EFI partitions on 2 separate drives. How do I combine them? I have a Dell 7567 laptop with 1 SSD and 1 HDD. SSD had windows installed in it.I'll explain step by step the sequence of eventsI tried installing Ubuntu but installation kept freezing at preparing to install which is the step before partitionsI decided to remove my ssd and then try to installIt worked and the install went ahead. I installed Ubuntu on the HDD. Also created a new EFI partition on HDD for Ubuntu.after that I put in my ssd again and now I am getting an error message upon selecting to boot to windows.I am getting Process1 Intialization failed stopcodeI think my partitions are messed up due to two efi which is the cause of this error (if you think it's something else please tell me)Please tell me how I can fix this. Ubuntu is running fine. But I need windows too.Is there any way to combine my two EFI partitions. I am open to loss of data. Please help.
I can't find my other HDD New Ubuntu user here... I have Ubuntu on my 250GB SSD and I have another 500GB on my laptop that Ubuntu can't find. I'm not sure where or how to start finding it.
Plasma shows themes, etc. as installed, though they are not and vice versa Running Kubuntu 17.04.When I try to get new desktop themes, etc. there is a mismatch between what system settings show and what get new things dialog shows. The get new things dialog shows several themes as 'installed'. But they are not. I remember installing some of them earlier and removing them later.How do I remove this mismatch?
Instruct Photorec to look for a specific file I want to recover a source code java  called prog.java using photorec, I have already enabled my custom signature to look only for .java files but it still produces too many files to search through.Is there a way to search for and recover only my prog.java?
HTTP2 on Ubuntu 17.04 not working I installed Ubuntu 17.04 on my PC, setup Apache with PHP 7 to work on some developments, but when I tried to setup HTTP2 on my Apache, it would not work because it's not setup for Apache running mpm-prefork and I cannot disable mpm-prefork because it's used by PHP 7, any ideas how can I get this working?Thanks.
Is there a way to improve Super+<Number> reliability? I'm very much used to the Windows+Number shortcuts from Windows. Unity allows me to keep this habit, but it doesn't work very reliably for me.The problem is that sometimes instead of switching windows, the currently active window receives the number input and then the unity search opens. After closing the search and undoing unwanted edits, the second time the shortcut always reliably works.At first I thought that I wasn't hitting the keys in the right order or not holding the Windows key long enough, but as I got slower and more careful over many weeks, the issue would not disappear.At this point, asking this question might be more time efficient than enduring this behavior (depending on the answers!).Is there a way to improve the reliability of this keyboard shortcut? It seems to me that some background listening service is asleep and misses the keys, because it always works the second time.
Ubuntu installation issues I am having Dell Inspiron i3 6th gen processor 4 gb ram and 1 tb hard disk with windows pre-installed in uefi mode.. Whenever I try to dual boot ubuntu in my laptop installation gets stuck at time zone selection zone. Please help. P. S. - I am connected to Internet while installing ubuntu
Having trouble booting from flash drive It's that time I boot a new OS on my system but I keep getting a \"not a COM32R image\" I wrote it on a half a dozen flash drives using two different computers using the l three different computers, and it doesn't work. I've been using Ubuntu 14.04.v what is going on? Both are 64bit systems and worked before, why not now?
Ubuntu 17.10 natural scrolling I have just updated from Ubuntu 17.04. Natural scrolling was not activated, so I turned it on in Settings -> Devices -> Mouse &amp; Touch-pad.But still not working... What can I do?
How to have grub auto-detect another Linux installation? I have just installed Xubuntu 17.10, and I have noticed that grub did not detect my previous Manjaro installation (which is still intact in another partition, I checked).How do I get grub to add Manjaro as booting option? Please provide easy-to-follow instructions, as I am a newbie.ThanksEDIT 1: I have already tried using sudo update-grub and sudo update-grub2, rebooting after using each one, and it made no difference at all. Moreover, I want to point out that at boot time I do not see the grub menu -- the screen is blank for a few seconds, and then Xubuntu boots normally.Edit 2: I don't know if this matters, but the filesystem of my Manjaro OS partition is btrfs
How to burn .iso file to external hard-drive I need to use an external hard drive, the same as a Live-USB,  I used to download an ISO file and burn/copy it's content to a USB using a software like unetbootin, but unetbootin does not detect a my external hard drive (a file manger do).If you know any way that I can try/install a distro without using a USB/CD I will be really happy to use your help 
How do i make it less orange? (ubuntu 16.04 with standard desktop) Can i change the colours in ubuntu 16.04 so that selected items become something less awful than orange? So it highlights things in blue or yellow or purple or green, or, pretty much anything except orange? 
How to update php without breaking dependencies [Lamp] Im currently running PHP Version 5.5.9-1ubuntu4.20 on ubuntu 14.04I want to update to php 7.1.10 but im not sure how to do it.Im also running mysql and phpmyadmin which I dont want to break.Are there important things to keep in mind so everything keeps working? When updating things im always scared to break dependencies is this a realistic fear or shouldn't I worry about it?
Remote GUI, Windows client, Ubuntu 16.04 server I need a GUI access to my remote Linux machine, from a windows laptop.To this end, I tried 2 methods as of yet:a) installed xrdp and tigervnc. It works but it's damn slow, plus I'm worried by the security issues (see below).b) ssh -X. This allows to have single X11 applications on my laptop, which would suffice, but strangely enough, it is even more slow than the full desktop with xrdp.So, I have a couple of questions:May you suggest alternative, quicker methods?What about security with xrdp/vnc? Can it be tunneled with ssh without further speed sacrifices? If yes, how to do it? If not, can I authenticate passwordless, with some ssh-like encrypted keys?Thanks a lot.
Which driver should I use for my RX 560 for gaming? I just installed 17.10 on my machine with a X4 950 (A320 chipset) and RX 560. According to the \"additional drivers\" tab none are in use and the only available option pertains to AMD CPUs, not GPUs. How do I get best performance?
How to call up high priority responsive terminal window, even if Xubuntu is hopelessly frozen I've been testing various systems on my pc, and from time to time, my Linux laptop freezes.On Windows, when this happens, you can press Ctrl+Alt+Del to bring up Task Manager and kill the process slowing the system down, no matter how badly locked up everything else was. I don't know how this was implemented; I guess it's like an emergency command, that forcibly reserves or steals some RAM from other processes.Some of the questions asked here have similar solutions to that, like cold rebooting, restarting only the GUI or \"kill mouse\" that kills anything you click on, but I don't like 'em. I want to make Ctrl+Alt+Del or any other hotkey, no matter what, bring up a \"working\" terminal with root privileges in seconds, so I have full control over my PC, no matter what programs are running or how much RAM is being used. It should be an emergency app that can be used any time with guarantee it will work. Is this even possible, and how should I do it?
What happened to the App Menu in Ubuntu 17.10? I recently upgraded to Ubuntu 17.10 and started noticing that the App menu for applications like Firefox, Thunderbird and others only show \"Quit\".Can somebody tell me how I can see the menus or make Ubuntu show it in the window itself, instead of the top bar?
Custom small sized wallpapers in Ubuntu 17.10 When setting a wallpaper in Ubuntu 17.04 I could choose from tile, zoom, center, scale, fill or span options. Where can I found option for 'center' wallpaper behaviour in Ubuntu 17.10?Background: I use two monitors with different resolutions. So I was more than happy to use small image as a wallpaper with white colour filling the rest of the screen. This was done through All Settings -> Appearance -> Look tab in Unity, where I could select option \"center\" and white colour to fill the rest.After updating to Ubuntu 17.10 I was not able to select my custom wallpaper from Background -> Wallpaper menu, so I went to the directory with the image and tried to \"Set as Wallpaper\" option in the menu, but it zoomed image to every screen resolution (it looks awful).So I wonder - How can I set wallpaper to be centred without zoom and to use plain white colour for all the space left?
Create wifi network in Ubuntu 17.10 How do I create a new wifi network in Ubuntu 17.10? In older versions there is an Edit connections option in the menu bar where you can create a new wifi network. But in Ubuntu 17.10 I didn't find this option.Without this create new wifi option I don't know how to share my internet using a wireless hotspot.The important thing is I am trying to share a wired connection via hotspot, not a wireless connection from hotspot. 
What are the differences between mod-wsgi and libapache2-mod-wsgi-py3? I am learning about virtual hosting. I have a Django project and need WSGI module. Reading multiple tutorials, I see that people install different packages of mod-wsgi, for example mod-wsgi and libapache2-mod-wsgi-py3. What are differences among them?Where should I read to know the differences of these similar packages? How do I choose one over another?
Can't install Xampp nor Lamp I'm a newbbie on Ubuntu, and I'm having a lot of trouble trying to get Xampp or Lamp to work.So I started trying to get Xampp, and I downloaded version 7.1.10, and I did everything I'm supposed to do: -ran chmod +x on the .run file, then I ran the file. The thing is, it installed in terminal(no interface opened like I saw in many videos), still, the installation ran smoothly. In the end, it said the setup completed sucessfully, and I went looking for the app everywhere but to no avail. I searched online but couldn't find anything that solved the problem.So I uninstalled and installed several times, never worked.Then I turned to Lamp. Again, setup the same way, thru terminal, in the end it even asked if I wanted to launch bitnami lamp stack, but then nothing happened. Again, no app, nothing.So, any help would be greatly apreciated!(I'm running Ubuntu 17.10, maybe that's the problem somehow?)
Geary signature image I found the signature option for Geary and I tried making a signature with an image. Referring to a file on my pc doens't work. When i paste the data-url from the image in the src box, it shows the image correct, but when I send the mail, the receiver gets the error 'filename of attachment not set' or equivalent depending on email client.Anyone an idea how to fix this?Kind regards
Upgrade from 17.04 to 17.10 on Samsung NC 10 80% of screen corrupted I have using various versions of Ubuntu over the 5 years on my Samsung NC10 netbook. This is a triple boot system which has Windows XP (the original operating system)  Windows 10 (which was an upgrade from Windows 7 ) and Ubuntu.apart from an issue with wireless networking not starting properly a few releases ago which has since been fixed without me doing anything everything has worked as expected so I have never needed to delve into the mysteries of terminal and Linux commands.However the upgrade from 17.04 to 17.10 has not worked as on booting up the system and selecting the Ubuntu option the  screen eventually stabilises with about 80% on the left hand side corrupted and the remaining 20% written correctly. I can select the drop down menu for shut down but  the pop up menu is obviously displayed in the corrupted bit. So I have to do a hard reset.Tips please on what to do next.
Can't change desktop environment from login screen in 17.10 I have been used to using that to change it, I've installed LXDE in the terminal because base Ubuntu 17.10 DE is making it a bit laggy for HP Stream 11. I need to change the DE but I can't see anything at the login screen to change desktop environment.
How can I stop Ubuntu Dock from extending to the edges? By default Ubuntu Dock in Ubuntu 17.10 and later releases always extends to the edges (top-bar-to-bottom if placed on the left or right and left-to-right when placed at the bottom) even when it's not filled with icons.Is there a way to prevent this behaviour (i.e. I want to make the dock-length flexible, as the number of application icons in the dock increases it should expand accordingly)?In other words, is there a way make Ubuntu Dock look like a \"proper dock\" instead of a side/bottom panel?
No sound in Ubuntu 17.10 I just installed 17.10 from DVD an I hear no sound. I have sound in Windows. I had the same problem with 16.04, and I had the change the grub from splash to radeon.audio.1. This was the solution. This donesn't work in this distribution. I have Radeon RX460 graphics and the sound comes from the HDMI port. Please help me, thank you in advance
How to upgrade lighttpd 1.4.33 to 1.4.47 on Ubuntu 14.04 I have installed lighttpd using:sudo apt-get install lighttpdHowever, the version installed is 1.4.33.How can i upgrade to the latest stable release which is 1.4.47?Edit: Looks like i can only upgrade to 1.4.45. How can i do that?
Komparator 4 No files shown I guess I'm just too stupid. But as I can't find any solution:I installed Komparator4 on 16.04. Never mind, which directories I choose to compare, always the are no results shown in the display. 
Is it possible to use bluetooth speakers with Ubuntu 16.04? This has been a bad surprise for me coming (escaping) from the Windows environment which I used for my whole life. A few months ago I decided to uninstall Windows 10 and install Ubuntu 16.04 to force myself to use AND start learning Ubuntu and its environment.But hey, I cannot use my bluetooth speaker (Marshall Woburn to be specific but brand/model doesn't matter from what I see). The description of my problem I would like to get help for is simple as that. There are bugs with the bluetooth part of this OS. Sometimes no device shows up in bluetooth device list. Sometimes it is listed there but fails to connect. Sometimes it connects but disconnects after some while.  It's been months I'm struggling with this problem to do the simple things like watching a movie or listening to music and I started to feel tired about this.Is there an official explanation about this bug or some fix for it? If we are depended to a bluetooth speaker, should we avoid Ubuntu 16.04?Thanks in advance.Kind regards, Tayfun.
Sublime text showing previous version icon When I search for sublime in the \"search your computer\" box, it shows the icon like this:Now when I open the application, the previous sublime text icon is shown as in image here:How do I replace the old icon with the new one?
I can not find ubuntu mini Where did ubuntu mini go? Did it change names or was it discontinued? Is there an equivelent? I just came from 14.04 and want to get current 17.10 but i need mini. Or is there an equivelent?I searched the ubuntu web site. But i did not see it.
Compatible Hardware for Ubuntu Budgie I am wondering if Ubuntu is compatible on my computer, here is the list of hardware on it:Brand: HPModel: Pavilion HPE h8-1214Motherboard:Gigabyte M3970AM-HP (Angelica)RAM: 10gb DDR3Chipset: AMD 970CPU: AMD FX-6100 6 Core 3.3GHzAudio: Integrated IDT 92HD89E Beats AudioVideo: EVGA GeForce GTX 550 Ti 2gbThis well be very helpful!
Unable to login after password change, having home directory encrypted I have ubuntu mate.I have recently changed my password using the passwd command. I know now that I have made a mistake because I also have my home directory encrypted with the previous password.Consequently after enter my new password at login screen it return me back to the login screen.Can someone please help me?I am able to enter to grub boot menu and shell, i am also able to log into guest user.Sorry if the topic is duplicate but I haven't found the same questionThanks in advance.
MaaS initial pxe boot failure can't find data-source, where is log? Built maas 2.2 on Ubuntu 16.04.  PXE boot my first machine so it will be recognized by MaaS. node PXE boots, but could-init fails to find data source and node hangs.I'd love to give logs, but there is no way to get onto the booting node, and I can't find any logs of interest.  maas.log, rackd.log and regiond.log have no information pertaining to this.  I saw a 2.1 post speaking of /var/log/cloud-init.log, but /var/log/cloud-init*.* doesn't exist.Does anyone know where there are logs that contain the target node information, or how to log into the hung node?Does anyone know why cloud-init can't find the data-source?
Ubuntu 17.10 powers off without going through the shutdown cycle When I shut my laptop down then it powers off almost immediately. It doesn't stop the services properly, and even firefox says it was shutdown improperly.I have tried 'init 6', 'reboot', 'shutdown', 'systemctl reboot'. It's all behaving the same.What can I do? 
Low Latency Kernel Downsides? I'm considering moving from stock Ubuntu to Ubuntu Studio.My only concern is the low latency kernel. I've looked into what exactly it is, and know it will be great for my audio work, but I am wondering if it has any downsides?Does it cause compatibility issues?Does it reduce the lifespan of my hardware?Basically I am aware of the pros of the low latency kernel, I just want to know what the cons are so I can make an informed decision.Thanks in advance :)
How are two wifi adapters handled in ubuntu 17.10 by default? The PCI wifi card in my laptop is rather underwhelming, and unti I fix it, or get an another one, I decided to use a USB wifi adapter that I found lying around.And I noticed that I can actually use both at the same time out of the box to connect to the same network. The question is, what happens if I don't disable the PCI card, which one is used by what? And if one of them fails to connect for some reason, does it switch to the other one? Also is there load balancing by default? That would be awesome.I'm asking all these, because I can't always carry the USB adapter around, and it would be really convenient if I didn't have to disable the PCI adapter every time I plug the USB one in.
How to avoid font packages not related to language designated I am upgrading from Ubuntu GNOME 17.04 to Ubuntu 17.10. As part of the new packages to be installed, I see a list of font packages on several Asian languages that I did not asked, nor were previously installed on my computer because my system language is English (even I use Spanish for my documents).So, how can I avoid installing (in the first place) these packages, that I mercilessly will delete after the upgrading process finishes?(I am very comfortable with command-line usage, if it is the case.)
Get linux 'screen' to recognize xterm mouse-click cols > 95 I have a Web-based terminal using xterm.js and ssh2 from node.js.  When I click, xterm.js sends mouse-click coords via xterm escape sequences.  This works fine.  When using the 'screen' cli utility, anything greater than 95 columns is registered as 95 columns.  An example is, when using Midnight Commander over 'screen',  it only registers clicks past 95 cols at the 95th column.  Without 'screen', it works normally.  Is there an easy fix?I'm using Ubuntu LTS.
Ubuntu 17.10 on Toshiba Chromebook no sound Hello i installed a copy of Ubuntu 17.10 in my Toshiba Chromebook 2. The installation is already complete without errors.  It's working.  Only one issue.  I can't hear anything! On setting window I can find only dummy output.  I tried alsamixer and I checked all levels and channels. In software and drivers I can't find any audio driver.  What can I do now?  
It seems I deleted (completely) the default repository for Artful, how do I get it back? I don't know how it happened but somehow it was deleted.  Is it gone for good or can I possibly re-add the default repo that comes with 17.10?  It doesn't even seem to show up in the software &amp; updates channel as disabled.  Thanks and regards,Thomas
How to write \"sudo\" commands and save it as terminal file? Is possible to write some \"sudo\" commands with text app and save it as terminal file ?It should allows me to run the saved commands directly batter than line by line and I can run it at any time ?
Find files with capital letters before the extension and lowercase letters in the extension I need to find files in remote location (/mnt/) and alert if a file name matches these criteria:The file name must contain only capital letters or digits.The file extension must contain only small letters.The negative way also will work.example:if-file name contains small letters and/or extension contains capital lettersthen- echo alert
How to install 'Nocturn': a pre-built binary app in ubuntu 17.10 I have downloaded the Nocturn app pre-built binary from github. In which directory should I put it so I can run it from dock?
Ubuntu Server, Third Party Package Install I have installed Ubuntu server 16.04.3 LTS. I know that I could install a GUI package in order to simplify the problem of installing a third-party program/package/driver et. al. However, I much prefer the tty1 environment, especially since this particular blackbox is going to be used for research. Will anyone in the community either demonstrate or direct me to a step-by-step guide for downloading and installing a package from a non-specific or variable website?Thank you in advance to all those who may offer up insight.Edit: I want to get a package from a specific URL using the server interface: how do I download, unzip, and install the package?
How do I disable user password request to shut down from retropie? I am a newb to Ubuntu/Linux. I am running Ubuntu 16.04.3 LTS with retropie.  Whenever I try to shut down the system from retropie it always asks for a password and I have to plug in a keyboard and enter the password.How do I disable the password request so I can shut down easily from retropie?A simple step by step would be appreciated!
How to execute a program when a specific string is entered in a specific window? I want to write a shell script to automate screenshots using the screenshot program Shutter when some key words are written in a certain app,such as a internet chat room or text messenger service or things like that.Essentially, when a specific string is input, such as \" its a beautiful day \I want to be able for my shell script to screenshot that specific phrase ( and not just the whole screen in general ) and then paste the screenshot to a folder.How would I go about writing this script, automating it, and using Shutter in my script?
control brightness on the second monitor I use HP ProBook 440 with a second monitor [HP Z24i]Currently I can control only the brightness of the laptop monitor with 'Brightness Controller'. I tried f.lux and DisplayCAL. The first doesn't work, the second one has many options and looks extremely complicated. I am novice user in Ubuntu and I would like to have any simple (GUI) solution to make the second screen at least not so bright.best Alex
Trying to get linksys wifi dongle to work wusb600n version 1 Trying to get my wifi usb dongle to work on Ubuntu 17.04 it is a linksys wusb600n version 1. Shows wifi networks. However, it does not connect and the indicator light on the dongle does not turn on. Once you plug it in, the indicator light blinks a few times then shuts off. Need a driver that I can install on my system to make it work. No drivers from linksys or support either. PLEASE HELP! Been at it for two days now. Any command line read outs you need, I can provide. Thank you.
Is there any way I can prevent Ubuntu 16 from freezing under heavy CPU load? I'm a developer working a lot with Android Studio. When it compiles the Java classes it spins up 4+ threads of CPU intensive work. Often I play music in the background when that goes on. Here's what happens:The music skips or completely stops at the most intensive section of the compilationThe mouse point jitters or stops responding altogetherMost often things normalize after compilation is done, but other times the computer freezes totally and I have to hard reset it. How come? Is not Linux/Ubuntu/Unity designed to prioritize the UI thread? How does it allow Java to take 100% of the CPU resources? Is there any way I can throttle this?Disclaimer: I don't know much about OS code.
Single USB install Xubuntu or regular I have done a lot of reading about Live CDs and I currently have got a bootable Ubuntu USB built with unetbootin. My question is how would I go about installing say Xubuntu to the memory stick itself. I.e. I am very happy having Windows but want to run a full working linux from memory stick (which can read Windows files) - which I can install applications to and most importanly keep upto date with the latest releases (i.e. Persistant live versions don't always allow this).But I only have 1x 30GB USB stick. Can I do it just using that?Am I right in thinking that the default Ubuntu installer installs to the main harddrive as opposed to overwriting itself on the USB stick?This is unlike 16988 due to the fact I am running on Windows and therefore don't have the luxury of the virtualisation suggested in that answer.
Need guidance to install Miraclecast using Cmake I'm new to Ubuntu and went through the readme file on MiracleCast zip download. I'm using CMake, but can't seem to figure out what to do once i download the zip folder. How i use CMake to download and run MiracleCast?
how can I open a extra console and run a program in it with one command? So I know if I type gnome-terminal or xterm, a new window will be popped out. Then I checked the man page for these two, nothing relevant found.Then I noticed under Mac you can do it with the program open. But it seems under Linux it's not that trivial.Does anyone have experience?
Is there a way to have a right edge scroll function on Ubuntu? This was a feature I had on an older xp machine where if I dragged my finger on the right edge of my trackpad it would move down the page.  Since Ubuntu is now way ahead of xp, I would assume there is a way to enable a feature like this.  If this is possible, how?  Thanks and regards,Thomas
Geary Mail is failing to send mail from gmail I have been having this problem a lot lately and it really is getting my nerve.  I even went as far as deleting all the files including hidden config files yet nothing has been able to alter this so it will work again.  I will include a log file next time I open it up, but I do need to know where to look.
Lowering resource usage on Kodi-dedicated system I have a system set up dedicated to media streaming (Kodi/HTPC), running Ubuntu 16.04 (Xenial). I'd like to limit resource usage (CPU/RAM) to the bare minimum for everything that isn't necessary to Kodi's operation. I can do without most of what Compiz/Unity offers, but removing them completely will most likely have an affect on  Kodi as well.What can I change/remove to minimize CPU and memory usage, without affecting Kodi? Switching to a different desktop environment/window manager is definitely a viable option, I'd just appreciate a few pointers on where to start. I'd like to avoid making a switch to a different distro, if possible. 
how to set keyboard layout at login? ubuntu 17.10 Recently upgraded from 17.04 to 17.10 and I can't seem to find a way to set my keyboard layout at the new login screen. I have set the input method to dvorak within the settings>region+language option, and it works fine when logged in, but whenever I log out it defaults to qwerty and I have to bring up the on screen keyboard to input my password.Anyone know how to set this properly?
Equivalent of real-time disk usage feature of \"Task Manager\" for Windows? What is the window screen to reach to the hard disk usage percentage per second on Ubuntu?In windows, I just go to task manager and under the \"Tasks\" tab; there is CPU, memory, \"disk\" and network. (I can check on that \"disk\" there in task manager). On Ubuntu; I directly go to System Monitor. On System Monitor, there is CPU History, Memory and Swap History, Network History. But I want to check my hard disk usage percentage just like on windows. Is there any possible way to do this? ( The reason to check my disk usage is to check if the hard disk is okay or not because my laptop is extremely slow. I guess there could be some damage to the hard drive. Before I install Ubuntu; I used to use Windows OS. And on Windows OS, under task manager, disk usage percentage was 100% always even though there was no program opened, even just after reboot the Windows OS. I want to check the same disk percentage on Ubuntu now, but I couldn't see this \"disk percentage\" menu on Ubuntu. Is there any other menu I can reach to that beside System Monitor?)(edit*: my laptop specs are these: CPUs: 4, Vendor: GenuineItel, Model Name: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-3210M CPU @2.50GHz, Frequency:1200.256 MHz, L2 cache: 3072 KB, Memory: Memory Total: 3828 MiB, Swap total: 3974 MiB, Hard Disk: Model Family: Seagate Samsung SpinPoint M8(AF),  Capacity: 1TB, Rotation Rate: 5400rpm)
How can I create a bootable Ubuntu USB? I have updated to Ubuntu 17.10. Now I want to create a bootable USB stick to use on other machines or to install 17.10 on a new machine. Start up Disk Creator recognizes my USB Drive, but is looking for a CD/DVD containing a source file.  I assume an ISO file.  I cannot change the source location and even if could, I have no idea where to find the 17.10 ISO on my hard drive.I found sample code to create the USB using the terminal but I can not get that to work either, I keep getting a message saying the add command can not be found!Must I be signed into the root directory to use the necessary  commands and if so how do I do that?
How do I find the default gedit color scheme xml files? I know how to find new color schemes and alter them slightly to fit my liking. And I can make them slightly similar to the defaults.What I want to do, however, is change one of the defaults slightly. To do that, I need the xml files of that scheme or some documentation on how to write a gedit color scheme.Can someone point me to either the default scheme xmls or the documentation about them?
How to hide \"quodlibet wants to inhibit shortcuts\" message Ever since upgrading to 17.10, whenever I click on the time elapsed bar in quodlibet (to manually change the current track playback time), I get a warning message that says \"Quod Libet wants to inhibit shortcuts. You can restore shortcuts by pressing Shift+Ctrl+Escape.\" There are \"Deny\" and \"Allow\" buttons, but neither appear to do anything useful, and the message pops up every single time I click on the bar. It's quite annoying. How can I get around this? I honestly don't care if it's just hiding the message or automatically picking one or the other option.I didn't post this to the quodlibet issue tracker since this seems to be an OS matter, not an application-specific problem. Of course, I could be wrong, but I figured it best to start here.
mount windos partitions with same parameters as Files ( file browser ) ubuntu 16.04 I want to run for, some data analisys, my computer in headless mode. It is a dual boot windows /ubuntu 16.04 system.I regularly just click on the file browser, on the offered local partitions to automatically mount local partitions I am interested in each moment. No questions ask, it just works.This is the fstab line/dev/mapper/isw_cjbadfefde_ASUS_OS5 on /media/julian/New_Volume type fuseblk (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=0,group_id=0,default_permissions,allow_other,blksize=4096,uhelper=udisks2)However, I am finding imposible to manually replicate such mount when running headless ( no access to file browser )Can somebody give me a hint on how to make the very same mount, manually ?Thanks.JC
In gvim setting font size to 12 is not permanent and it is reverting back to 10 when I open gvim again I am using Xubuntu 16.04In gvim, by going to Edit ---> Select font I am selecting the font size 12. But after I close gvim and open gvim again I see that the font size has gone back to 10.How can I set the font size to 12 permanently?
Problem in connecting to Atmel Corp. AVR ISP mkII and FT232 USB-Serial (UART) IC I am using ubuntu 16.04 for programming purposes. When  I am trying to connect to my \"Atmel Corp. AVR ISP mkII microcontroller\" &amp; \"FT232 USB-Serial (UART) IC\" through my controller software application it doesn't get connected and gives out an error that \"inappropriate permissions on device!\". When I plug in the device, it is seen as /dev/ttyUSB0 being an FTDI chip.Any Idea on how to make the device get connected?
Will lubuntu 17.10 work as a server? after checking on google for the light weight linux distro, I just started using Lubuntu 17.10. I was thinking, in windows there's a service IIS to make it work like a server in local network. Does Lubuntu have something like that? Does Lubuntu work like server by default or do I have to enable something. By installing 3rd party software like xampp/lamp it may work but do I have to install it really? TIA
How can i recover my sudo passaword? I have already tried the root solution on the GBU thing, but it ask for the password:\"Give root password for maintenance (or press control-D to continue)\" Do you guys know any other way to recover it?I use ubuntu 17.04
curl version on Ubuntu 17.10 I'm going to invoke curl request with php5.6.At the moment, curl_init() function gives me \"call undefined function\" error.I think curl is not installed for php5.6.Am I wrong? If not, how can I install php5-curl with Ubuntu17.10?
attaching an external device: udev, hal, dbus and ... mini-ubuntu If I've well understood, in the modern linux distributions, attaching an external device (usb stick or ide/sata hard disk) to a PC, Udev, HAL and Dbus allows to manage it.udev - identify the hardware component which is plugged into and run a specific application, Dbus - is used for inter-process communicationHAL - gets information from the Udev service, notifying the corresponding desktop application to open the mounted device.QUESTION:I want to install mini-ubuntu to have a basic configuration that avoid the previous steps (autorun, automount, autoplay, ecc...).Please, can you tell me what happen when I attach an external device in a minimal Ubuntu configuration ? that is, in other words, which is the process'chain informing Ubuntu kernel that an external device has been attached ?Thanks in advance.
Workspace switcher in Ubuntu 17.10 I'm running Ubuntu 17.10 in VirtualBox and the keyboard shortcut for switching to a new workspace doesn't work. Please show me a screenshot that shows how to switch workspaces from the desktop environment in Ubuntu 17.10 without pressing the keyboard shortcut.
Virtualbox, how to make guest wallpaper transparent? Ubuntu (16.04) host, Windows 10 guest in VirtualBox. How do you make the guest (Win10) wallpaper transparent? Running seamless mode.I've recently gotten back into Linux. I remember doing this with my Mac, running Windows XP in seamless mode with a transparent wallpaper on the windows machine (guest)How do I do this with Windows 10 as guest on my Ubuntu 16.04 host?
Can't login Ubuntu 16.04 (Gnome) after logout Problem is that if keyboard layout is set to Russian when screen is locked I can't login using password input field. Only way is to press Switch User and then enter password for my current user.But if keyboard layout is set to English when screen is locked everything is OK and I can login normally.Yes, I've checked keyboard layout before entering password.It is set to En. But it makes no sense when I'm trying to change it on locked screen.I use Ubuntu 16.04 with Gnome.I've checked it on different PCs and on different Virtual machines, the result is the same - can't login when screen is locked with keyboard layout set to Russian and all works normally when it is English or any other English-like keyboard layout. And all woks fine if I press Switch user and log in from start page (the page with password prompt you see when starting PC).Only idea I have is that language in screen lock don't changes to English from Russian even when you switch manually. How to fix that? Any workarounds of fixes?
Cannot open files created on windows in ubuntu On my system I am dual booting Windows 10 and Ubuntu 17.10. I also have a third partition where I save files that I then mount when logging on ubuntu. In that partition I also have my onedrive folder. On windows the file is fine and I am able to access all the sub folders. On ubuntu though the file is not recognized and I cannot open it. Anyone knows of any solutions?
x11vnc on Ubuntu 17.10 not running on startup I am able to start x11vnc with the following command line as my user, but if I start it as sudo or a startup service I get an error message \"XOpenDisplay(\"\") failed.\"/usr/bin/x11vnc -auth guess -forever -bg -rfbport 5900 -xkb -noxrecord -noxfixes -noxdamage -shared -norc -auth /home/lorensimon/.Xauthority -display :0 -rfbauth /etc/x11vnc.pass
Arranging my applications by type on Ubuntu with GNOME Shell I'm using the latest Ubuntu 17.10 with the GNOME shell. It's really lovely but I'm still lost and finding my way around Linux for the first time in my life.Anyone knows how to arrange the applications by type (rather than by name)?
Arranging my applications by type on Ubuntu with GNOME Shell I'm using the latest Ubuntu 17.10 with the GNOME shell. It's really lovely but I'm still lost and finding my way around Linux for the first time in my life.Anyone knows how to arrange the applications by type (rather than by name)?
Corrupted Installation of Discord on Ubuntu 16.04 I have installed Discord on my Ubuntu 16.04 and I run it via terminal:<blockquote>  discord</blockquote>And it's working fine, but on the top of the screen it says my installation is corrupted and I should fix it. There's also a \"Help!\" button which upon click, just opens a new empty web browser window. Anyone know how I can fix my installation? I have tried reinstalling it and it's still the same.
trouble installing suggested packages to play dvds on 14.04 I have finally successfully installed the ubuntu restricted extras as well as the libdvdread4 for the cc2, but still can't play dvds.
Change where cursor plots on startup and login I am wondering if anyone knows of a way to change the cursor plot point from center screen to an X,Y coordinate or something to a similar effect... I love Macs (as you probably noticed if you read any of my other questions since the dawn of time) and like the odd little thing with them where when they start up, the cursor is plotted in the top-left corner of the screen rather than in the centre like in every other operating system. Is there any way to accomplish this? Thanks!
canon printer mg6865 install I already have a working Canon MP990 insalled on Ubuntu 14.04. Im replacing it with an MG6865.Ive installed (dpkg) cnijfilter2-5.20-1-deb.tar (which I used alien to convert from an rpm.In Printers, add printer, I 'Find Network Printer'. It finds what it calls MG6800, listing it as IPP network printer via DNS-SD. It hten searches for drivers, and asks me to describe the printer. It then asks me to print a test page.After that, the printer properties are displayed, with a device URI of dnssd://Canon%20MG6800%20series._ipp._tcp.local/The printer state is listed as idle - rendering completed. Yet nothing is printed. Same happens with print test page.Looking at the print queue, it's empty.However if I go back in and try another test page, it then changes its mind and says 'cant find printer. Printer not connected?'Im not sure where to look for the problem. Does it mean my driver isnt installed correctly, or its the wrong one? Or is the uri incorrect or the way I set up the printer settings not right?Where do I start?Can anyone help me trouble this please? (remembering I Have a working MP990 attached, and its settings look similar save the uri of course)
Getting rid of a virus So I know Linux isn't supposed to get viruses, but it really looks like I have one. A tab popped in firefox saying an update was required and it wouldn't let me close it (it did not look like a legitimate firefox update), with repeated pop up messages saying information would need to be resent- everytime I selected cancel, it came up again. I was also unable to open the software centre.I assumed the problem was firefox-specific so used purge to uninstall. At first it seemed like it worked, but when I restarted my computer firefox was still there. I tried to run purge again, but it said there was nothing to delete. So I tried to delete the program files, which seems to have  gotten rid of firefox, except I still can't open the software center so I assume there's still a problem. I ran clamscan and it said there's no infected files<blockquote>  Known viruses: 6354850  Engine version: 0.99.2  Scanned directories: 37159  Scanned files: 146987  Infected files: 0  Total errors: 21365  Data scanned: 8522.39 MB  Data read: 9700.28 MB (ratio 0.88:1)  Time: 1658.820 sec (27 m 38 s)</blockquote>Next steps? 
Ubuntu 16.04LTS Create Cron Job in cron.daily that will display the contents of auth.log to folder in every users home directory? Ubuntu 16.04 LTS userHi guys, I am a newb here and I have been searching these forums and google to no avail. My searches have not found the specific info that I need. This is personal project of mine to help me get accustomed to setting system jobs and scripts that will run daily/monthly/any time refrence. I have already (inefficiently) created several folders for the 10-12 users on my Ubuntu machine already where I want this job to go. It is in their home directory in a folder titled 'ulogs'. That is the folder I will be hopefully have the various system wide jobs I create, save files for every user on the system. I know this job is to be created in cron.daily as a script. I know how frequently I want to run it, perhaps twice a day at some point but will start with once a day right now. In the script, what is the protocol to save the contents/end result of the job to the folder I've created and selected where I want to save a txt file of job?For this job, I want to save the contents of the auth.log (the cron script is basically \"cat /var/log/auth.log > /home/Users(1-12)/ulogs/daily-signin.txt\") What variables can I use instead of typing out every users username and folder path where the file should be saved. I'll also want to append the date to the end of the file but I'll figure that out on my own, I can't have you guys doing all the work. I've been searching but I've bounced around from site to site and have not found an efficient way to save the file to every users folder path. Please help!
How do I keep track of the cursor on multiple monitors? Microsoft or Apple OS has a feature wherein shaking the cursor temporarily enlarges it until you see it, or press Control and a circle will animate around the cursor letting you quickly find it. In Ubuntu 16.04 how do I quickly find the cursor? I frequently lose where it is when using two monitors.
Usb to hdmi cable that works for ubuntu 17.10? This may seem like a repeated question, but since my computer is a bit old I kind of want to get a usb to hdmi cable.  I understand that usb 3.0 is backwards compatible so my usb 1.1 could pick it up (as evidenced from the one time I got a usb 3.0 dvd drive) but just so I get the correct one what would you reccommend that would work good with Ubuntu?  And if I get it to work, is there any procedures I should go through?  Thanks and regards,Thomas
Ubuntu 17.10 laptop doesn't suspend on lid close Thinkpad T450 running Ubuntu 17.10 which was clean-installed (not upgraded) some weeks back. I frequently moved from room to room and like the laptop to go to sleep when I close the lid. It seems to never do this, staying awake all the time. I have to hold down the power button in the indicator and choose the pause icon to suspend it. Previous releases of Ubuntu used to \"Just Work\".I have tried toggling the option in Tweaks to ensure it is set to suspend on lid close, but this makes no difference. Is this a bug or expected behaviour?
s.m.a.r.t. data no longer available in Ubuntu 16.04 \"disks\" application I am trying to find out the spindle speed of a /dev/sdbIt is a WD Green WD30EZRX SATA / 64MB Cache ... for some reason, maybe variable speed, the spindle speed is not listed on the sticker.There formerly was located a place in the \"disks\" application to list how many times the drive had been powered on, and several other pieces of information.I un-mounted the drive, and the gears icon still did not give the option to load the s.m.a.r.t. data.I installed the sg3-utils or sginfo (I don't know why it is not responding to a \"program ?\" query, to find out all the commands that can be asked of it, because it no longer acts like it is installedsudo sginfo -g /dev/sdb<blockquote>  <blockquote>    <blockquote>      Unable to read Rigid Disk Geometry mode page (0x4) [mode_sense_10]    </blockquote>  </blockquote></blockquote>
How to develop in Android Studio inside VM, but launch parallel VM with Android? I'm in a situation where I need to develop in Android Studio inside a KVM running Ubuntu. I know I can redirect the USB of my phone inside this VM and upload the apks to my phone. But how can I launch a VM parallel to my ubuntu VM? (I'm trying to avoid launching the Android VM inside the Ubuntu VM, so I want to load the Android VM in the same host as my Ubuntu running Android Studio).If I simply launch an Android on KVM parallel to my Ubuntu in KVM with Android Studio, how to connect the 2? I think this will require some tweaks, like, is it possible to make the Android virtual machine answer adb commands like an USB device and then redirect this usb device into the ubuntu virtual machine?
python - how to list to installed pachage using python I want connect to the /var/lib/dpkg/status to query what are the installed packages. The library should be python-apt but I am not sure. Anyone could help me ?I Need to do this process manually because the script must be run from livecd on the hard disk.thank u
lxqt \"whisker menu\"? I'm running 16.04 on a very old PC, so I'm using the Enlightenment (currently E22) desktop. I'm looking at LXQT, but I'd like the \"program search\" feature that comes with XFCE's Whisker Menu. I'm told that a whisker menu-type search isn't possible in LXDE (which is why I don't use it), but can it be (easily) done in LXQT?
Unable to install android studio ubuntu 17.10 From terminal unable to locate package error.I have already added repository.
How do I get Waterfox to work? I installed Waterfox but it is not available as an application, just a folder. How do I get it to work like a normal app? Thanks in advance.
Host VMs on Ubuntu Server and access them remotely? Is it possible to host virtual machines on a workstation running Ubuntu Server 16.04 (no GUI) and log into them remotely from a Windows PC?
Ubuntu install error message I am currently running Windows 10 and would like to install Ubuntu as it is much more convenient than Windows for coding Ruby On Rails. Though I am not sure how to do it properly.My setup: One 256GB SSD with Windows boot on itOne 3 TB HD where I store files (music ...) and also some large Windows install (Steam and games mostly) I thought I could dedicate a partition on the 3TB HD drive to Ubuntu so I created a partition of 500 GB on this drive.Now Ubuntu install I wanted to install on the 500GB partition so i selected \" something else\" Then highlighted my 500 GB partition. but got error : \"No root file system is defined\" then I went back to install location menu and selected \" install Ubuntu alongside Windows Boot Manager\" and it offers to create the install on the 256 GB SSD drive and call it \"Ubuntu /dev/sdb6 (ext4)\"So my question : is it necessary to install it on the SSD drive ? There is only 100GB free on this drive and the proposed Ubuntu partition is 61 GB. I am not sure there will be enough left for swap.. Is it not possible to use the 500 GB partition even if it's not fast access ? (I have 32 GO ram so it may be only slightly low at start)
SSH - Remote Login without port forwarding My friends use Ubuntu 16.04 and I use Fedora 27. They're new to Linux, and they ask me for help now and then. Rather than helping them over video calls and stuff, I find it easier to have remote access to their systems via SSH (I've performed this few times when we were connected on the same network, but never when we've been apart). I don't have an internet connection at home. Instead, I turn on my mobile hotspot, and connect my laptop to that. Keeping this in mind, how can I use SSH to login to their systems when we're in two different locations and connected to different networks? (I know I should probably be asking this on the Fedora forums, but I assume that the instructions for Ubuntu and Fedora in this matter will be the same).
Can I make an image from the disk starting at x address? I'm trying to get a specific data from the disk starting at specific address (don't know if it was physical address or not, ex: 0x00000000DA88FFFF, with size 0x5776). Actually I'm new with disk imager and these stuff and I found that dd command is suitable for making disk images, but I couldn't found anything related to start imaging from specific addresses with a specific size, is there anyway to do this? I want to extract a specific information from the disk.
Can I make an image from the disk starting at x address? I'm trying to get a specific data from the disk starting at specific address (don't know if it was physical address or not, ex: 0x00000000DA88FFFF, with size 0x5776). Actually I'm new with disk imager and these stuff and I found that dd command is suitable for making disk images, but I couldn't found anything related to start imaging from specific addresses with a specific size, is there anyway to do this? I want to extract a specific information from the disk.
GUI solution for converting PDF to TXT My ultimate requirement is to copy the text of a PDF file to the clipboard. If copying the text in the common viewers including LibreOffice, the text is not continuous but line by line. I wonder if there is a GUI solution for copying the text of a PDF file or perhaps convering the PDF to TXT or Word.
How to make a Dual Boot UEFI I want to make a dual boot with Kali or BlackArch with Zorin or Bodhi, but the biggest problem is the UEFI, they don't detect the other or dont boot. So, how can i do a dual-boot in this situation?
Are all Ubuntu apps the same on every device Bit of a newbie question Are all Ubuntu apps the same regardless of the device for instance if I made an app for Ubuntu on a jetson tx2 developer kit would the code be same as a Ubuntu app ran on a MacBook?
Does Ubuntu compile all their non-proprietary packages on their repo from source or do they use the dev's pre-compiled binary? I was just curious to know, does Ubuntu compile all the open-source/non-proprietary packages on their repo or do they just take the finished bins from the dev and stick If it in the repo?  
How to restore Ubuntu in a new disk I have a dual boot system with windows 10 and Ubuntu. I would like to backup and restore only the functioning Ubuntu into a new disk,without windows. How should I proceed? I have used clonezilla and backup only the partition of Ubuntu but after restoring it, it didn't boot: I believe because I didn't backup the right partitions or copied the grub or whatsoever. Ps, I'm not an expert. 
package containing stb_image.h? Have just moved some development from a Fedora system to Ubuntu, but I'm having a few problems.I cannot find which package provides stb_image.h. On Fedora it was something starting stb or stbi, but nothing like that seems to exist with the synaptic package manager.Can anyone point me to the right thing.Thanks.
What kind of PGP key does ubuntu 2016 come with? I'm trying to write about this subject in my blog and I didn't find an answer to which PGP key does Ubuntu come with (PGP 4, 5, open?)?It is already installed and the only thing that it says is that it is a GNU PGP key. Which leads me to believe I am using an open PGP version (right?).But I am not entirely sure, any answer?
On Ubuntu Artful 17, as a priviledged user, how can I get an email (possible nightly) with information about - what GET requests were sent to port On Ubuntu Artful 17, as a priviledged user, how can Iget an email (possible nightly) with information aboutwhat GET requests were sent to port 80who attempted ssh connections to port 22after a \"regular user\" logged in via sshwhat shell commands did they executedid they try sudodid they try to read or delete  /home/otherother/* files
Ping6 routing between interfaces failing Spent the last two weeks googling every IPv6 gateway and routing example and none seem quite like this. I have three machines setup in the following configuration:Machine A has IP of 2001:cdda:2011::1 on dev eth0.Machine B has IP of 2001:cdda:2011::2 on dev eth0, 2001:cdda:2012::2 on dev eth1, and has all forwarding configured to 1.Machine C has IP of 2001:cdda:2012::3 on dev eth1.Ping6 from Machine A to Machine B, IP 2001:cdda:2011::2 works.Ping6 from Machine B to Machine C, IP 2001:cdda:2012::3 works.Ping6 from Machine C to Machine A, IP 2001:cdda:2011::1 fails. If I manually configure the route on Machine A telling it how to get to Machine C it works, but I am attempting to setup a mobile network where the route from A to C and vice versa is not static therefore I cannot preconfigure this route.Essentially I am restricted from using pre-defined routes or default routes, as the hop from A to B may not be there at all times. (There will always be a router on device ETH0 with access to Machine C via ETH1, it just won't always be Machine B). Does anybody have insight on how to do this?Respectfully, Riley
How do I split a terminal into two \"views\" (or two parts) so I don't have to scroll up / down? Nginx log is being generated real time with     watch -n 1 \"tail -n 1000 nginx.log\"I want it to appear on the right side of the terminal. How can I make 2 or 3 screens? I have a very wide screen (not wide enough to be vertical but wide enough to show a lot of empty spaces on the right side using the command above). I would like to see the first few characters of the output above only so I don't mind if total length is cut off.Please give a clue on what I should do to achieve this as I can't find online. The best I can do is \"screen\" and tmux but both of them does not seem to have such a feature, to split a continuous window into two parts vertically. Please help. Thanks.I would like to not needing to scroll up. So as much information as possible on one screen with the data overflowing on the other split screens on the same thing. Not opening different screens for different things.
FAR-manager replacement for FTP I'm trying to get rid of Windows and now I have Ubuntu 17.10 on my second PC but I'm beginner in Linux. Everyday I need to work a lot with FTP (uploading/downloading files). Now I'm trying to find something like FAR-manager (Windows only). Why it is so important? I want to do all the actions with keyboard only, without any need to touch the mouse. When I try to connect with Midnight Commander via \"FTP link\" menu, error appears: \"ftpfs: Login incorrect for user anonymous\". Filezilla works with mouse only so it's not a option for me.What application would you recommend to use for FTP uploads/downloads?
What's the easiest way to run GUI apps on Windows Subsystem for Linux as of 2018? I searched around, and currently there are two methods suggested; installing an enhancement for Windows Subsystem for Linux and installing an XServer.I want to know which method is the most hassle-free (easy to install AND to use), and which one is less memory-heavy.I just want Synaptic and CMake. Why couldn't that be a builtin feature?
Network Connection Icon not shown I am unable to install purevpn on Ubuntu MATE 16.04 because I cannot find the Network Connection Icon. I have fumbled around with no positive results. My goal is to install Purevpn. I need a very clear set of instructions as I am not really good at this. Please help. Thank you.The closest thing to the network connection icon is a bar graph icon that lists the wifi and ethernet 
Kodi wont let me access Ubuntu or terminal I recently installed Kodi by mistake and want my Ubuntu back. I was downloading software for Ubuntu that I thought would be useful but I didn't want a Kodi TV starter pack. What do I do?
Screen flickering problem in 16.04 i upgraded 14.04 ubuntu to 16.04, after updating softwares in 16.04 my desktop screen flickers when i place mouse pointer in the launcher pad.how can i solve the issue?
Stop inotifywait instance I made a script to invoke inotifywait.It works fine, but I sometimes want to stop it.How do I stop the last inotifywait instance?I can not understand how to use inotify_rm_watch which I understand is used to close it.7341 ?        S      0:00 inotifywait -m /home/andy/Downloads/ --format %w
Meaning of \"t=canonical\" in Firefox URL after search? When I enter a search term in the firefox address bar, I noticed that \"t=canonical\" is always inserted in the URL where the search results are displayed. What exactly does this do? Does it have any implications for my privacy?Note: In debian 9, I get 't=ffab' in the search url instead.
Playing different music at different channels How to play one music in right channel, another music in left channel of laptop speaker/headphone simultaneously in Ubuntu 16.04
How to install Rufus on Ubuntu Mate? I have been to the website &amp; while there is talk of it being compatible there is no actual Linux supported link for it, its all exe's. I am using Ubuntu Mate the latest version 64Bit edition.If someone can provide a direct link or terminal code to make it happen because its not showing up under the software center even with 3rd party enabled.
Kubuntu 17.10 root access for GUI I need to access root in Kubuntu 17.10 through graphical interface, can someone point out how this is done please. This differ since Kubuntu 17.10 uses Wayland.Thanks in advance..
How to open Ubuntu without a user name and password I am running Oracle VMware and installed Ubuntu 17.10 Artful. When I start Ubuntu it asks for a user name and password. I did not set up a user name or password. How do I open Ubuntu without a password? I am  beginner and do not have a clue. Thanks for any help at all. 
Removing Kubuntu from External Drive and Reformating For some obscure reason, which seemed like a good idea at the time, I installed Kubuntu onto an external USB 1TB drive. It never worked.Now, I would like to use that drive as storage but cannot delete any of the installation or boot files. I also cannot upload any other files onto it.How would I reformat the whole drive so it can be used as general storage which can be read by linux, android and windows devicesMany thanks
How do I install a USB Wifi driver on Ubuntu 16.04? I have installed Ubuntu 16.04 as a dual boot with Windows 10.  I have a TP-Link wireless adapter, model number \"Archer T2U\".  It works fine under Windows 10, but Ubuntu doesn't see it.  I have no idea how to install a driver for this.  I found a help message somewhere that said to go to \"System> Administration> Hardware Drivers\but as far as I can tell, I have no such folders or directories on my system.  Keep in mind that I have only a couple of days experience with Ubuntu, and none with any other form of Linux. Also I have no internet connectivity on the target machine, so any files will have to be downloaded from a different computer and manually transferred to this machine. 
Install 17.10 on 32 bit machine The new 17.10 only has 64 bit ISOs. However 32 bit is still supported, there just are no live ISOs for it.I have a 32 bit machine with WIFI, and I need to install from a USB disk. I tried the \"mini.iso\" but it doesn't have WIFI support.What options do I have?(PS I don't want another distro, and I can't use ethernet for installation, must be WIFI).
how to get g++ package install in ubuntu 14.04LTS offline? since I am new to this society but I a using Ubuntu for last one and a half year.I was not facing any problems because it is best. My problem is that how to get g++ packages install in my computer in an offline way for 14.04 LTS version because I do not have any internet connections.Thank you to all the respected one's and thank you for making me as one of your family member. 
How to change \"Activities\" text on Ubuntu 17.10 I want to know how can I change the \"Activities\" text to my own text for example \"Task Manager\or is it possible if I can change it to an image icon?
How does one know which will be kept current: Snap, Flatpak, or Debian For a month or more Libre Office debian package has been at version 5.4.4.  However, the snap package version is still only at 5.4.3.  It seems in this case, for some unknown reason, the snap package is not being kept current.  This makes me think of a more general problem/question:   In the future, when a system will have a mix of debian, snap, and even flatpak packages available for the various applications, how would a person know for each application which packaging type the provider will keep current?  
VMware Workstation 12 does not run after ubuntu upgrade to 17.10 I have upgraded to Ubuntu 17.10 (from 17.04). Everything seems to work, however, VMware Workstation 12 does not startup anymore. No messages generated. Please help.
Alternative to downthemall i used to download updates via synaptic mark all upgrades then save script because the internet is too slow here then open the generated file by firefox then i used downthemall manager to download all deb packages. Now downthemall no more availabe. Is there another way to download updates in the same way?
Where to find power option config file(s) for 17.10 Just upgraded to 17.10 because 17.04 hit EOL. Seems really nice except for one small basic thing that baffles me as to why it's hard-coded. The amount of time before the monitor goes blank (for some reason it doesn't give the option to turn off monitor but it seems monitor does turn off after it's blank for a while) gives a handful of hard-coded options in a drop down. The max is 15 minutes. I need 30. Where can I find a config file to manually set that value?
Why are cryfs encrypted file sizes too big? I encrypted a 1GB folder using Cryfs and the encrypted folder appeared to be 6 times larger than the original folder? I know encrypted files are always larger than the original files, but 6 times?!?Is it a bug causing this or is it normal for CryFs as it does a whole lot than encfs or any other encrypting apps?
I just installed ubuntu 16.04 to my laptop containing windows 7, deselected erase drive and selected use lvm i did not attempt to erase windows seven but now all i'm seeing is ubuntu. Tell me how to access my windows 7 os please
hidden file removal on ubuntu I have PDF files in a hierarchical directory stucture to 4 levels on my webserver.The files were uploaded from an OSX machine to a Windows Machine to my server.I now have many (dot) .filenames.pdf that I wish to remove whilst keeping the actual filename.pdf file.I would like to this with one line of shell script.many thanks for your time. Simon
Ubuntu 17.10 autologin despite this uncheck in settings I have a problem with autologin in my Ubuntu 17.10. In settings I have uncheck \"automatical login\" but still, when I turn on system then automatic log in. I looking for a solution in the internet but still nothing. Please help me guys.
How to disable account logoff when closing lid of laptop I am trying to set up a home cloud server on my old Ubuntu laptop However when i leave it running and close the lid of my laptop of course I get logged out and the process stops.Is there a way to either completely disable the logoff when closing the lid OR a way to make sure the process keeps running even when I am logged off?Any help is gratefully received./Mark
Data Integrity and authenticity check I am trying to shift from 12.04 LTS to 16.04.3 LTS desktop amd64 through a fresh install (iso file download on a DVD).In the process, is it necessary to verify the Ubuntu download prior to installation - its a bit complicated for me! ;)Secondly, is there a way to know whether my computer hardware is compatible with 16.04.3?Thanks for the reply.
How do I get the stamina/speed switch working on my laptop? This Sony Vaio PCG-41217N has a toggle switch between 'stamina' and 'speed', but I do not notice any difference in Ubuntu 16.04. How do I get it working?There is a Windows 7 sticker on this device, so I wonder if it is somehow designed for Windows 7.
Will ESM also become available for Ubuntu 14.04? ESM is available for 12.04, which enables Advantage customers to keep receiving kernel updates and updates for many user space packages. In our case it's very important to know if we'll be able tot use Ubuntu 14.04 safely after April '19, because it is not possible to upgrade our application and migrate it to say, 16.04.
Access Ubuntu Server from other network via Filezilla? Just want to apologize in advance if this is a obvious question, or I leave anything out. I have tried searching for the answer on my own but couldn't find what I was looking for so came hereSo basically, the other day I made an Ubuntu server to host a website.I am using FileZilla to SSH into my server and edit files to develop my site.I'm working on this project with a mate who lives in a different area, and I was wondering if I could set it up so that he could access my server via FileZilla?Thanks in advance, Bryn.
Is it worth upgrading Ubuntu 17.10 kernel from 4.13 to 4.15? I wonder if it's worth upgrading 4.13 kernel to 4.15. I cannot complain about any instability of 4.13, but I'm interested how 4.15 going on and if there are benefits upgrading.
How to disable/enable combination keys (alt+space, alt+F10)? How do I disable/enable combination keyboard shortcuts like alt+space and alt+F10).
Simple Way to Have Static Local IP with VPN I am trying to find a simple solution to have a static \"Local\" IP Address with Ubuntu 16.04 and Open VPN. Every time I use the VPN the IP Adress changes from 10.36.10.10 to some other random IP address and I want to run a Minecraft Server from my PC while still being hidden in a VPN. I'm really not sure if this is even possible or secure but changing the Address of the server at each VPN activation is certainly not going to work. Any Help is appreciated! I have figured out a way to Have PIA VPN assign a Static External IP Address but the Minecraft Client does not recognize this Address when trying to connect to the Server, (I'm assuming it's a Port Issue) but in my region, assigning a Port is not available, I must use a VPN Server in Canada which will ruin the game PING.
Can't install VLC on Ubuntu, and can't Play films In the past days, i used VLC to watch video tutorials. but occasionally, I met the video can't play correctly and screen stuck problems. I thought it maybe need update system and softwares. So I used command \"sudo upgrade\" tried to fix problem, but unfortunately. my computer also held those problems. even the system and VLC is the last version.So. at past night. I used Ubuntu Software to remove VLC. and from some forums to got \"sudo apt-get autoremove vlc\" \"sudo apt-get auto clean\"..etc..(cause I want to uninstall completely for reinstall) But since uninstall VLC, I will incapable to enable it again.My system is Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, and run of VLC 2.2.5. could you can help me to solve those troubles? Thanks :)
Gnome Metacity and GuestSession I would like a guest session to use by default Gnome Metacity instead of the default Ubuntu window manager (I use Ubuntu 16.04). Where are the configuration files ?
How to use Samsung SCX 3201 with XSane Image Scanner Ubuntu 17.10  64 BitI recently purchased a Multi function printer Samsung SCX 3201 (now HP)The printer is working properly.But am unable to run the scanner. If I run XSane it does not detect the scanner.I downloaded the drivers from the hp web site. the file is ULD, with .sh files inside it.How do I install/ use the scanner.Somewhere it was mentioned that Vue scanner can help, but how do I install it.
HOw do I Give VLANs internet access? The challenge that I am faced with is as follows.I need to give internet access to several VLANs via a single Ubuntu 16.04 router.The VLANs are 8021q tagged and arrive at the router on interface ens1f1.VLANs are named vlan10, vlan20, vlan30, and vlan40.The internet uplink is connected to enp0s25.Enp0s25 has a static public IP address assigned by the ISP.The upstream device connected to Enp0s25 is not VLAN capable.I ask you sage and wizened engineers or packet manglers out there if you would please explain to me how I can route, bridge, NAT, or catapult packets between those VLANs and that great tangle of plumbing we call the internet.In the meantime, I shall retreat to my cupboard muttering error 418 (RFC 2324).Regards,Kevin
How to change default browser for wine steam game? I want to play windows steam game (duel link) on linux.Game is working fine, but when I login with my game account. Its open linux browser (firefox).I login in in firefox then it say \"login process, this window will automatically close when its done\"Im waiting more than 10m, but firefox still not closing.And game waiting login success from browser.I rasisme its because linux browser cant work well with wine.Im install firefox in my wine too. But the game still opening linux browser.What i ask.How to set wine browser (firefox) as my default browser game wine?
My previous question on this was ignored... Ubuntu server, wordpress installation I need pointing to an accurate up to date method to install wordpress. I also need details on setting up apache for it.There is NO official help or support which is a joke.Is there anything else beyond the virtual host file and the /etc/hosts edit.How exactly should they be configured? my ip just leads me to the apache test page, how to i get it beyond that into the sub directory.
Adding additional dns search domains - is there a maximum? I've just moved to Ubuntu 16.04 desktop, I have added a bunch of search domains to the network settings (using Settings -> Network -> Wired -> Options... -> IPv4 Settings).It seems to have picked up some of the domains I have added, but not all. I use quite a few domains at work so being able to add them all would be really useful. Is there a way to do this? /etc/resolv.conf seems to have 6 of the 10 domains that I had added so I'm assuming that 6 is the limit?ThanksGuy
Signal out of range message at boot time I have gone through all the posts and I am pretty sure I know how to fix it, but I can't seem to be able to get to a prompt.I see GRUB loading and then nothing from that point forward. Immediately after post I see a flashing cursor in the upper left corner. A few seconds later the monitor displays a message saying signal out of range.  No keystrokes at any point give me access to a login prompt. I'm not sure what to do at this point.I installed 16.04 and 17.10 with the same result.
Disable Ctrl-Alt-L's behavior of locking the screen I need to disable the Ctrl-Alt-L key combination to use it for IntelliJ (an IDE).  I have managed to do it on my desktop computer which currently runs 17.10, but I cannot figure out how to do it on 16.04 which my XPS 13 Developer Edition runs.I have found Settings -> Keyboard -> Shortcuts, and disabled the System -> Lock Screen entry.  Still locks.I tried reassigning to Show/Hide onscreen keyboard.  Toggles on screen keyboard and still locks.I tried re-reassigning to System -> Lock Screen.  Still locks (that was expected though) but now the login dialogue is very simple. A white rectangle with a password field at the top.I tried re-disabling it.  Same login dialogue as before.As the screen does not lock when entering the key in the Shortcuts field, it seems that this is essentially working as designed, but there is a problem with telling the locking process that it should not do anything.How should I approach this?
Installing Lubuntu 17.10 kills my PC I boot Lubuntu install from a USB drive. It detects win7 and I select dual boot option. The PC has two SDD, second one is not formatted. Install proceeds and ask to reboot. It hangs and I must force power off (I waited at least 10 minutes). Now the PC will no longer boot, or even go into the BIOS!!I tried disconnecting the SDD/USB drives. Nothing works, it's dead. At this point I just want to be able to get into the BIOS.Please help.
What is the download size of Ubuntu latest version? I have limited internet bandwidth.<br>I would like to know the download size of the latest version of Ubuntu.Can anyone confirm which is it?
Problem with Epson L360 printer- I'm running ubuntu 16.04 and want to connect Epson L360 printer to the laptop. The printer is shown in the devices and printer list. When clicked on print test page all I get is a string of M's 2 and a // on the left side of the page. Any help in fixing this issue would be much appreciated. 
How to install Java 7 or jkd 7 on Ubuntu 16.04? I'm really in trouble. As the Java 7 support and built are not available anymore on the web. I have gone through many of resources and question answering websites online but unable to resolve this issue.I'm a non-technical person and recently have installed the Ubuntu 16.04. I want to unzip the files of my data backup. The size of files is 60 GB and 80 GB. The default archive manager in Ubuntu is unable to unzip the files or I am using the wrong method to do that.Can anyone please help me in this case?
qemu/kvm snapshot with non-usb device I have a fully-working QEMU virtual machine (ubutu host, XP guest). I cannot save the machine state into a snapshot because I have a PCIe card attached to the VM. The error message says \u00abRequested operation is not valid: domain has assigned non-USB host devices\u00bb. The \u201cnon-USB device\u201d is the PCIe card. When I detach it from the VM, the snapshot works flawlessly. The reason for the error is (I suppose) that the PCIe card may suffer changes between the creation and the restoring of the snapshot, so this is disabled by default.Is there a way around this? I absolutely need the PCIe card on the XP guest, and I have actually detached it from the host, so the host never uses it. But I\u2019d like to be able to use snapshots on the VM, as my work involves working with several different programs in XP.
Flashing screen in Acer, Intel HD Graphics I have an Acer TravelMate X349 running Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 64-bit.The graphics: Intel\u00ae HD Graphics 620 (Kaby Lake GT2)The processor is Intel\u00ae Core\u2122 i5-7200U CPU @ 2.50GHz \u00d7 4.The problem: after some time of using in a session, the screen flashes, usually after switching to another window.Any ideas?
Change VLC Home Directory I just installed VLC 3.0 via snap. Unlike the previous versions nothing shows up now when I click \"My Music\" or \"My Videos\". I think it set the wrong base directory./home/gratis/snap/vlc/158 is where .cache , .config etc. are so I would guess that's currently set to be the home directory. I don't require VLC to move all it's files, I would just like it to locate my stuff, which is /home/gratis/Music ,and /home/gratis/Videos respectively.
Unattended-upgrades pending reboot prevents shutdown from user Running Ubuntu 14.04 in a public computer room, I have enabled unattended-upgrades and configured to reboot at 02.00 in the night. PCs are dual boot, so a user would reboot the computer in order to boot the other OS, but if u-u had installed some updates, and set it to reboot, then the users would not be able to do it by themselves: if they click on the gear icon, and then choose shutdown and Reboot, the system simply does nothing.If I login as root and try to issue a reboot command, the answer is \"another shutdown already pending\so I have to shutdown -c to cancel it, and thereafter I am able to reboot. This is obviously not what I want, because the users should be able to reboot whenever they want without my (or root) intervention.Could anyone help me please in reaching my goal (=have u-u set to install automatically, and reboot at 2.00 in the night, letting the users free to reboot/shutdown when they want, without giving them root permissions)?Thank you very much,Andrea
pros and cons in installing ubuntu alongside windows boot manager I'm trying to dual boot my laptop, I know already on how to install it. Some tutorial I watch is they prefer to use \"something else\" than installing ubuntu alongside windows boot manager. I'm confuse now what are the pros and cons if I choose ubuntu alongside windows boot manager. I create a partition in my hard drive. I want my ubuntu install it in other partition but I want also to choose the option ubuntu alongside windows bootsmanager. Is this possible? and Is it safe to choose that option?
Trouble installing ddccontrol I am running Kubuntu 14.04 on a 32-bit system and I'm trying to install ddccontrol so I can change my monitor brightness without touching the monitor in a GUI. I understand I need to install the CLI version first to get the GUI version (gddccontrol) as is my goal. I have found multiple packages on GitHub and Launchpad and have tried all that I can find. Most of the .deb packages I\u2019ve ran with package installer have an error of Cannot satisfy dependencies. When I try the instructions on GitHub along with other suggestions like sudo apt-get or apt install, I get the error \"E: unable to locate package\" and then the name of the package I'm trying to install. Recently I got an error of no installation candidate. 
Newbie needing some help with Wine and PlayonLinux Alright, so I have not used Linux Ubuntu since probably 14.10, but I wanted to come back and was tired of Windows consistent crash and bugs. I like playing games on my PC, I have Wine and PlayonLinux. I am not as literate of the Linux world as I used to be. I don't want to ever switch back, but I am not sure how to get things rolling on here. This is the specs for my laptop. RAM: 4GiB(3.8 usable) Processor: Intel\u00ae Core\u2122 i3-5005U CPU @ 2.00GHz \u00d7 4 Graphics: Intel\u00ae HD Graphics 5500 (Broadwell GT2) I am running on 64bit Ubuntu. I tried installing Star Wars the Old Republic, but it keeps saying it can only run one instance at a time. Any feedback, tips, would be greatly appreciated. I am running Ubuntu 16.04.
Intercept shutdown call and run script to allow or prevent shutdown At this moment my laptop is starting to have what I think hardware issues.Sometimes I have to try 3 times before it starts successfully.I am trying to save the code I modify in my usb stick but sometimes I forget.That is why I am wondering if there is a way to run a script when the user wants to shutdown the computer. This script will check several things and depending on the situation it would either cancel the shutdown and ask the user to perform some action (insert a usb key for example), or execute some statements (save to usb if it is there) and allow the shutdown after.Because of this necessary interaction with the user just putting the script under /etc/rc0.d won't be enough.Thanks
Samsung Xpress M2070FW won't print PDF on Ubuntu 17.10 x64 I tried to install HP or Samsung ULD drivers but still problems printing only pdf.Scanning is ok, print text files is ok!I tried to use \"Samsung M2070 Series, driverless, cups-filters 1.17.9\" or \"Samsung M2070 Series [en]\" drivers without success.Please, someone help me please?Thanks a lot
Install Ubuntu on m.2 SSD independently I have a dell 7559 with a 250GB SSD loaded with windows 10. I have another 275GB m.2 (Crucial) and I want to install Linux on it. Is it possible to install two OS in such a manner that they work completely independently without sharing any common space? That is, when I will use Linux it will show 275GB memory space (m.2) and when I will use Windows it will show 250GB memory space (original SSD). If yes then how should I proceed? Is such a separation better than dual boot with a common memory space in terms of performance?
Convert .ogg file containing cover art to .mp4 file I tried using FFMPEG, however if it has cover art it fails and the cover art is not included in the MP4 file.No, I will not use VLC.
Does there exist a pdf-viewer for ubuntu offering up to 6400 percent zoom? The question is in the title. I can hardly believe it, but after having tried each of 'evince', 'Master PDF', 'okular', 'xpdf', I am quite sure that none of these well-known readers offers as high a zoom factor as does e.g. Acroreader. For my work it is indispensable to have at least 6400% zoom, and, having recently changed to ubuntu, I now seem to find myself in a situation in which the only way is to try to get Acroreader running via Wine (which I didn't try yet, and hope to be able to avoid trying).
How to become root when your user is hardened? I currently have a VM where the user is locked down and i am unable to find any flags. I have tried to use sudo but the account is not a sudoer. I have tried \"nano /etc/sudoers\" but i received a permission denied message. Any other ideas on how to become root?Also, this is for a class. Its a basic CTF, and he completely locked down his VM it seems...
automake according to Ubuntu Software Center Following description can be found in Ubuntu Software Center (Ubuntu 16.04 LTS) for Automake package:<blockquote>  Automake 1.15 fails to work in a number of situations that Automake  1.4, 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9, 1.10, 1.11 and 1.14 did, so previous versions are available as separate packages.</blockquote>Few questions arise from this:Why are versions 1.12 and 1.13 not mentioned in the list?Fact that 1.15 fails to work in a number of situation - is this a problem of Automake or integration-in-Ubuntu's one?Description mentions previous versions are available as separate packages - where is that availability, GNU or other automake distribution servers or Ubuntu packages distribution system?
Set up autoconnect to hot-spot only when ethernet connection I currently switch between the following two set-ups on a daily basis:1) Being connected to the internet via a WiFi network.2) Having my (Ubuntu 16.04) laptop connected to the internet via a wired connection, then sharing this connection with my other devices through the built-in hot-spot functionality of Ubuntu.At the moment, switching from 1 to 2 requires me to manually go through the \"connect to hidden network\" dialogue in the Network Manager; similarly switching from 2 to 1 requires me to manually disconnect from the hotspot and connect to the WiFi network. It's not a lot of work, but I do it often enough that I would like to have it be automated.It is not as simple as enabling autoconnect for the hotspot, since then it overrides the autoconnect functionality of other networks instead of connecting me to a WiFi network when I am not connected via a wired connection, and I end up with a hot-spot but no internet. So I need a solution which:connects me to the hot-spot whenever I am connected to the internet via a wired connection.disconnects me from the hot-spot when there is no ethernet connection.autoconnects me to one of the networks with autoconnect=true whenever they are available and there is no ethernet connection.A full explanation on how to do this would be great, but a reference to a good (non-expert) manual for setting up these kinds of rules would also be very much appreciated. 
output ascii art in a red color on terminal so i wanted to make a MR ROBOT default banner, but i don't know how to make the output in a red Color in terminal, could somebody please help? also does anybody have the Original MR ROBOT ascii art? if so please drop it here.ps: using kali linux 2018.1 release
How to enable popups after every one hour for exercise/break? I want to take a break from my system after every one hour. How to enable Popups(I mean Pop ups, not notifications).OS: Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, Unity DE
Can't mount NTFS partitions, and don't have Windows installed to fix them I've just installed 16.04. Ubuntu. I installed it on old C:/ partition (250GB SSD disk, all place for Linux, ext4) so I don't have dual-boot and I am not able to boot Windows because it doesn't exist on any of my disks. I also have two HDD disks (750GB - 2 NTFS partition 250 and 500, 250 GB - one NTFS partition). My problem is that I can't mount these disks with write and read permission. Later I couldn't mount the disks at all due to an error about hibernated Windows (which I don't have). I used the program Disk (preinstalled) and added 'ro' to the mount options. It helped with mounting the disk, but I can't write or edit anything. Can you help?
Are windows and ubuntu wireless firmware the same? I have a dualboot Windows 8.1 and Kubuntu 17.10 with Intel Wireless 7260 - Rev 6b.My internet is very unstable and unreliable, and after researching the problem i suspect it's the firmware. Installing firmware through Ubuntu seems a little complex and open to me messing things up.So if I installed the firmware through windows, would this mean that I wouldn't need to install it for Ubuntu?Any help would be appreciated, thanks! 
Can I reuse cert for :443 on :10000 I have used letsencrypt/certbot to setup SSL for my site on ubuntu 16.04. I've installed webmin and it correctly complains that it is not secure. What should I do to get a cert working on webmin port 10000 ? I am using apache.
Having trouble installing Mimio Studio smartboard software I am trying to get Mimio Studio installed on my Ubuntu 16.04 machine. Mimio Studio is a hardware+software system that can be used with a projector to create a virtual whiteboard on just about any flat surface.When I installed Chrome, I used dpkg -i, apt-get update, install -f, which from what I understand, is supposed to take care of dependencies issues, so I tried something similar when I ran into trouble with Mimio, but no luck. Additionally, in my attempt to install Mimio, I enabled architecture i386.I am a huge noob, so I dont really know what kinds of details to give when asking my question, or what kinds of keywords to search for online.What do I need to tell you?
Converting dv to mpeg2 I'm trying to transfer videos from an old tape recorder onto DVDs. I think that I need to use ffmpeg to convert the dv files to mpeg2 but can't find the right commands to use. Does anybody know what the right commands are or if their is an alternative method?
OpenVPN & Network-Manager-OpenVPN & Connecting to Internet ipv4 I'm trying to route internet traffic through my vpn. I've set up everything using a tutorial. Now, I've heard that OpenVPN can only handle either ipv4 OR ipv6. So I wanna stick with ipv4. I disabled ipv6 in the network manager on my pc, but now, ipv6 websites are still sent over ipv6 without the VPN. How can I prevent this?Thanks!! :)
Problem in upgrading Ubuntu 14.04 to 16.04 I'm using Ubuntu 14.04lts and today I'm upgrading it to 16.04 lts. During upgradation, my laptop got shut down and now when I'm restarting it command line is coming and I'm not able to switch to gui, I've tried startx but after this command I'm seeing only desktop folders and cross mouse cursor and then I've tried sudo service lightdm start but after running this command black screen is blinking with cursor, can anybody help?
GNOME extension \"Internet Radio\" not working while session locked I am using the GNOME extension \"Internet Radio\" under Ubuntu 17.10. It works perfectly fine, except that it is automatically switched off every time the session is locked. I would like it to continue working even while the session is locked. I tried googling several of these keywords, but it returned nothing, so I do not even know where to start.
Ubuntu: keyboard and mouse not working (Mac) -Ubuntu 16.04.4-(Mac)-(Live USB with persistence)-(Created with UNETBootin) First boot, the home screen shows up and i see the cursor at the center of the screen but nothing works (neither mouse or keyboard).I read online that they forgot to install the package during the update or something like this, but I don\u2019t really know how to fix it! Can someone help? \u2014I\u2019m not an expert, i\u2019m using linux for the first time so sorry if i\u2019m not so technical or if i made mistakes... Feel free to correct me, i\u2019m here to learn.  :) \u2014
Is putting files in a HDD with NTFS which is part of a Windows system dangerous? I have two Windows systems. One of them is damaged and I'd like to copy the files from one system's HDD to another while I'm booted into an Ubunut Live CD. After that I'd like to reinstall Windows than put the saved files back on the HDD and delete the files from the other HDD and put the HDD back in the other machine with Windows.Can mounting the HDD with Windows system under Ubuntu and putting files on it damage the Windows system or the filesystem?
upgrade to 16.04 from 14.04 computer jammed in middle computer jammed solid half way through download. had to switch off and on. now terminal asks for my password for 14.04, but it won't accept it. so i've ended up with a computer which won't work. how do i get my computer working? i'd be happy to go back to 14.04, but how? i can't get into my computer to do anything. i'm not literate in terminal use!
Cross-Installing Programs The computer I am setting up has three partitions. One for windows10, one for linux, and one for files and programs shared between them. Is there a way to install programs on the third partition (like python, pycharm, matlab, etc.) to work on both OSes or do I have to install on each OS there own version of python, c++, etc? Is the third partition limited to sharing files or can it be used to share IDEs, applications, compilers, and interpreters?Thank you so much
Adding to Environment Variables <blockquote>  I need to add a folder named \"include\" and a wine executable  \"fasm.exe\" to Environment Variables.</blockquote>The Include folder contains .inc files that are important for code execution. Although I am on Assembly, the purpose of this include folder is quite the same as that of the C include folder.This was quite simple in Windows but I can't figure out a way to do that permanently in Ubuntu 17.10 . 
NVIDIA 1060ti + Ubuntu 16.04 = Black screen I installed an Nvdia driver in Ubuntu 16.04. I have Nvdia 1060ti. I don't know how to enter through recovery mode. I tried every solution in this forum but I ended up with a black screen or screen freeze. Can you help me with this issue?I came to this because Blender was not functioning properly.
where to update Java JDK? (not how to install) All the questions on here I've found are how to install JDK. I have JDK already, but Android Studio says it's outdated. I'm asking where I can update JDK.\"which java\" in terminal gives /usr/lib/jvm/java-8-oracle/jre/bin/java, but installing the tar file there does not update the JDK. Neither does installing in /usr/lib/jvm/java-8-oracle.Thanks.
New user is unable to Rdp. When trying to use RDP to access a Linux VM a new user is unable to connect.  It seems to authenticate the same as I do, but then the screen is simply blank.  Do we need to do something else to his account on the VM to allow RDP?  Add him to the group that was created perhaps?I am able to connect fine, and I tried using the new user credentials and get the same results so it is not system related.I am using Ubuntu 16XrdpAnd xfceThis machine is on Azure 
How do I install ubuntu on a blank hard drive without using dvd or usb? How do I install ubuntu on a blank hard drive without using dvd or usb? I have a computer with an extra blank drive thats been formatted. I want to download ubuntu onto the blank drive and install it on there to be put into another computer. I dont have a dvd or a usb drive. I dont want to buy one either! everyone keeps saying buy one or gives me directions to use dvd or usb. I just want to install it on a blank hard drive the put that drive in another computer. Can anyone explain how as simply as possible, please?
Dolphin (file manager) shortcuts config-file location Does anyone know where Dolphin keeps the shortcuts stored?I've already looked into the config-files in \"~/.kde/share/config/\there's a dolphinrc there, but the saved shortcuts are nowhere to be found.
Malayalam font not working properly; letters don't combine Unicode Malayalam fonts are not working properly after the version 10.04 LTS. Characters that should combine do not join each other.Examples: \u0d35\u0d4d\u0d31, \u0d36\u0d4d\u0d30\u0d40, \u0d17\u0d4d\u0d30I am using Ubuntu 14.04 LTS now
Terminal short cut to toggle scroll on output When developing I faced the situation, where I want to quickly enable / disable the \"scroll on output\" setting from the Terminal.Does such a shortcut exist (while being in the Terminal context) or is it possible to \"record\" a shortcut for such a toggle action?
I'm running Ubuntu 16.04 I'm having issues with this Wi-Fi adapter usb drive worked before now doesn't run or show up on usb. I'm trying to connect wireless to my internet modem and doesn't give me any options. Only works if I plug in Ethernet cable.  Using netgear a6210 wifi adapter usb drive 
AOLserver, apache2 I am using 3.13.0-77-generic #121-Ubuntu  x86_64 x86_64 x86_64 for hosting two websites.Issue i faced is:apaches services went down and sites down. When i checked, i got this error in restarting apache services:(98)Address already in use: AH00072: make_sock: could not bind to address [::]:80(98)Address already in use: AH00072: make_sock: could not bind to address 0.0.0.0:80I checked all configuration and everything was perfect. I then checked AOLserver process were running.So i killed the process, and restarted apache services again.This is no the first time i faced this issue. It pops in all of a sudden, i had to kill AOLServer services to run apache2 services again.My question is: What is AOLserver and what can i do to avoid such issues in future.I could not find much information in logs about the server.Thanks
Bionic Beaver Distribution for Mac 64-bit PowerPC Will there be a Bionic Beaver Desktop distribution for the Mac G5 64-bit PowerPC?  I have been unable to get 16.04 to work.
Unattended Boot for Encrypted RAID? just recently dabbled into Ubuntu for my home NAS.  I'm using it for a media server as well as my main document repository for my other PCs. I want to use some sort of disk encryption and RAID 1 (I have one SSD for OS and 2 4TB drives for data).  If I only encrypt the RAID, and still have unattended mount, is there a way to keep the encryption key safe?I guess I can encrypt the OS drive, but I would lose any unattended boot up.  I only want the unattended boot up in case I need to restart while I'm not at home. 
How to Install Microsoft SQL Server in Ubuntu Please How do I Install SQL server in Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, I a new Ubuntu user and I need the sql server for Database class.  I had to partition my hard drive and use windows to be able to use the Sql server.  I want to install in in the Ubuntu
Formatted my whole external hard drive I'm so new to Ubuntu, I just started playing with it 19 hours ago. I'm really not 100% sure what I'm doing, so please excuse the mistakes in terminology and general processes.As I was attempting to make my Samsung 740U3M able to dual boot, I had no extra USB drives except my external hard drive. I used etcher to put the ISO on the drive, but the website said it wouldn't delete everything.It did delete everything when I put the ISO on there. So, I powered down the machine and bought a second 32GB USB drive to install from. I now have the latest Ubuntu and updates installed on the internal HDD.Is there any way to save the stuff from my external hard drive? I haven't used it, so I don't believe it's been overwritten. Please help!? I'm an undergrad and all of my work was on there!EDIT It's not a duplicate of that question because he was trying to make an image of his HDD, whereas I was trying to put the ISO \"next to\" my files on my external HDD. Etcher \"flashed\" my HDD when it put the ISO on the HDD. I'm currently running a quick search in TestDisk. Instructions called for me to check the \"Intel\" option for the search.
Ubuntu Restricted Extras Won't Work Ok, so, I installed Ubuntu-Restricted-Extras on Ubuntu version 16.04 LTS. I have all the updates. I used the terminal to install it because I couldn't find it in Ubuntu Software. But what I want to know is the Ubuntu Software Center, is Ubuntu Software and Ubuntu Software Center the same thing? Because if they are there is something wrong with mine, I can't install things like preload at all and flash player won't work (has it been removed?). In the Ubuntu Software app there are hardly any programs, and again, nothing like preload or Ubuntu restricted extras. Help me I am going bloody insane.
Ubuntu files on different drives and disk space requirements? I have a SSD and a HDD on my system. I want to install Ubuntu on the SSD (dual boot with win10) and keep all other files, programs etc. on the HDD? How much disk space I need on the SSD and how can I achieve this?
How do I log out in chromium? How do I log out of the Google account in Chromium.After trying out the Google hangouts extension (which I have now uninstalled) I have my name displayed in the upper right side of Chromium windows, which means that I am logged into the Google account in some manner. I wish to log out.When I press 'Manage people', I don't see any logout option. I do see a way to open another window as a guest, but that's not what I'm looking for. I want to logout of all the current windows and to no longer have my google account associated with the Chromium installation.
Network not working properly after restart notebook closed lid I have a notebook on remote location, the notebook has closed lid and from time to time I would like to restart it, but when I do the network doesn't come up, only after the lid is opened.Second problem and maybe connected is that when the  is closed and no one is logged in into desktop (ssh is not enough) the notebook suspends.So is there a way how to prevent the notebook from suspending even when no one is logged in and also somehow ensure that the network will reconnect after reboot.
Moved files to trash when booted with Linux CD, can I recover them? This sounds really silly... I burnt an ISO of Ubuntu 16.04.4 LTS to a disk and booted up the Live CD with the first option (try Ubuntu without installing). I mounted an external hard drive and moved a folder to trash. I then emptied the trash.Can this folder be recovered? Does the Ubuntu disk use the hard drive of the the machine it booted on to hold temporary files so it may be there? Or will I have to run a recovery tool on the external hard drive?
network traffic monitor over time I am running an ubuntu server 16 and are looking to use an application that runs as a daemon collecting network traffic stats over time (day/week/month) and displays it in some form.I should be able to breakdown the traffic by either subnet/IP or protocolntop (opensource version) hasn't been updated since 2012 and using it seem to have a few bugs.vnstat is the closes i have found but it dosent let me break down the traffic by IP/protocolthanksalexis
Dual-boot over two hard drives I have a Laptop with an SSD and an HDD. It came with Windows installed on SSD and since it is small, I added a HDD to store all my files and install all my games. I would like to install Ubuntu on a part of the HDD (without losing all the data on it. I have about 300GB free and can create an empty partition by \"shrinking\" the corresponding D: drive, so that should not be a problem) and want to keep using Windows as well as Ubuntu. I have seen several tutorials and questions about installing dual-booting Ubuntu and Windows, but all of them assumed they were installed on same disc. Is something different when it comes to installing Ubuntu on a different hard drive, will it still work and what are the possible problems and solutions?
Geary email client how can I make it a dark theme As the title suggest I really like the looks of geary and the smaller memory footprint vs thunderbird but where is the dark theme?
I deleted my network manager I was running few terminal commands and ran \"purge network-manager\" command. And as expected I deleted my network manager and I am unable to access the internet. I searched the internet for a solution and found that the \"network manager\" file can be downloaded from ubuntu website to another device and copy the file to ubuntu computer. Then we can run the \"dpkg -i\" command to install the network manager back. I tired to find the network manager file on the website but could not find it as I found many variants(versions) of it. Can somebody point me to the network manager file required for Ubuntu 14.04 LTS ? And it would be of great help if you can confirm that the procedure that I am trying is safe and sound.Thanking you in Advance.Edit: I am a new to ubuntu. Any kind of help is appreciated.
Simulate a USB stick insert I inserted a USB stick on my laptop and it automount the partition.I then did a umount /dev/sdb* to allow me to DD an image to it.Once DD is done, I do sync then physically unplug the USB then plug it back to get the 2 partitions mounted.my question is how can I avoid to physically unplug the USB and plug it back again?
Do all that works for Ubuntu work for Lubuntu? How can I guess, when finding sw install instructions/suggestions for Ubuntu, if they are ok for the Lubuntu 16.04 version I've got on my pc? Thans!
Is it possible to install different display drivers for each user account? Is it possible to install a display driver for one account (for example an NVIDIA display driver), and use another version for the second one?Currently I'm trying to test between two methods of installing a framework. One uses deb package which installs all dependencies automatically.In the other one however, I am the one who installs all needed dependencies.Each method has its own pros and cons. My main problem is that if I use the first method, it will install a lot of dependencies, kernel headers, development packages, etc that may cause me issues. I do not know if I can be able to unroll all the changes the first method causes.So I'm asking if creating a new user-account would give me the same capability so if one account gets ruined I would still be able to use the other account and be just fine.  
Can I remap mouse keys for games running using wine? I want to play idle-action games (like Witcher I or FTL) with a single hand. These games are both action and idle because you can press spacebar to stop action and think about strategy and what to do next. This pause cannot be remapped to mouse in-game and that is why I asking here. In Ubuntu, is there any possible way how to fake spacebar input every time I press 4th mouse button?Note: I'm running these games using wine
Unable to capture screen with VLC on Ubuntu+KDE 17.10 I am trying to play screen in a VLC window. (To share-screen on chrome) When I try to capture screen with \"Desktop\" option it says:<blockquote>  Your input can't be opened: VLC is unable to open the MRL 'screen://'.  Check the log for details.</blockquote>In the popup window. I have tried enabling verbose logs, but nothing gets generated in the logs either. I am using KDE. If it helps, the same used to work when I was running mint+cinnamon on this same machine.
Driver install fails on Epson Xp-620 I recently installed Ubuntu 16.04 LTS on both of my laptops - a 6 yr old Acer and an 18 mo old Dell Inspiron 15 5000 series. I did the Acer first and the 'add printer' handily found and configured my Epson XP-620 printer. Test page looked good!After the Dell machine was configured with the same Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (both derived from the same bootable stick) I tried to add the same Epson printer. During the 'espcr' driver install the progress bar permanently froze after some 20 seconds. I've tried it several times trying both the DNS and pass thru options. Neither does the trick. I also notice that in the list of printer makes and models the Epson XP-620 is missing. That didn't seem to matter with the success on the Acer. There seems to be no communication problem, evidenced by the fact that if I choose another Epson model the printer simply shoots blanks.What can I do?
Laptop with external HDMI monitor: screen off/on loop I'm running Ubuntu 16.04 on my laptop, and I have an external monitor connected via HDMI. Normally, my screen turns off after 10 minutes of inactivity or after I lock the screen. This sets off a series of events:The laptop screen turns off.The external monitor goes to sleep.Ubuntu seems to think the external monitor has been detached, and it refreshes the display.My laptop screen turns back on, in single display mode.The external monitor turns back on, and the display refreshes again to dual display mode.After a period of inactivity, repeat from #1.This happens over and over again indefinitely, preventing both displays from ever turning off. Since I rely on this feature to automatically lock my computer after inactivity, it's also a security concern.Is there any way to prevent this problem?
How to install WiFi driver for AsusX550LN when I have no internet connection I have only WiFi network, so how can I install wireless driver offline?I'm using Ubuntu version 17.10
Xkill on open directory I accidentally ran xkill on my documents directory. Can I get the directory back or is it gone forever?I am told the directory no longer exists.
Does Nautilus remote mounting use SSHFS? Does Nautilus' (Ubuntu 16.x or 17.x) remote file system mounting using SSHFS or something else?Note to Moderators: For keyword purposes, I've tagged this with \"Files\" because, although the application being discussed is technically called Nautilus, this is not stated basically anywhere in the Ubuntu GUI - it's always referred to as \"Files\" instead. So, newbies like myself searched using that keyword.
Problems with Thinkpad w520 nvidia driver which were actually due to a broken uninstall of prime-select I have a thinkpad W520 with a Quadro 1000M nvidia card. This card is the Fermi  generation, no longer supported by nvidia from driver 390 onwards. It seems Ubuntu 18.04 will ship with 390 or 396.  It's a 2011 laptop. It's fighting fit, a fast quad core so it's still a very usable machine. However, Ubuntu 18.04 (beta) is keen to install this incompatible driver. I would like to use a fairly recent driver, such as 384, since these drivers have support for Prime Sync. There are no packages for these drivers for 18.04 from the nvidia PPA.I wondering what I should do? Perhaps try to port one of the 17.10 packages? How does Ubuntu support old hardware like this? It is not exactly geriatric hardware: 24 GB RAM, SSD drive, quadcore i7...
How to move all vertical scrollbars to the left side? I am left-handed and recently started using the touchscreen on my laptop more. There is even a bluetooth connected stylus available for it that works quite well for painting with applications like MyPaint or Gimp.However, whenever there is a dialog or window that has a scrollbar, it is  annoying for a left-handed person to use the vertical scrollbar, which is usually located on the right side of windows.For instance in MyPaint, the brush selection dialog is quite hard to use with a stylus held in the left hand. Also the layers dialog in gimp and so on.Is there a way to tell Ubuntu/Gnome that I want all vertical scrollbars to appear on the left side in general (as in \"not per application\")? Or at least for all GTK-based applications?As a left-handed person I feel discriminated.Followup:It seems that left-handed touchscreen users are a minority out there, probably touchscreen users in general. Maybe I was naive to assume there would be simply some switch to flip. All answers so far are informative and helpful, yet not quite answering the question. I'll let the engine decide about the bounty.
Code capture automated I am doing a project, where we need a video of the python script being written in the editor. We have 100+ scripts, so we need automation. Is there a program, in which the input is your python script and output is a video that writes that code charactet by character in an editor.
Install ubuntu 16.04 on existing xubuntu 16.04 without losing data I want to install ubuntu 16.04 on a partition where my xubuntu 16.04 is installed (I followed the installation process with this and I have a /home and / partitions).Is it safe to install ubuntu 16.04 in the existing xubuntu without losing my data?
Backup packages from 12.04 and install it on 14.04 hope that everyone is doing okay ,I have a question , i want to know if it possible to install packages from 12.04 to 14.04 not all of them just a few (for exemple i want to transfer the packages that i installed on 12.04 two days ago on the 14.04 version) it is possible ? thank you for your help
Right-click convert PDF to JPG? Looking for an easy way for one of my employees to convert PDF files to a JPG. I can do something in CLI, but he can't. It has to either be automated (less desirable), or a right click convert thing.The reason being so that he can download a PDF from his email, and print it on a Zebra printer in glabel.Suggestions?
Grep to return entire file content I want to search recursively for a certain word, say MyWord, but I want to print the entire contents of all files that contain MyWord. How do I do this?It turns out that I particularly care about binary sqlite files, both grepping them, and reading the result as a text file, rather than binary.
Can I install Ubuntu 16.04 LTS along side Windows 10 in my Asus Vivobook 14 without any problem? It has an Intel i7 8th Gen processor 1TB HDD Can I install Ubuntu 16.04 LTS along side Windows 10 in my Asus Vivobook S14 without any problem? It has an Intel i7 8th Gen processor 1TB HDD. I want to know if someone is using Ubuntu by dual booting on this laptop and how this is working. Thanks in advance. 
Why does Ubuntu enable TRIM for certain brands only? So I've been reading that for SSDs, weekly TRIM is enabled by default only for some brands like Samsung and Intel,but not others like Hynix. What's the rationale for this? Should I not enable TRIM on SSDs by other brands because performance/lifespan may be negatively affected?
How do I use a PARTUUID in fstab? I needed to increase the size of my boot partition (I already removed old kernels with autoremove).I increased the size of my drive (VM), and created a new partition.  I did all things wonderful to make the new partition /boot.  Blkid shows sda1 UUID=1234 PARTUUID=5678-01 and the new partition sda3 UUID=1234 PARTUUID=5678-03.I tried adding PARTUUID=\"5678-03\" /boot to my fstab but it didn't boot (it works with /dev/sda3 /boot).Since partitions 1 and 3 are on the same disk (and the same UUID) how can I enter that in fstab?
Turning Off Automatic Brightness in Ubuntu 17.10 Just updated my install of Ubuntu to 17.10 today. The brightness keeps setting itself randomly. It'll either shut off the screen, or put it about halfway up. This is incredibly frustrating as I like to work a minimum brightness. Is there anyway I can turn this feature off?I've looked through the Preferences->power manager menu, but I've already set it to do nothing while my laptop is plugged in. I don't know the source of the problem, so I haven't been able to look through the terminal to fix anything.Thanks for the help!
Canon PIXMA P200 cannot scan in Ubuntu 16.04LTS Good day.I just started using Ubuntu 16.04LTS and is testing everything.My only concern for now is that I cannot use anymore the scanning capability of my Canon P200. I searched this forum but nothing was mentioned about P200. I searched Ubuntu Software but to no avail.I hope someone could assist me, and hopefully using GUI's and much as possible not the Terminal.Thanks in advance.
How to make apache2 serve HTTPS on port 443 and non-standard ports? Hi i want to change port in apache2. i was running owncloud on standard ports http=80 https=443. For some reasons i need to change https port from 443 to 8443. i have seen many solutions but i dont come to hundred percent result what i  want.i just want that when i write my hostname \"server\" then i just see my owncloud page. when i write my ipadress then i no need to mention port number but when i write \"server\" then i need to mention port number 8443 then it works. i am using Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. i have tried everything on virtualhost and also by ports.conf.  kindly tell me some solution if someone know .Thanks in advance
Installing driver for USB wifi adapter - completely lost I have three separate USB wifi adapters. All work in Windows. One says Linux compatible on the package (I'll call it \"A\"). It even comes with Linux drivers.I used lsusb.I see the two of the adapters, but not the one which specifies linux compatability and came with drivers.I copied the drivers for \"A\" to a folder in my home folder I called wifi. I clicked properties on install.sh and clicked 'allow executing'. I executed it and it seemed to install some drivers, I was asked for my password twice. But still, the USB is not showing up in lsusb.The other two usb adapters (I don't really care which one I use, as long as it works) show up on lsusb. How do I install the drivers?One is an Asus (Broadcom BCM43526)The other just says ID: 2001:331a D-Link Corp. (Its the Death Star looking USB3 usb wifi adapters..Yes, its pretty cool).So, I know you all get asked this many times a day, but I am stuck on this one. I would love to use the one that has the drivers on the dvd. But, I will use any of them.I am using the latest version of Ubuntu Mate. Bionic Beaver 18.04.The motherboard is an Asrock970m Pro3 (crap)CPU: FX-6350, not overclocked. (crap too, but it was sitting around).8 gigs ram. Want to use this rig as a media server/file server.In an semi-related issue, I have an Nvidia GTX760 in here and its not giving me any option to install the proprietary drivers from Nvidia.Thanks again, any help is appreciated.
Can I switch to Ubuntu from Windows? I am a developer and I really want to switch to Ubuntu. When I switch to Ubuntu, can I run Windows virtually (VirtualBox) for some testing?I often use some photo editing software like Photoshop can I run it on Ubuntu?I have a lot of questions about the drivers. Can I support USB 3.0, audio, touchpad, video drivers smoothly like running on Windows (mainly I need my touchpad drivers for some shortcuts and drivers?
How to have a terminal mirrored onto a second screen in a two-monitor setup? I teach using a two-monitor setup, so what I see in my desktop is different from what my audience can see. This works fine for presentations: while the students see the slides, I can see my notes.But I want to use a terminal to run a shell. However, the terminal has to be on my desktop OR on the external screen.Is there a way to show the terminal contents in both screens simultaneously? I don't want to mirror the screens, but stick to the two-monitor mode. Any hints?I'm using Ubuntu with Gnome.
LUKS Encrypted Hard Drive \u2014 Passphrase includes '\u00a3' I recently changed my passphrase through 'Disks' and I've included the character \u00a3 in it. I realise now that the UK keyboard mapping only applies after this is done, so trying to type \u00a3 gives me # instead (I'm assuming, I can't see the password).How do I type \u00a3 at the screen 'cryptsetup: please unlock disk'? None of the AltGr+Number or Shift+Ctrl+Something I've looked up seems to work, apart from sometimes shutting off the screen. (e.g. when I press down one of the arrow keys. Why is that?)Hopefully this won't need any personal technical details but if it does I'll put it here.
Cannot connect to wireless projector (Samsung LED TV) I installed Ubuntu on my new laptop and I need to connect it to a Samsung LED TV. When I was in Windows 10 I was able to connect to my TV by just pressing the combination of Windows+K. Then it would automatically connect to it. I can't connect now.Dell Inspiron 15 3552Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
Given the SSD performance hit due to the Meltdown/Spectre patches, is it a good idea to buy more RAM to make RAM disk? Under Ubuntu, how much performance gain will the RAM disk provide over the normal nvme m.2 SSD? Could you please let us know what is the effective size of extra RAM to get to make RAM disk's performance optimal? Is 32GB a good amount? How do I create and remove RAM disk? Thanks.
Can communitheme session be installed in xubuntu 18.04? Wanted to know as I am considering my options upgrading from xubuntu 16.04.
I want to completely replace Ubuntu with Lubuntu I accidentally issued some commands I thought were safe in the terminal, and I ended up with no System Settings and lots of other missing functionality, but the OS still boots normally. I've decided I want to install Lubuntu instead of fixing Ubuntu for a fresh start and since my laptop is running on a 1GHz dual core AMD CPU.I created a bootable USB as I usually do and placed Lubuntu 17.10 amd64 using Rufus 2.14.1086. I have GRUB that was installed with Ubuntu upon first install I still have Win8.1 which I still want to keep.PS: I also tried creating a startup disk from UbuntuThe question is: How can I boot from USB with GRUB2 so I can overwrite Ubuntu?
Right Super key not opening Dash on Ubuntu 18.04 I have an odd issue with Super key. As for Ubuntu 18.04 LTS, it isn't opening the dash menu any more.My mechanical keyboard layout is Brazilian. The only difference is that it has a Fn key where the left Super is supposed to be. So I only have the right Super.I tried to keybind, but there is no option for the dash menu. I know some folks had this issue with Unity and they fixed with a tweak application. But now we have GNOME.
How to get global application menu on Ubuntu 18.04 Is it possible to have global application main menu in Ubuntu 18.04 (similar to what was available in Unity, with application menu appearing in the top bar)?There are a lot of conflicting information on this subject on the internet, with mostly suggestions to install some Gnome extensions that are no longer available or not maintained. Besides, most (if not all) of the answers are for Ubuntu 17.10. So I am wondering if there's a way to have it for Ubuntu 18.04?
How to Remove Stckiness In Dual Monitors while using 18.04 Up until recently, I was using 16.04 version. But now that I have moved to the latest Ubuntu version 18.04, my mouse stops at the edges and does not go to the second monitor. Any possible solutions to solve this issue? Please help if possible.Thanks
whenever i want to install any package a mailformed error is showing kmoin@kmoin-Inspiron-15-3567:~$ sudo apt-get updateE: Malformed entry 1 in list file /etc/apt/sources.list.d/sublime-text.list (Suite)E: The list of sources could not be read.
Problem on Windows after DualBoot (Windows 10 / Ubuntu 18.04 LTS) I downloaded the ISO of the new Ubuntu 18.04 LTS, made a Bootable USB, created an empty partition next to the Windows partition. I booted with the pendrive and followed the installation of Ubuntu normally in the new partition.My goal was to install Ubuntu 18.04 next to Windows 10 (LEGACY), but at the end of the whole installation, Ubuntu normally entered by selecting the option in GRUB. However when selecting Windows 10 in Grub, a black screen appears and stays forever.I've tried all the Grub repair solutions that I found and nothing worked. The Windows option appears in Grub, but it no longer works.I have a lot of things working inside Windows, and if you can help me with this, I'll be very grateful !!Thank you all!
How to have the ANT video downloader extension work on newest ubuntu+firefox I have been using the ANT video downloader extension in firefox since years. I just installed ubuntu mate 18.04 with latest firefox and after installing the extension I am asked to install a native app that is a .msi file and can't be open in ubuntu with any program. Any solutions?Thank you
Can i update ubuntu while i currently have themes I have some themes installed on ubuntu 16.04 right now and im running plank as well, i wanted to know if i could safely just update to 18 right now or would i have to restore defaults and uninstall any extra features
GNOME in Ubuntu 18.04 and multi monitor setup I have a monitor at home that I use as a secondary display for my laptop. When I was on Ubuntu 16.04 with Unity, the multi monitor setup worked perfectly. The top bar was visible on both monitors and apps launched on the monitor where the mouse was in. But since my recent upgrade to the new 18.04 LTS and its GNOME environment it hasn't been the case. I love the new look. And I want to stick with it. But the main issue is this. When running on multiple monitors, the top bar is only displayed on the primary monitor. Furthermore, apps always launch on the primary display. This isn't ideal in my opinion. The setup is so ridiculous that if I put my PC to sleep while working on something and then open it again with the monitor disconnected, I have no way of retrieving the window, because the system is still projecting it to a monitor that doesn't exist. Even worse is if I make the external monitor as the primary display. Then I literally cant see anything on the laptop except for the background.Is there a way to fix this? Launch apps in the monitor where the mouse has focus. And also restore the settings back to single monitor setup when the secondary monitor is disconnected?
Better understanding of Ubuntu! I have been using Ubuntu for about 10-11 months now, and am familiar with the interface and basics. However, I have felt a complete understanding requires something more. Is there any great websites which covers the nuances, like how the OS interacts with the hardware, the working of the OS and its commands in general, the latest developments and such things in intermediate users lingo. For clarification, I already have working proficiency in it, so not looking for absolute beginners stuff, but for something in the intermediate level which would help me graduate to having some advanced skill sets. Anything would be appreciated! 
Create a new document and rename it directly (in one step) in Ubuntu 18.04 I know this is some how silly and ridiculous, but it is really annoying!<br>I recently installed Ubuntu 18.04.. With Ubuntu 16.04, I was able, when I create a new empty document, to rename it directly: I didn't need to :  step1:  create the document.step 2: click on it with the right button and choose rename Everything was done in one step.<br>However, in Ubuntu 18.04, I can not do this (creating and renaming) in one step: every time I want to create an Empty document, I have to:Create the empty documentRight click on it then choose rename.Is there anyone who faced the same problem? And is there a fix for this?PS: It is not about how to create an empty document in Ubuntu 18.04, it is about how to create and rename, in one step, an empty document.
Is it still bad to use swap on a modern SSD? I have a Samsung 960 Pro SSD with Ubuntu 18.04is it safe to put the swap file on there or would it hurt it in the long run,I heard some people saying that new SSDs don't suffer from that issue anymore, is this true?
Very high fan speed on Ubuntu 18.04 I did a fresh install of Ubuntu 18.04, alongside Windows 10. On Ubuntu, one of my fans is extremely high, although the temperature is fine, and this is not happening on Windows. I've tried some of the solutions suggested in this forum, without success.The one with the problem seems to be nct6775/fan2, at least it is the only one working at +1155 rpm, according to program HardInfo. My motherboard is an ASUS H81M-A.
How to install Ubuntu 18.04 along with Windows 10 in Legacy BIOS Mode? I am using Windows 10, recently I want to move Ubuntu 18.04, and for some reason I can't completely uninstall Windows 10 now, So I want to use Ubuntu 18.04 along with Windows 10. But the problem is: When I run the Ubuntu Installation, it does not show Install Ubuntu alongside Windows. Which is expected by me, as previously I've used Ubuntu [ From 15.10 to 17.10 ] with Windows 7. So I don't try Something Else option to install Ubuntu, because I am in fear if I won't access Windows 10 from GRUB.Anyway, currently Windows 10 is installed in Legacy BIOS mode &amp; I think Ubuntu want UEFI.So, can anyone tell me, is it possible to install Ubuntu in Legacy Mode? If yes than how?
Wifi disconnects after certain time I have installed ubuntu 17.04 in my haier laptop. But the wifi disconnects after certain time and I have to reboot every time for it to work again and the same happens again after some time. I also had it installed on one of my other laptop and there wasn't any issue thier. Maybe it has something to do with this laptop, but I was using windows prior to that and everything was absolutely fine. I have tried many solutions from internet but nothing has worked for me
how to partition 1TB for ubuntu I have 2 hard drives. Windows 10 on 4TB which I am using currently. I have another 1TB hard drive where I want to install Ubuntu alongside windows. Please help me with no of required partitions and their respective sizes. Also suggest recommended partition types (EXT4 etc).
Install Ubuntu with Win10 on different SSD I have Win10 installed on a m.2 SSD. I bought a new SATA ssd for ubuntu. Should I choose \"Install alongside Win10\" or \"Erase and install Ubuntu\" for the new SSD?
Re-Installing MYSQL database on a webserver without losing the settings Can you re-install MYSQL on an ubuntu server, without deleting the created databases, privileges and other settings? Thank you.
How to change mount options with terminal? please correct any mistakes. So I went in to the drive application and disabled the auto mount in mount options. When I rebooted I can only start in the grub mode and can only access safe mode.Note. I found a command that seems to remount the drive but, then I get login loop.(Ubuntu17.10)I'm assuming I just need to figure out how to manually mount my sda
Equalizer in Ubuntu 18.04 Is there any build in Equalizer in Ubuntu 18.04 or a third party program that works with this version best? 
arduino: serial communication/uploader not working In Arduino IDE the serial port is greyed out and COM 1 i shown in the windowThere is no way to communicate trough serial connection.Dont know if this is a Arduino Bugg or a bugg in Bionic Beaver.The application worked in 17.10 Artfull.This bugg is reported and a fix is awaiting an upload in debianMay 9:Fixed the NullPointerException with Java 10 caused by the null java.ext.dirs system property (Closes: #896929) Its not a Arduino only problem but affect serial connections in general. Tested Pronterface and there is no serial connection to 3D printer.
Static IP with NetPlan I have a dev server with a Comcast static ip that has worked wonderfully for 10 years...went to upgrade to Ubuntu 18.04 and whats this NetPlan biznezz and why will it not accept my subnet?Followed all documentation from Comcast (like I have every other time I have formatted this machine) and it is asking for xx.xx.xx.xx/xx bit set.I generally know what this means but I am lost...Let me be a tad bit clearer...I am doing a fresh install and choosing my network device from the start...so essentially setting up the netplan config from \"go\"....
landscape/api cannot where to input query commands hi guys cannot seem to input query commands , all i get is \"Query API Service\" i cannot see where must i input.example also how to callExample call:?action=GetGPGKeys&amp;names.1=mykey
Re-encoding internet radio to a lower bitrate? I found an internet radio station, but I would like to re-encode it to Opus 32kbps to fit on my unlimited data plan. How would I achieve this?The source radio uses MP3 @ 160kbps, which is over my unlimited data bandwidth of 128kbps.
Ubuntu doesn't fit my laptop built-in screen I've installed Ubuntu 16.04 LTS on a FS Esprimo V5555 notebook and I cannot see a very big part of the screen. (like I open system settings and the bottom half of it is out of the screen, I can't drag and drop and I can't scroll it) I only have 640x480 resolution in the settings (my notebook can do 1280x800, it has Sis Mirage 3). Same happened in 14.04 LTS. What could be a working solution?(I am an absolute beginner about Ubuntu)
Where are the server \"alternate\" installer images? Long time user of Ubuntu, particularly 14.04 LTS.  Trying to do a fresh install on a new set of HDs with 18.04 LTS.  I have used 14.04 LTS on RAID 1 boot drives and want to do the same with 18.04 LTS.Historically I've used the \"alternate\" installer images to create my RAID partitions, etc. because the \"standard\" installer inexplicably does not support RAID installations, but those images seem to have disappeared from the download site / mirrors some time ago (I think coincident with 16.04 LTS).  Problem is the download page STILL refers to alternate installers and it provides a link that presently points to the 18.04 release directory but there are no alternate installers in that location.Where are the alternate install images?If they don't exist, is there another way to install 18.04 over RAID 1?I am completely content with a text based installer and doing the filesystem layout manually.  I don't want or need a GUI installer.Thanks for any help.
How do I increase the font size in Ubuntu 18.04 LTS for a 4k laptop display? I have a Dell XPS 15-9560 laptop with 15.6\" 4K Ultra HD (3840 x 2160) IGZO IPS 350-nits Touch-screen, and NVIDIA GeForce GTX1050 4GB GDDR5.It's having 4K resolution. Right from the grub screen to Ubuntu, it's having very very small fonts. Is there any way i can increase the fonts size?This is a real nice laptop - real MacBook Pro killer..getting very popular...and i can see a lot of folks will be having the same issue.Edit 1I messed up my current installation of ubuntu desktop 18.04 LTS and have to reinstall it all over again.Just tried this one now:Adding nouveau.modeset=0 to the boot parameters was much better workaround for smaller fonts and i am having much better resolution now.It's much better solution than others as of now.Seems to ubuntu18.04 LTS is not as stable and much more complex issues with Nvidia graphics card than the previous versions.
How to create an Ubuntu bootable MicroSD card or USB via my non-rooted Android phone? I am new here and I need some help!I have a problem with my laptop,it currently doesn't have an OS!And I must create a bootable MicroSD card or USB via my non-rooted phone. Please tell me how do I burn an OS and make an bootable MicroSD card or USB via my non-rooted Android phone!Thanks to all in advance!Best regards!
HUD doesn't show menu entries on 18.04 Unity It's simple really; where HUD used to present a list to choose from after the first few keystrokes, it shows no list on 18.04 Unity. I've upgraded from 16.04.For example, launch Firefox and press ALT. If you type \"add\" you should see four options listed to choose from on 16.04. On 18.04, I can type \"add\" into the HUD, but no list appears. Same for anything else I type.This affects all applications; Libre Office, Nautilus, Gimp etc.Please help!Edit: Looks like my upgrade took me from 16.04 to 17.10 for some reason. The instructions I followed online said it would take me to the next LTS. I'll do another upgrade and see if that improves things.
How to analyze video card RAM and GPU load? I would like to analyze my video card performance (RAM, load, etc) the way that top, free and lscpu does for my main hardware.Is there an app to do this?
Ubuntu server /etc ownership I have accidentally changed the owner:group for /etc on my dev server. I would like to reset it back to root:root. Can anyone help me with the required steps. If I try : chown root:root etc It refuses by saying ooperation not permitted
How can two users share one folder? Can I put a folder in the top of the main drive (is that the root?) so that the two users of the machine can use it freely. For example, I'd like to put music in it so that both users can import to Rhythmbox. We also need to keep other various files and docs there and we need to edit files created by eachother.I'm not magnificently knowledgeable of term commands, so if someone could give me reasonably detailed instructions, I'd be very grateful.If there's a better way to do what I want; I'm listening...Many thanks.Using Ubuntu 18 (if you want to help with my Ubuntu&lt;>MacOS filesharing problem, please look for my other post).
File permissions are not being preserved while after unarchive tar.gz I'm trying to unarchive tar.gz file using Apache Compress library (Java).How can I preserve files permissions using Apache Compress library when unarchiving tar.gz?
Lock screen without blank in 18.04 I'm running Ubuntu 18.04 on a laptop. When I lock the computer, I want the screen to remain on indefinitely. I do want the computer to lock automatically when it is idle (but still, the screen should remain on).First I tried in Settings -> Power to set Blank Screen to never, but that did not work. I have tried the suggestions from others who asked the same question here, but they are for different versions of Ubuntu and none of them worked for me.Does anyone know how to fix this problem in 18.04?
Lenovo x1 carbon 3rd generation touchpad issues I am using Lenovo x1 carbon 3rd generation with ubuntu 18.04, The touch pad is behaving weird like, If you drag the pointer down to a specific point and removes the finger from the touchpad then the pointer jumps to a random position.An example will be closing a browser tab, Drag the pointer x and remove the finger off the pad, The pointer jumps to a random position.Is it normal, Or is there anything which can help around.Thanks 
Miracast: Ubuntu 18.04 > SmartTV I own a SmartTV from Thomson that supports \"Miracast\" for \"Screen Mirroring\and I have successfull tested it on Android-Device.Now my question is what software I need in Ubuntu 18.04 to mirror the screen + sound from Linux to SmartTV.Unfortunately, I have not found anything on this.
Dual boot /w Win, want to change my Xubuntu to Ubuntu Dual boot /w Win, want to change my Xubuntu to Ubuntu.What would be the most convenient way to do that? I want the system to be as bloat-free as possible, so I went as far as thinking about formatting Xubuntu completely just to install Ubuntu from scratch.Also, how would I do that without destroying my Win partitions, and keeping the Grub intact?Edit:And what if all I'm doing is changing the DE, does purging xfce4 really removes everything that is unnecessary?
Are nvidea-cuda SDK binaries in ubuntu repositories up to date? I wonder how can I check those binaries in repo and compare to download from nvidia's site before installing.
How to install Kubuntu 18.04 on an external hard disk? In previous versions of Ubuntu, one needed to create a swap partition and a primary partition formatted as ext4, however, Ubuntu 18.04 uses a swap file instead of a swap partition. So just to make sure, I only need to create a primary partition and the Ubiquity installer will take care of the rest, right?   
Disappearing Apps I just installed Ubuntu 18.04 on my new comp. I was looking through the apps, tried one out and when I went back into the apps menu, over 50% of my apps were gone. I have looked through everything and can not bring them back. If I go into Ubuntu Software, it shows them as installed, but I have to look them up by name and I am not familiar with all the app names yet.
How do I move a window past the screen edge I am using one screen and am trying to do 2 things at once. I am watching netflix and playing runescape. In windows I could move the application to only show half the game window(Runescape client)In ubuntu It does not let me move the game window past the edge of the screen. Am I making sense?
how to access openvpn outside my LAN I freshely installed an OpenVpn on my machine which runs ubuntu server 18.04 LTS. I scanned my ports with nmap it seems to be my ISP filtered all ports so i'm unable to do port forwarding. Is there any way to access OpenVpn outside my LAN without port forwarding.
Sofware center hanging.. Newly installed 16.04 on new dell laptop. Tried using software centre in order to download skype. Software centre failed to launch, hanging for a while. Launcher info corrupt?Not sure in what sequence:launched as software-center from command line (but did not find skype)re-installed and rebooteddid not launch from launcher, so removed entry from launcherre-installed again, still not finding either skype or opencpn (apps that I use)So much old info around very confused as to current status.. 
Add Images to video I want to add some images to my mp4 video,one at the beginning and 3-4 at the end, thats all, I dont have any experience with videos before, whats the best software for do that? Im using Ubuntu 18.04
Set persistent notification for certain app The problem: I recieve skype messages while afk and I don't notice the little orange dot in the trayicon when I'm back.The question: I'd like to make Skype's notifications persistent on screen (until I dismiss them) so that I don't miss them. Is it possible to make notifications sent by apps persistent?I'm on: Ubuntu 18.04 LTS using Skypeforlinux (Skype version 8.22.0.2)Any other solution to make me notice skype's notifications (like make blinking dock icon) is welcomedP.S. it is not a duplicate of older similar question since those refer to a different skype version that didn't used the system notification by default. Now it does and it isn't possible to customize it anymore (I was used to setup a messagebox whenever a message from a new chat was sent)
How to detect https traffic with iptables u32 module? How would I detect http traffic through u32 module of iptables?
How can I format an encrypted hard drive in Ubuntu? some time ago, a laptop broke down. I managed to save the ram, the processor and the hard drive, that disk had a Window$ 10 installed and is encrypted by BIOS. Instead of throwing it, I would like to format it and put a casing to be able to use it as an external disk.How could I do this? Thanks.
Laptop not coming back from sleep after lid close I'm using Ubuntu 16.04 LTS on an ROG Strix GL553. I have a problem when I close the laptop lid. The computer goes to sleep but when I open it back again it gets stuck on a black screen.I belive there's something wrong with the Nvidia Geforce GTX 1050 drivers. I'm not sure how can I solve this, installing nvidia-current driver makes computer stuck on login.Edit: I tried suspending the laptop manually and same thing happens, screen remains black.
Something blocks Ctrl+Alt+left/right-arrow keyboard combination In Ubuntu 18.04 I'm not able to assign Ctrl+Alt+\u2190 or Ctrl+Alt+\u2192 to anything. To be precise I may bind it to something, but it doesn't work when using the keyboard combination, up/down arrows do however work. .The strange thing is that the system detects the keyboard combinations when assigning a key, but not when trying to use them. As a result the keyboard combinations don't work in any other programs either.
How-to-install, lubuntu-core_0.94_amd64.deb I want to make a small as possible Lubuntu. I have downloaded Desktop, Alt and Mini.What I have no idea about is, Core....lubuntu-core_0.94_amd64.debI don't know how to do a fresh install with a .deb file.Is this the same as the new Ubuntu Core/snaps?
Is there a specific format a USB needs to be to boot from? Does the USB I'm booting from need a specific format to work?I have a USB stick capable of being formatted to FAT32, NTFS and one or two more different formats. If I download the latest Ubuntu onto my computer and put it on the USB, does it matter if the USB is formatted to NTFS? I ask this because FAT32 can't hold the full file size.I'm doing this to recover my Root Password in order to update my PC.
Is there a specific format a USB needs to be to boot from? Does the USB I'm booting from need a specific format to work?I have a USB stick capable of being formatted to FAT32, NTFS and one or two more different formats. If I download the latest Ubuntu onto my computer and put it on the USB, does it matter if the USB is formatted to NTFS? I ask this because FAT32 can't hold the full file size.I'm doing this to recover my Root Password in order to update my PC.
When I am doing sudo apt-get update I got stuck at this : 0% [Connecting to in.archive.ubuntu.com (2001:67c:1560:8001::14)] [Connecting to security.ubuntu.com (2001:67c:1360:8001::17)]
How to split an ODS spreadsheet file into csv files per sheet on the terminal? I would like to split a spreadsheet (ods or xlsx) into multiple csv files, one for each sheet in the spreadsheet.I would like to do this without launching a graphical app and preferably in a one liner.Any ideas?Though the linked duplicate provides a possible solution in one of the answers (not in the accepted one) and was helpful. The solution does not work with ODS files as I requested, and I consider the question to be sufficiently different.
Installation of Windows 10 & Ubuntu 18.04, Ubuntu 18.04 & Windows 10 I have installed Windows 10 and then Ubuntu 18.04, I can see grub and able to choose between the OS's.Later after somedays, I have installed Ubuntu 18.04 First and then Windows 10, this time system is directly booting to windows 10. But i observed that my linux partitions are there and all data is available. Only thing is it is not showing grub, booting directly to Windows. How can i resolve this. I prefer not to install any software or using shift key all the time to select between OS's.
DoTA 2 freeze when trying to open audio settings (Ubuntu 18.04) so I've a problem here. I've just install DoTA 2 through Steam today. Everythings is working no problem except for one thing. Every time I want to go to audio settings page, its just freeze. I know it's not a big problem because I still can playing the games but it's just bother me a lot. I really want to settings my microphone, speakers, music volume, and etc.I don't think it's audio drivers problem since the games still having audio on. I really appreciate if you want to help me, Thanks!EDITProblems solved after i run the game via Terminal. I don't know why, since then my audio settings page can be accessed.
remove 'System' menu from top panel I have Mate desktop installed on Ubuntu and I'm trying to hide the complete 'System' menu on the top panel using commandline but couldn't figure out how to do that.Please could anyone provide some help?Thanks
System can not reboot after completing installation Recently, I made a bootable USB stick with version 18.04 and install OS from the USB stick to the hard disk.The installation process follows the normal steps without any special configuration.The whole installation process is correct and completed.Then it shows a button to request doing the system reboot. The steps of the reboot as follows:Push the button, the system is trying to reboot.The message show \"Please remove the installation medium, then reboot\".Remove USB stick physically.Type ENTER key and wait for a while.However, there is no response and message stops requesting for removing medium.How about \"then reboot\"? Does it mean to press the ENTER key and wait for the reboot by itself, or push system reset button (send reset signal) physically?  
The \"Install Ubuntu alongside Windows 10\" option not available I am currently running Windows 10. I have 3 more local drive partitions namely D, E and F along with C drive and System Reserved G drive. I want to install Ubuntu 18.04 LTS in C drive (which also has Windows 10) which has around 75GB free space out of 150GB. My computer uses BIOS and not UEFI.I am not getting Install Ubuntu alongside Windows 10 option, so I saw some videos on Youtube and saw that they are shrinking the space of C drive. But I am only getting 4440 MB available to shrink but I have 75 GB free! I want to have at least 20-25 GB for Ubuntu.How can I increase the available shrink space of C drive?Also, can I install Ubuntu in F drive which is of 180GB size? I can move the files from F drive to any other drive for that matter. Will I still get the option to load either Windows 10 or Ubuntu in the boot menu?
How to enter hexadecimal values from the extended ASCII table I am running Ubuntu 14.10, and I would like to enter characters from the console using hexadecimal code. To do this, I am using the combination Alt+ Shift+u+Hexcode. On my computer this works fine until Ascii character 127, but entering a value above will result in a character different from the extended Ascii table. For example, Alt +Shift+u+FF results in a y with two dots above. This is not the correct value from the ASCII table. I guess I need to configure my character set, but I don`t know how. I only found foreign sets like hyroglyphs. How can I ender ASCII characters from the extended Ascii set?Best regards,Thomas
wifi adapter not found after installing Ubuntu 18.04 on acer v5 I recently installed Ubuntu 18.04 on my Acer v5, initially alongside windows 10. After installing I had no wifi connection. Doing some research on the net for some answers I read a couple of times that I should disable secure boot. I entered the bios and tried to disable it but I could not select that option. It was jumping right from boot mode to change boot order. Instead I changed the boot mode from uefi to legacy boot, thinking that I could change it back if it was not working. When I restarted my laptop it was showing operating system not found but since then I can not enter the bios anymore to change it back to uefi mode. If I press F2 nothing happens.According to my engineering boyfriend windows could not be saved anymore so I decided to install ubuntu 18.04 in legacy boot instead but it did not fix the network problem. It can still not find the network adapter. We tried a couple of suggestions we found on the internet but nothing is working. It seems that all the necessary packeges did not came with the version of Ubuntu that I downloaded (from the official website) and installed. I can not plug in a cable as I have no port for that so I can not do any updates or install other stuff. The only thing I can do is download it on another computer and put it on a usb stick. We tried to look for the right driver but could not find one for ubuntu and have not been able to install it. This should be the driver version for windows v6.30.223.170 BroadcomI hope someone can help me fix this problem.
Audio-recorder not recording in Ubuntu 18.04 Had Audio-Recorder working in earlier versions. Installed Ubuntu 18.04 and installed Audio-Recorder. There is no audio being recorded. Both \"Built-in Audio Analogue Stereo (Audio Output)\" or \"System's default device\" sources tried with same result. The level indicator at the top of the window also shows nothing. Can't find anything relevant with a Google search. Any advise please.ThanksTony
Export CPU usage of SINGLE PROCESS in csv format I want to collect data about the CPU utilization of a SINGLE PROCESS over time. I tried to wrap the collection of data (e.g. using pidstat) in a while loopwith a one second sleep, but it does not work. I also tried using collectl but I did not manage to find an option to collect the data of a single process (I tried with --procfilter p , but the output was not reliable.Is there a standard (possible open source) tool that measures the CPU utilization of a SINGLE PROCESS (using the PID) over time and gives the possibility to dump these data in a csv file?
Firefox Quantum installed but doesn't see internal or external storage drives I recently installed Ubuntu 18.04 on my home desktop and went to upgrade my copy of Firefox to the new Quantum version. My computer is set up with two internal hard drives; and SSD for the OS and a 1tb WD hard drive for storage. The 'old' version of Firefox could see or navigate to the internal storage drive... the Quantum version can't see/find that drive OR any external drives attached to my computer. Google Chrome has no issues with the internal drive, and I don't think the drive is at fault since Chrome can find and save to it, and the old version of Firefox (now re-installed) can find and save to the internal drive... so what's going on with Firefox Quantum?<br><br>Mount at system startup is checked<br>Show in use interface is checked<br>Require additional authorization is NOT checked<br>NO Display Name<br>NO Icon Name<br>NO Symbolic Icon Name<br>unamed field has these properties: nosuid,nodev,nofail,x-gvfs-show<br>Mount Point = /mnt/Storage_Disc_01<br>Identify As = /dev/disk/by-label/Storage_Disc_01<br>Fiesystem Type = auto<br>What am I doing wrong, or can Firefox Quantum only see the drive it's installed on?
Getting iso from mirrors How do I download the ISO file for a Linux distro from a mirror site? When I open mirrors, it shows a directory with multiple files. What exactly are they?
Ubuntu 18.04 freezes when several applications are running, even keyboard is dead I'm running ubuntu 18.04 in an Aspire-M7811 desktop with a processor Intel\u00ae Core\u2122 i5 CPU 650 @ 3.20GHz \u00d7 4. The case is that:when I open several aplications it freezes at all, even the keyboard is dead so I can only power down the pc.Thanks for your help!
Remove a gnome workspace Sometimes I mistakenly rearrange windows so there is an empty workspace at the top or middle of the list. So I need to move all the windows \"up\" to get rid of it. Annoying.How can I remove a specific workspace?
Monitor sleep on MacBook with Ubuntu Server w/o X My old MacBook should be used as a home server. How can i activate a display sleep on the console. There is no X installed. It's the first time I'm using a cli only installation.At the moment there is a 17.x version installed, I want to upgrade it to 18.4 if I can solve the display problem. I don't need the \"light\" in my network rack :-)I don't know how to start a search for this topic because it's quite special with a Notebook :-)kr basti
Panel Transparency in KDE Plasma Okay, So using Kubuntu/KDE Plasma 5.13, I can obviously change colors, add panels and do a lot of personalization stuff that I really like. But what I am really interested in is changing the transparency/translucency of the panel. I can't do it via settings/(any other GUI stuff) obviously. Is there any kind of tweak (editing configuration files, etc.), coz I know it's possible as they create translucent/transparent themes. How is this done?
Boot and log in without fallback to text console This is something I have noticed happening for a long time now, and I see it in various flavours of Ubuntu.  At the moment I happen to be using Ubuntu Studio.As the system boots past grub, you get a nice graphical Ubuntu Studio animated logo for a while, but then, just before the login screen appears, it drops back to the text console, where you see various things at different times (like system startup logging - as you'd see if you pressed escape while Plymouth is displaying the logo, and even a login prompt at times), but typically it at least shows the filesystem status (as clean usually), then it switches back to graphical mode for the login dialog.It would look very much neater if it didn't flash the text console on screen like this.  I am just wondering why it does this, and would like a fix?  I know it's no biggy.  I just get curious about odd things :)
Pages loading too long on new router (Ubuntu 18.04) I have replaced my router with a new one. Internet speed is the same, but I have problem that certain pages load for too long. Google searches appear instantly, for example, but Youtube and Facebook need 10 seconds or more to load. I can't even access Messenger on Facebook. When I play video on Youtube it runs smoothly, but I have to wait very long for page to load.enp2s0: flags=4163 mtu 1500 inet 192.168.10.100 netmask 255.255.255.0 broadcast 192.168.10.255 inet6 fe80::f036:3f4e:b7d4:d8eb prefixlen 64 scopeid 0x20 ether ac:e2:d3:7e:89:4e txqueuelen 1000 (Ethernet) RX packets 743620 bytes 1063295359 (1.0 GB) RX errors 0 dropped 0 overruns 0 frame 0 TX packets 376777 bytes 36479304 (36.4 MB) TX errors 0 dropped 0 overruns 0 carrier 0 collisions 0
CR2 Photos compressing from Windows 7 to Ubuntu Right now I'm going to completely move to Linux. I need to move my photos from a laptop running Windows 7 to a PC running Ubuntu. I tried sending it via Google Drive (single file, ZIP archive, RAR archive) and via USB. In all four cases Image Viewer on Ubuntu says the image is 1288x1936 (RMB >> Properties), but Picasa Photo Viewer in Windows says the image is 2602x3906. Also, the size of the file remains the same on both machines: 9,287,417 bytes. The photos are in the 'CR2' format (Canon Raw Image). Why do images get compressed?Sending a JPEG image via Google Drive resulted in the same image size. Maybe Picasa Photo Viewer or Ubuntu's Image Viewer treats the 'CR2' format wrong?Converting this photo from CR2 to JPEG in Windows (through a website) makes it 1288x1936, just as Linux says.
How to identify Ubuntu VM is running on VMware on-premises cloud or VMware cloud in AWS? I need to Identify my Ubuntu VM is running on VMware on-premises cloud or VMware cloud in AWS (aws.amazon.com/vmware). I have root access to my Ubuntu VM. I do not have any access to VMware cloud or AWS cloud. 
How to install Ubuntu 18.04 on SSD+HDD hybrid with proper partitioning? I have an 128 gig SDD and a 1TB HDD.  I want to use my ssd for root and home partition  and use the HDD for mass storage where I'll store movies and other files. How do I do that?
Database connection error I never used Ubuntu, and now I installed Ubuntu 18.04, and I have a problem with connection to Database.I'm not so familiar with the working with servers and things like that, so can anyone tell me what the problem is and how to fix it?
How to delete multiple folders from multiple Directories from command line I want to write a script for my Ubuntu users to delete multiple files from different directories at once. I what to run this on cron job so that it will do automatically. Eg. (I want to delete the files which are under Desktop, Downloads, Documents like the directories). I Don't want to delete the hidden files. only i want to delete from few directories.Any help will be appreciate
Upgrading Python 3.6 to 3.7 in Ubuntu 18.04 LTS Since Python 3.7 is already launched, I wanted to ask when will Ubuntu 18.04 will get an update to upgrade the Python3'sversion?
Install ubuntu in one specefic drive on win10 I have win10 installed on my laptop, with 5 drive C,D,E,F,G...I'm gonna install ubuntu14.4 beside win10 ... Wanna install on drive G: 200GB, but the installation wizard does not show my derives ... How can I select drive G for installation ? Are all my drives will be safe on windows after I installed Ubuntu?
How to run .sh file by click in Xubuntu? We should type ./file.sh in terminal to run sh. Is there way to run it as executable file by double click ?
Powertop shows ~30W, and fans working somewhat hard, during light internet browsing I have an MSI GS65, on which I installed 18.04 alongside Windows 10.Things are generally going well, but I notice my fans are often going at a moderate clip, and the battery life is not so great. Running powertop at the terminal shows I'm often drawing nearly 30W! System monitor reveals CPU's are not under particular strain (mostly closer to 0% than 20% usage) and RAM is ~33% usage.  I'm having a little bit of difficulty further diagnosing the problem. I don't think it's the nvidia drivers (I'm using nouveau drivers), but I could be wrong. I've also already installed tlp, and set all powertop tunables to 'good'.I'll be very grateful for any ideas.EDIT: Still having this problem on 18.10
How do I make the hardware power-off button show a menu/zenity message on fluxbox or other alternative window managers (16.04)? When I press the hardware power button and the login screen (or unity) is running I get a nice \"are you sure you want to shutdown\" message.When I am running fluxbox, I get a software shutdown, but no message/confirmation.Is there any way to change that? I don't mind writing the zenity script/program, I just need a place to put it.
Can I install PHP 5.3.5 on Ubuntu Server 18.04 LTS? I want to know how to install PHP 5.3 on Ubuntu Server 18.04 LTS, because I have a system that requires PHP 5.3 only.Is this possible?
Is it possible to get GIMP 2.10.4 work on Ubuntu 16.04? I tried to install it from source, but there some dependencies problems, a lot and I don't know how to get them - it seems like they not in repo.Could you get GIMP 2.10.4 work on your Ubuntu 16.04 ? How to install (and where to get them) all necessary for dependencies ?
18.04 Sound Through hdmi I have had an issue with sound ever since I installed Ubuntu. On boot up I can select HDMI sound and it works, when the monitor sleeps one of two things happen.Either the sound reverts to another source and I have to switch back to it in the settings, which is annoying but not unrecoverable, or the sound stays on the HDMI source but I get no sound and have to reboot to get it back.throughout this the HDMI source is always available and I can select it. but I always have one of the two issues.I am loving the experience with Linux at the moment but this is starting become a deal breaker, can someone please help ?thanks
How to customize the LXTerminal console in Lubuntu 16.04? first say hello, I'm new to the site.I just installed Ubuntu 16.04.4 LTS on my computer and I still have to familiarize myself with the OS.One of the things I can not change is the appearance of LXTerminal, which comes from black background and white letters.I just wanted to change, for example, the color of the place where I am.Example: user @ user: ~ / Documents $As I say, everything is blank. Only the directories that are blue change.I have seen several articles, but in none I find the editing tools that this console has.It shows me: Edit> Preferences> And there are only four tabs to choose from:Style, Show, Advanced, ShortcutsI can not find a way to give it a little appearance, I have seen that with commands it is also possible, but with what I saw so far I am not capable.If you can give me some idea or where to look for information.Thank you
Installing Bionic Beaver freezes in the first purple screen I want to fresh install ubuntu 18.04. When I boot it from USB Drive, and after selecting install ubuntu, it freezes in the first purple screen and after 1 hour waiting, nothing happens. I have currently ubuntu 16.04 installed.
Attempting to install ubuntu 18.04 for dual boot with windows 10 home non functional I've been trying many times now to install Ubuntu 18.04 on a new Lenovo Y520 machine with Windows 10 home pre-installed. The windows install is on the original SSD. I added another SSD for the Ubuntu install and operation. After downloaded the amd64 (desktop) iso image and using rufus 3.1 to build flash driver image, things do not go as described in the many instruction flows I can find on the web. First thing, I created a 20GB open space on the Windows SSD (disk 1, the new ssd is disk 0). The ubuntu flash drive seems to function OK when I boot into it and \"try ubuntu\" instead of install\" Grub comes right up and asks to try, or install. Bringing up Gparted to setup petitions as described in various install instructions, only disk0 (the new ssd with nothing on it) shows up. That is the first clue to me things are not going well.So skip that, try again, at grub select install ubuntu. Ok, that process starts, but never get the option to \"install alongside windows\" which some instruct to for dual boot operation. So, skip that and choose something else and manually setup portions as instructed. The install seems to be going well. I setup a userid and password, initialize wifi connection with my network. Reboot using F12/powerup, select the new ssd (disk0) and login, then the desktop basically freezes when trying to run anything. I can start up terminal. First command, a few seconds- freeze. Cannot shut down, must use power button.OK, try another tack. Completely wipe the usb drive. Do a complete format the slow way on windows. Then build the boot flash drive again with a new download of amd64 version. Load up with Rufus again. This time boot into Ubuntu USB drive as before. This time select install and select the Erase entire drive option (after creating a windows recovery drive). Since ubuntu seems only capable of seeing the new empty SSD, seems low risk. OK, go through all the steps again, same response. After reboot, no wifi, lockup.Reboot again with wired LAN connection. Ubuntu says I have network connection, however attempt to start firefox- lockup.This is taking way way too many hours to get working. With the wired LAN connect, I tried apt-get, you guessed it- lock up, power cycle.Oh yes, on the SSD disk1 (windows) not being recognized, I matched the usb boot drive format to the drive partition type (GUID) of the 20GB partition on disk1 (windows SSD).Since the new SSD (disk0) is empty, I'm not finding what type UEFI, or GUID. Maybe this is not possible on Windows10 home? Need pro? just a wag.Please somebody help.
Dual Boot with two SSDs and full Encryption I have a PC with two hard drives. Windows 10 is installed on C: (SSD) and I have an HDD (which is formatted in NTFS, I want to use that HDD for both OSs), Windows is installed in UEFI mode.<br>I want to buy another SSD and build that one in my PC and install Ubuntu 18.04 on it.Furthermore I'd like the two SSDs to be fully encrypted (maybe with VeraCrypt). In my point of view I have to do the following steps:Build in the new SSDInstall Ubuntu on the SSDAfter Installation encrypt Windows and Ubuntu Installation with VeraCryptIs that the right way? Is there something I have to keep in mind during installation?Edit (27.07.2018)I understand, that I have to encrypt Ubuntu during installation with LUKS. What I quite don't know is how to create the partitions.I'll have two partitions:/dev/sdc1 - fat32 - /boot - 500 MB/dev/sdc2 - ? - / - rest of ssd sizeDo I have to choose ext4 root or do I have to choose physical volume for encryption?
Deja: Save backup at more places I want make a backup with deja and save this backup local and about ssh for example.Is it possible to choose two or more places? 
How to return status 301 on port 80 without webserver Is there any way to implement HTTP redirect on port 80 if there's no web servers installed?I want to protect my server from random access and redirect whoever hits port 80 or 443 there to the main websites. Right now it is setup to drop connection attempts on both ports.I know, I could've created simple app that will listen port 80 and return http header with 301 status, but I'm curious if that's can be done kinda native?
No internet connection after updating Ubuntu 16.04 LTS I updated my system a few days ago and cannot access to internet anymore using my Ethernet cable (nor with wifi, but it never worked).I have Windows on the same computer, which still recognizes the cable and allows internet connection.ifconfig only shows \"lo\" local lookback element, without any other paragraph. I have reset the etc/resolve.conf file, restarted network manager, etc. with no success.
Cant pin wine apps in latte dock I cant pin wine apps in latte dock, Anyone knows how to get it to work? and don't ask me to switch to another dock just help me to get it fixed  :)I'm in Kubuntu 18.04
wine needs Mono but does not install it Just installed the latest wine on 16.04 (all updated+upgraded) and tried to run a windows installer \"wine nn4me.exe\" and it showed \"...needs .NET, but it is better to use ... Mono ...\" and an \"Install\" button.I clicked that and nothing happened. Waited five minutes, still no activity on the progress-bar nor on the modem/router LEDs.Thought it might be a \"sudo\" thing so tried \"sudo wine nn4me.exe\" and got a message \"you don't own wine\"How do I get it to install Mono and my program?Thanks
Are there any commands I can use to ensure that the NTP service is running and is also responsive? Are there any commands I can use to ensure that the NTP service is running and is also responsive?What I am planning to do it have some monitory &amp; remediation scrip to ensure that a couple of services are running and are responsive and especially NTP. And if the service is not running or is not responsive then have it restart the service or check again, and if it still fails for 3 times send an alert email.Thanks in Advance!
Streaming pulseaudio to Internet I want to transmit my PC pulseaudio (music) through Internet, from a WineHQ audio app.The app is sounding in my speakers and all looks so fine!!!Which Ubuntu software I have to use to take that audio and put it into the Internet Audio Streaming Service???
Ubuntu 18.04 suspends every 10 seconds i installed ubuntu 18.04 on my notebook and when i login my screen goes black after about 10 seconds and i have to login again.I updated everything after installation and tried to upgrade to kernel version 4.17.8.But i have still the same issue.Could you help me please?Thanks!
How to delete Ubuntu files loaded on Vmware permanently to increase disk space c When I delete a any program or file on Ubuntu, the C disk space does not increase on Windows 10. How can I delete unnecessary Ubuntu files to increase the disk space?
how do you play world of tanks on ubuntu how do you play wot on unbuntu.I`m new to linux os and know how to do about nothing on how to use it. 
Ubuntu 18.04 running slow on vbox (Gaming PC) I have a gaming pc (windows 10) with:GPU: 4 gb (nvidia GTX) CPU: 8 cpu's , 16 gb of ram (Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-7700HQ CPU @ 2.80GHz)To try to make ubuntu faster i've changed the settings of vbox so this are my current:What can i do to make it run smooth since i have a computer good enough for that?
Ubuntu gets stuck in loading screen Whenever I try to boot Ubuntu I get a firmare bug that says the ACPI region does not cover the entire command / response buffer. Thats followed by soft system lockup for 22 seconds on cpu 2 followed by a hard lock up on cpu 1. When I run the system compatibility diagnostic thing it says I have a firmware error and need to update my e microcode to 0xb2 or later. What does this mean and how would I fix this? I'm assuming it's related to not being able to boot.
Vbox and IP, bridged addapter I have a few computrers connected to one network, they are running Oracle Virtual box with linux and host is windows, will they have a IP conflict or someting like that, (they are using bridged addapter function)
I'm using Ubuntu Server for a simple home server - do I need cloud-init? Having installed it (18.04), I then came across cloud-init and was initially quite confused. If I've understood correctly, its purpose is to provide instance initialisation/customisation for a system launched on a cloud platform. I'm not in this environment - I'm used to hard-wiring config changes and not have something mess with them. For me, cloud-init looks to be just an unnecessary layer of confusion.So, have I understood what cloud-init does? Do I need it, and if not, can I get rid of it without breaking anything?
Ubuntu won't boot after changing mounts So I was trying to mount a drive on boot. I was editing /etc/fstab and then I rebooted to see if my drive would mount on boot. Now I can't do anything. The prompt I see Give root password for maintenance(or press Control-D to continue): When I press Control-D this prints: sulogin: cannot read /dev/tty1: Operation not permittedI've tried all kinds of root passwords but none of them work. I tried to tap shift while it boots and nothing happens.EDIT: This question is not a duplicate because when I press Control-D at the prompt I get an error message I'm on a Pine64. Is there any way to salvage the device or save the files?Bootable USB's do not work
To install canon printer I brought a canon pixma G 2000 printer.I can't install it. Please help me to solve the issue.
Completely remove Notepad++ How to completely remove Notepad++ in Ubuntu 18.04 terminal?I can't find it in Synaptic package manager, and don't know where is on system, but I can see an icon in Activity. It is probably not completely installed, because I can't open it.
ubuntu 18.04 steam installation I am new to ubuntu/linux. My question will be about installing steam on my second ext4 formatted hdd.Mind you, not just the downloaded steam games but the steam program and the games. (once i install steam program then i know there is an option to choose the game installation directory from within steam application)So the hdd is clean without any data on it, it is formatted as ex4 and when I click the mount option from the default gnome disk application, it automatically mounts the hdd as /media/\"myname\"/\"data\" where data is the volume label of the disk.I want to install steam on this disk and just keep it for steam games and gaming purposes.By now, you must have understood that i could not have yet figured out the linux file system by a long shot, however i intend to.This is all windows' fault as all we learn in computers these days is where to click and where to double click. When we want more, we just right click.Anyhow, good riddance for me.Question: Can steam app/client/program be installed on the above mentioned drive and how ? Do you guys predict any problems for me to face should i manage to do so ?thanks a lot.(i suspect i might have broken a few ask ubuntu rules in this post but hey, this is my very first question about linux ever)edit: i don't have windows on my system. Just ubuntu 18.04
How do I reset Ubuntu 18.04 to factory defaults? so I have a PC with Ubuntu 18.04 on it and I'm going to be selling it. I'm just asking how I can reset it to factory defaults, like getting rid of everything I installed and everything? Thanks in advance.
How to have both libcurl3 and libcurl4 installed at same time? My favorite web brower depends on libcurl3 (Opera 36.0) But many apps depends on libcurl4 including PlayOnLinux or Steam client. It will be nice to have PlayOnLinux or Steam installed but I'm not giving up my favorite web browser. Do someone knows workaround how I can have installed both of them ? I readed somewhere that libcurl4 is based on libcurl3 so I have no idea why they keep uninstalling each other.
Disable touchpad while typing in LXQt Runing LXQt on Kubuntu 18.04.In the configuration, there is no option to disable touchpad while typing.How do I get this done? Touchpad should be re-enabled after a small delay after the last keystroke?
xfce Desktop Doesn't Load In I'm running into this strange issue when using xfce where my desktop (wallpaper + desktop icons) won't load in after a reboot until I log out and back in. I don't believe I messed with any settings that would affect this, but I'm not entirely sure. Do you guys have any solutions other than reinstalling xfce and if not, is there some way to back up my themes + settings so that I can restore them after a reinstall?I'm running Ubuntu 16.04 with xfce as a desktop environment
How can I keep the network up when I close my laptop lid? I'm running ubuntu 18.04 on an asus laptop.When I close the lid of the laptop, the laptop drops off my home network.How can I keep its connection to network open?
How to update Qt from 5.5.1 to 5.9.5 on Ubuntu 16.04 Currently, Ubuntu 16.04 has Qt up to 5.5.1 while Ubuntu 18.04 has Qt up to 5.9.5. Currently I'm forced to use Ubuntu 16.04, however, I need to use a program that needs Qt 5.9. How could I update Qt to version 5.9.5?Note that I'm configuring it on a docker container. This means that the solution shouldn't involve GUI.
Compilation errors in Ubuntu 18.04 LTS for a QT-based project When running make, the following errors appear in terminal:<br><br>//usr/local/lib/liblua.a(loadlib.o)\u00a0: In function \u00ab\u00a0lookforfunc\u00a0\u00bb\u00a0:loadlib.c:(.text+0x576): warning\u00a0: Using 'dlopen' in statically linked applications requires at runtime the shared libraries from the glibc version used for linking<br><br>/usr/bin/x86_64-linux-gnu-ld\u00a0: cannot find -lQt5Widgets<br>/usr/bin/x86_64-linux-gnu-ld\u00a0: cannot find -lQt5Gui<br>/usr/bin/x86_64-linux-gnu-ld\u00a0: cannot find -lQt5Core<br>/usr/bin/x86_64-linux-gnu-ld\u00a0: cannot find -lGL<br>collect2: error: ld returned 1 exit status
Kubuntu: Show programs only on their workspace When switching workspaces (Virtual Desktops); is there a way to make programs only show up on their belonging workspace? By default all programs are visible on the taskbar, even if the program is on a different workspace. If you click the program, it will take you to the workspace it belongs to. I do not want any programs showing up that does not belong to the current workspace I am on.Help will be very much appreciated.I am running on Ubuntu 18.04, with the Kubuntu Desktop.
Fn keys for volume and brightness don't work on Lenovo Thinkpad e460 running Ubuntu 18.04 On my Lenovo Thinkpad e460, Fn keys don\u00b4t work.I tried to enable/disable in the BIOS but it didn't help. When I was using fedora with GNOME 3 on this device it worked perfectly. I don't know how to adjust volume or display brightness without the Fn keys. What could be the problem and how can I fix it?
Hard drives and partitions not showing up under files > on this computer disk utility shows both internal drives yet when I look under files > other locations > on this computer, I only see one partition of one of the drives, called computer. This is after doing a fresh install where I partitioned one drive for the os, swap, and efi, and another for /home. Another strange thing I noticed is that the drive i'm using to boot is labeled dev/sdb, and the one for the home directory is labeled dev/sda. I'm a total newb when it comes to linux and any help would be greatly appreciated.
18.04.1 Software Updater erratic in choosing nearest mirror When trying to obtain a close software updater mirror in Canada, system will show mirror(s) in Vietnam, U.S.A, or any other place other than Canada.Consequently I have to choose a mirror manually.Any suggestions will be greatly appreciated.
Using built-in GUI tools, how do I partition/format an empty drive (zeroed out)? so I'm trying to partition/format a zeroed out USB drive using Disks app.When formatting, it doesn't give me an option to select GPT/MBR. All I get see it an option to select filesystem. I had to install gparted to get what I want.BUT it's possible, I am doing it wrong too.Thanks!edit: command I use to zero out disk: dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sdX count=1000 bs=1M
Rabbit VCS on Ubuntu 18.04 - not showing menu in Nautilus I'm having problems using Rabbit VCS integration with Nautilus under Ubuntu 18.04. Installation from the Bionic Beaver PPA does not seem to work at all while using the procedure presented on their web page, as there is not a candidate for 18.04.Any hints on how to make it running?Thanks in advance.
Stuck with install of dual-boot on \u201cremove installation media\u201d I am trying to install a dual-boot system on my windows computer (HP Spectre).  I have turned off secure boot and fast boot, partitioned my hard drive (I gave 100GB to Ubuntu) and created a USB Drive that was formatted to have the Ubuntu boot on it (I don\u2019t have a DVD drive on my computer, so I have to use USB).  I used Rufus 3.1 to accomplish this.  I also changed my boot order to boot first to the USB HDD.When I boot up with the USB drive inserted, it boots to the GRUB Menu.  I have tried both \"Try Ubuntu\" and \"Install Ubuntu\".  Both bring me to an Ubuntu loading screen, and then to one that says \u201cPlease remove the installation medium, then press ENTER\u201d.  If I do not do anything, it will just stay there.  If remove the USB drive and press enter, it shuts down the computer.  If I DON\u2019T remove the USB drive and just press enter, the same occurs.After the shutdown, I have tried to restart.  Restart without the USB drive loads Windows 10.  Restart with the USB drive brings me back to the GRUB startup screen.I have tried multiple USB ports and USB drives, so that is not the issue.  The computer is a 2018 model laptop with intel i7, 16GB RAM, and a SSD - power or RAM shouldn\u2019t be a problem. I have also tried the \u201ccheck for problems with the disk\u201d option - it shows no issues. Heat is also not an issue - I tried this in the refrigerator and freezer, and it occurs no matter how hot or cool the computer runs.  At this point, I\u2019m pretty much out of steps.  Has anyone had the same difficulty?  Does anyone know how to fix it?  Thanks.EDIT: I tried to follow all of the steps in the mentioned article, and it does not solve the problem.  The question fails to explain a working solution to the problem - instillation with the USB media stops at the stage mentioned above, and there\u2019s is no way that I can find (including boot options menu) to get to the boot without the drive installed.  Also, even if I select the \u201ctry Ubuntu\u201d option, I get the same issue - I cannot get into a live Ubuntu Session beyond the Ubuntu loading screenEDIT #2:  I don't know what caused the problem, but I was able to fix through this process:When at the grub bootloader, select the \"try ubuntu\" option, and press \"e\" for edit command.  In the edit command screen, add acpi=off to the end of the first command.  That fixed it for me.  
Persistent xinput settings on 16.04 with Compiz I've tried several different methods to make a permanent change to my mouse button configuration to disable the wheel button (xinput set-button-map 10 1 0 3 from the command line - which works but doesn't last). However, whichever method I try (found many different by searching), it does not even survive locking the screen, let alone logging off and on again, suspending or rebooting.Does anyone have a definitive method that is proven to work?Thanks!
Booting Ubuntu from USB not keeping time setting or user info I have made a bootable USB using RUFUS 3.1, Ubuntu boots fine, it just wont keep my time/date settings or my username and password info. I don't know what else its not keeping these are just the only things I've noticed so far. I'm new to Ubuntu and the Linux environment, any help would be greatly appreciated!
How can I make Ubuntu recognize RAM? I added RAM to my PC with Ubuntu 18.04 but it does not finish booting the system.I added two memories of 2GB each, before had a module of two cards of 1 Gb each. Check the Acer instructions and the ones you buy are compatible.The notebook is Acer Extensa 5620z Intel Pentium 1.46 GHz 533 MHz2 GB DDR2.It does not give any error, because it would sound the beep, but it does not start the system, it passes the Ubuntu logo as always when loading, but it does not start, it keeps the screen with the ubuntu logo (the word ubuntu and the five red dots underneath).Is there any way to make it recognize the new memory, doing it from the BIOS or in safe boot of Ubuntu?Thank you.Edit:I did more tests and the modules are compatible with the laptop.I explain: I had a module of two pieces of 1 GB each. I put the new module of 2 pieces of 2 Gb each. And it did not start.Now I put one of those that had first 1 GB and one of the new 2 GB, and boots perfectly, recognizing the 2.92 Gb.Which means it works.How can I do to accept both 2 GB?
Ubuntu installation for previous versions. (16.04.4) I want to install Ubuntu 16.04.4 version from archive.ubuntu.com repository. however i could always install only 16.04.5..is there a specific method where i can install previous versions within a major version?
Use sleep with minutes and seconds I know how to use sleep 5m for 5 minutes.How would I use it for say 7 mins 30 seconds?
Linux-Headers Reinstall I'm trying upgrade firefox but says that i need to reinstall linux-headers 4.4.0-98.I tried to install but that's it's what happens 'the package linux-headers needs to be reinstalled, but i can't find an archive for it'.
Linux-Headers Reinstall I'm trying upgrade firefox but says that i need to reinstall linux-headers 4.4.0-98.I tried to install but that's it's what happens 'the package linux-headers needs to be reinstalled, but i can't find an archive for it'.
Install Ubuntu 18.04 LTS on small SSD and HDD I read some topics concerning the subject but mostly people have bigger SSD than mine. I have samsung 530U with built-in 14,9GB SSD. I would like to use it somehow but last time I installed Ubuntu on that SSD it ended with lack of space for updates and so on very quickly.How should I mount Ubuntu so I could take advantage of this SSD and not get into trouble in couple of months with inceasing size of operating system. I must add I use hibernation very often. Is it possible?Thank you for all suggestions. Edit: My computer has 8GB RAM, Intel\u00ae Core\u2122 i5-2467M CPU @ 1.60GHz \u00d7 4 , Intel\u00ae Sandybridge Mobile GPU, 64 bit, 14.9 GB SSD, 500GB HDDEdit2: I do clean-up very often with BleachBit with root permissions. Nevertheless system is getting bigger with time even I do that so it is not a solution.  
KVM NAT Port-Forwarding i have Ubuntu 18.04 with KVM and a Debian VM.The Debian VM should accept the port 8834 from outside.Can anyone explain me how it should works?Thanks
Programmatically check unattended upgrades result I have configured unattended-upgrades to run automatically on an Ubuntu Server 18.04. This is working as intended.How can I check the result of the last unattended-upgrades run through a bash script? In particular, I want to detect if downloading update repository lists or downloading or installing any updated package has failed, for whatever reason. I don't need access to error messages, a single boolean flag whether the unattended upgrade succeeded or failed is sufficient. This information will later be used to indicate whether human interaction is required.Clarification: I do not want to access the current unattended upgrades status, I want to access the result (success/failure) of the last time unattended upgrades ran.
Disable user intervention until password entered (not logout) I'm looking for an option to turn user input off (so to say enable read-only mode) leaving the same picture on screen without logging out from the system, but requiring password to be entered to continue doing something.For example, I want to turn on a movie and then lock the system against any action. So if I need to leave the room my friends wouldn't be able to do anything with my laptop, just watch the movie till the end.
Clone backup/restore Ubuntu 18.04 in a dual boot Win/Ubuntu I have a dual boot Win 7 + Ubuntu 14.04LTS + Grub.I mean to have a dual boot Win 10 + Ubuntu 18.04LTS (+ Grub, I guess), with my data in Ubuntu transferred.For this, I guess the right steps are:Clean install 18.04 on top of the existing Ubuntu 14.04.Create a backup copy of Ubuntu 18.04 (partition backup - Clonezilla?).Install Win 10, on the whole disk.Install Ubuntu 18.04 with Grub, shrinking the Win 10 partition, not necessarily to the same size as before.Restore my Ubuntu backup.Assuming I am successful in getting up to point 4, will my restored partition work right away? (without messing up Win 10 or boot)Do I need to take specific precautions during backup/restore (backing up more than one partition, etc.) for the restore to work?EDIT: I could Fresh install Win 10 + Fresh install Ub 18.04 + Recover data by simply copying from a regular backup, as suggested in an answer.That would be steps 3 and 4 above, plus copying.But I would likely need to do the upgrade 14.04 -> 18.04 prior to reinstalling Win, that is why I want to proceed as stated.
ISPConfig set up login page URL I have an Ubuntu 16.04 server with ISPConfig 3.1.I set up many websites and emails, but I would like to log in to the server or account through an URL like domain.com/ispconfig (pretty much like cpanel).How can I set up this URL in order to access to the ISPConfig login page for clients?
Is it possible to dual boot Ubuntu SERVER and Windows 10 home? I have Windows 10 Home up already, and I want to dual boot Ubuntu Server 18.04 with it, but looking around there doesn't seem to be ANY tutorials to do this. I see there are plenty of Ubuntu Desktop and Windows 10 though.
Problem with Windows Boot Manager/BIOS in dual boot PC model- Lenovo Ideapad 300OS- Windows 10 dual booted with Ubuntu 18.04I am not able to start windows or view grub menu or  see Lenovo logo(which was visible earlier) after one fine day I put my Windows to sleep. Sleep mode was working perfectly fine earlier.Now only Ubuntu 18.04 is starting and grub menu is not visible, also windows is not able to start properly. The display is black until Ubuntu loads.How can I recover windows and bios.When grub is updated in terminal it successfully detects all OS.
Cannot log in (nothing happens after entering password) after pressing a key combination at restart The plasma desktop can no longer be started. What could be the reason?Immediately after a restart command (via GUI) I pressed a key combination: CTRL + ALT + another key, I think F1, 1, 2 or F2. I'm not sure about the third button.The next time I booted up, the Kubuntu 16 login screen appeared as usual. After the correct password has been entered, nothing happens at all.
Can Evince doul view change page combinition? When I turn on dual view in Evince (press D), the 2nd and 3rd page will be showed in one screen. How could I change as 1st and 2nd page in one screen?  
18.04 / login loop / Radeon Xpress 1250 (RS600M) on Samsung R60 plus laptop I upgraded my 16.04 to 18.04, I see the login screen, can log in and will be immediately logged out.I know many people have this problem and searched and tried everything:* using lightlm* installed unity desktop* checked for X errors* etc.No success. I really don't have a clue what's going on or how to even track down what's up.Is there any workaround for this problem? Any way to track it down?I suspect that it has to do with the graphics driver. But I didn't install anything special and the graphics card is very old. 16.04 worked... so I'm really wondering how this can happen.
Remove trash icon from desktop and add to Ubuntu dock in Ubuntu 18.04 I just installed Ubuntu 18.04 and don't like having the trash icon on the desktop rather that in the launcher (Ubuntu dock). How can I move it back to the launcher? Can other icons be moved from the desktop to the launcher?
Can't Use Wireless Brother Printer (2270DW) Ubuntu 18.04 I can't get my Brother HL 2270 DW printer to work wirelessly in 18.04, from a clean install on a Dell XPS 13 9360. I've tried for hours, days, using all the methods I can find in various forums, including going through CUPS, installing the Brother drivers via the terminal. Even worse, I don't know what IPP means, or DHCP, or PPD, or CUPS. It's pretty excruciating, as I increasingly find Linux to be, after having children and not having anymore the spare hours to find solutions for simple things. (Apologies for expressing frustration!).I reset the network on the printer, can print via USB connection, but even when I get the printer to appear in my DHCP client list (via TPLink router), I can't ping it from my PC.Any advice for an ignoramus?
Installing Ubuntu 16.04 on RAID configure disk i was trying to install ubuntu 16.04 on a disk configured with RAID 1, but the GRUB fails to install. can somebody please help
How to send and receive packages from phone to computer I want a way to \"control\" my PC without any third party program. Let me explain more. Few days ago I found the Wake On LAN feature, I set it up to my PC and I found it very useful and convenient. I want to set up something similar. I want to send packages from my android phone directly to my computer (like the magic packet mentioned earlier) and then the computer to run a certain python script which I will program. Yes I know that I can set up an Apache web page and run scripts from there but I found it very difficult to set it to run scripts plus that I'll have to open the browser, type the URL and then press the button on the web page. On the other hand, with the packages it will be quicker to send it since it will require less clicks and effort (at least if it is similar to the magic packet...)Note that I don't have a degree or something (in fact I still go to school), I'm just interested in computers.If that helps, here is my OSUbuntu 18.04.1 LTS
I cannot boot normally after online update 23.8.2018 from 16.04 to 18.04 I updated my desktop Pavillion a623.sc from Ubuntu 16.04 LTS to 18.04 LTS. After downloading I could not re-boot nor boot the desktop. The booting process starts, Ubuntu logo comes up, but the password page does not follow, instead only empy lila page stays on the screen. Now I can make booting only manually via ''Ubuntu with Linux 4.15.0-33-generic (recovery mode)'. There I updated also GNU GRUB version 2.02, but it did not help with the booting problem. ((Earlier I made similar online update to my other pc, HP 6930p laptop, and all works OK without any booting problems.))
Ubuntu 18.04 stuck after login in purple screen After putting credentials laptop stuck in purple screen ... I have AMD driver so I can't install proprietery driver either... need help
How to install Ubuntu 16.04 using iso file? I am using an Ubuntu 10.04 system, but now it is not at all supported, so i would like to install Ubuntu 16.04.For that I just downloaded the 16.04 iso file. I would like to install 16.04, so what should I do? can somebody help?I prefer making and using a bootable flash drive but don't know how!. Please help!
Update Software proposes an upgrade to ubuntu 18.04 even if it is a 32bits netbook If UBUNTU discarded the 32bits old machines, how come Software Updater tool suggesta and  pushes to upgrade my 32bits netbook from ubuntu 16.04 to 18.04?   I did it once and the netbook got stuck in the login procedure, it ask for password and it seems to log in but it returns to the password request again (no msg of incorrect password). 
Login screen language ubuntu 18.04 I updated Ubuntu 14.04 to 18.04 and now I can't login because I used danish letters (\u00e6\u00f8\u00e5) in my password in 14.04.<br> After the update was finished the language changed to Swedish who don't use the same letters.<br> I tried to change language in the login screen but when i try it disappears right away.I'm so sad now because I had so many things in the hard drive.<br> Hope anyone have a solution because I tried everything possible i could find here and other places.
To create a dual-boot system: which OS should I install first? I want to reset my laptop's hard-drive and create a dual-boot system, using both Windows 10 (for gaming) and Ubuntu 18.04 (for everything else). Currently my PC uses Ubuntu 18.04 as sole operating system. After formatting the hard-disk, what should I install first? Ubuntu or Windows?I know that in the second case I need to restore the Ubuntu's GRUB because Windows has this tendency of overwrite the master boot record, but that a minor issue for me. Thanks! 
ARGOX printer driver I am looking for an ARGOX os-214plus PPLB driver for Ubuntu 16.04. I have been looking for a week now and I can\u2019t find the drivers. Any ideas where I can find the drivers?
Ubuntu 18.04 Desktop - Live USB doesn't boot and shows pixel test on screen I've downloaded/tested the USB live version of Ubuntu 18 on my Desktop and decided to try and install it on my laptop. The laptop is a bit older, runs a 64bit CPU (Intel Q9000).When I try to boot to the USB drive, I see first the regular boot screen (keyboard + circle on bottom), followed by a command line blinking. Then, the screen goes into a pixel test mode, showing all RGB + grayscale test patterns and I hear a drum sound once.When I try F4 to enter the debug mode, the same issue happens after selecting install.Any advice?
GNOME 3 merge top bar and Ubuntu dock (side/bottom bar) Is there a way to merge to two bars in GNOME 3? Best case scenario would be to have one single bottom or top bar that has all the symbols on the left side and the rest like the time indicator, connections, on/off button, etc. on the right side.Is that possible in any way?
PC as a MIDI controller with output to USB Is there a program to output MIDI signals to USB? I installed vmpk but I am not sure if it is able to do this job. At this stage, I want to control stm32f4-discovery with Deskripator-v2.
Sleep mode drains battery very fast Battery drains in about 10 hours when the computer is asleep with Ubuntu 18.04, it is a lenovo y520 (7700hq, 1060 with bumblebee).<br>When I tested no USB devices were plugged in, actually nothing was plugged in.<br>The sleep mode is s2 - deep. I am not interested in hibernation (it is quite slow and takes a lot of space).<br>In windows and Mac OS (hackintosh) sleep mode uses 1 or 2% of battery in a day.
disable mouse/touchpad pointer acceleration & speed 18.04? Ubuntu 16.04 had options tocontrol pointer speeddisable/enable accelerationbut Ubuntu 18.04 does not have any of these options which makes it too irritating to use.<br>It would be so great if the mouse/touchpad (in the case of laptops) experience were similar to that of Windows.Can I achieve similar behaviour in Ubuntu 18.04?
On booting ubuntu installer from PD, it shows up a black screen with error codes I am having HP Compaq dc5800 small form factor PC with 2 GB RAM, 2.20 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo Processor, 160 GB of HDD, Intel Q33 integrated graphics and I am currently running Windows 10 Pro (32-bit), although my PC i s 64-bit supported. When I boot my PC from Ubuntu 18.04 installation media (flash drive), it opens up a screen with options like try Ubuntu without installing, install Ubuntu, check drive for errors and 2 more. But when I click any of the above two options, it displays a command prompt like black read only screen with error codes on it. I want to install Ubuntu in dual boot with Windows 10.
Remote Access to Kubuntu from Windows I've got it to work so I can get to it with TightVNC but the Kubuntu machine keeps changing the password.  I want to have a fixed password for remote access to the machine which is there when it starts up.  At the moment I have to enter a password for the KDE Wallet and change the password for unattended remote access every time I restart the Linux box.  Can anyone suggest how I can get it to remember the password and or not require a password for or not use KDE Wallet?Thanks.
How can one have a little music track listing that can drop down from an indicator applet? I wanna play my sweet sweet slow jams but I ain't got no track listing in my VLC indicator applet drop-down in Unity on 16.04! Friendos, in all of this green and blue planet, how might this me done?EDIT: When I try using the speaker drop-down menu with Rhythmbox, I don't see a track listing, only controls. I need to see like a listing of maybe 6 or so tracks, like 3 just played and 3 upcoming, something like that.
Problem booting Ubuntu with wubi on windows 10 I downloaded and installed Ubuntu with wubi it installed successfully but when I restarted my PC it started as windows 10 and no option to start Ubuntu what to do now?
Where to find current technical documentation for Ubuntu? My question is: is there a document (or collection of documents), that describes (in sufficient detail to work with it) the design decisions that are specific for Ubuntu and thus distinguish Ubuntu from other distros / distro families (like CentOS, Debian, Red Hat etc.) ?That is, I'm not asking for a technical introduction to Linux in general intended for a Linux novice, but for a technical description of Ubuntu in specific aimed at the experienced user / admin.Background: Having worked and lived (as a non-IT-person, but hobbyist programmer) with Linux systems for some 20 years and with Ubuntu since 12.04, I feel pretty confident with looking \"under the hood\" of the system and making adjustments that may not be possible from the GUI. Also, every now and then I'm inclined to try to find the reason for some unexpected behaviour or to resolve a problem myself for which I cannot find a solution on the web. Doing this, I find it sometimes very difficult to figure out how things work in the first place. As an example (only), with my relatively fresh 18.04 install, I notice that the user switching fails every now and then. Googling, I have found out that this apparently coincides with a lightdm crash which is \"persistent\i. e. restarting the lightdm service fails until I reboot. Now I'm stuck with understanding why this fails. Here I'd like to have some kind of documentation that describes the system \"under the hood\e.g. what software components are used (in which versions), how system startup works, how services are started, what is configured where, and so on. The \"official Ubuntu documentation\" for the desktop apparently is aimed at the desktop user only, not at somebody with my ambitions. Information Google gives me, in contrast, is very diverse, often contradictory, often outdated, and so not very reliable. This why I'm looking for a reliable single point of information about my system.Thanks for any help!
How do I effectuate /usr/bin/checkmodule and /usr/bin/semodule_package on Ubuntu? Or simulate them? It's for a build step that merely needs to succeed, but I'd like to do real work too. I just don't have enough information about it. This is do with SELinux, right? That exists for Ubuntu too; are there equivalent utilities?
Not able to resize hard disk partition While installing ubuntu 18.04 I didn't partition my hard disk. Now my hard disk is a single partition /dev/sda2. I have tried to resize this partition but i'm getting the error saying system busy.Is there any way I can partition my hard disk without losing data?
Did mumble-server package disappear in Ubuntu Server 18.04.1? Recently I had mumble-server installed and working on Ubuntu server 18.04 (which was fully updated).  However, I just spun up another VM (18.04.1) via Virtualbox and after updating everything I cannot: apt-get install mumble-serverWhat am i missing or did it disappear?I get the following:Unable to locate package mumble-serverIf i run it on my desktop Ubuntu 18.04.1 it proceeds like normal and will let me install it but I usually cancel because server doesnt even get this far.
skype not in software centre ubuntu 14.04 I looked at answers for downloading skype and they all seem to be a bit dated.  can anyone tell me what exactly I should do to download the latest version of skype?I have an ubuntu 14.04, have cleaned it, updated it, etc., and skype does not work so I purged it.  but skype is not in the software centre even though the canonical partners are all turned on.from where exactly should I download skype?
Dev C++ Output Screen not coming I installed Dev C++ using Wine on Ubuntu 18.04 and the program is compiling but it not showing any output screen. 
Is it possible to use the Greek keyboard layout in Scribus? I typically have my keyboard set up to use multiple alphabets, toggling with alt+shift; I use American English and Greek most frequently, followed by occasionally Japanese with Anthy, and occasionally Cyrillic. It works very well in almost every program.However, Scribus, which is otherwise very decent layout software, refuses to recognize Greek. I really need that \u03bb! Am I missing a package, or is there something else I need to do? The space isn't even filled with a filler character, it just remains blank.This alphabet is awfully important to engineers, so I would be very surprised if there was no solution.Update: I have determine that the \u03c0 key consistently works fine, apparently on all fonts; but even on Neohellenic, it is the only one. Is something weird going on with font processing?I have now attempted this on two completely physically separate machines, with different hardware, and gotten the same result. I typically use alt+shift to switch layouts, via Mint 19's keyboard manager. Doing so works on literally every other program I've tried, on both machines. However, Scribus, on both machines, ceases accepting input until I switch back to en mode. In gr, the only key that works is \u03c0; all others have no effect.Symbol insertion works reasonably well, but this is a non-solution if I'm to attempt to type anything in the Hellenic alphabet.
Preseed auto partition disk with no prompting only if disk is empty (no existing partition tables) Is it possible to setup a Ubuntu preseed for a one drive system, so that if the drive is empty (we can assume empty means it has no MBR or GPT partition tables) it goes right ahead and partitions it automatically, however if there are already partitions on the disk it prompts for manual partitioning?This way I can quickly dd out the partition table of a disk, and just run the install to auto create, yet if somehow I ran the install perhaps by error on existing system it wouldn't just blindly format and setup new partitions.Thanks.
Ubuntu Wireshark Portable on USP I have Ubuntu 16.04 LTS running on my PC. I installed Wireshark and it is working well. The issue is PC RAM which is 4 GB.  After a short while capturing UDP packets the machine gets very slow and, after 30 minutes, the PC will hang and is no longer able to run. I want to install Wireshark on my external hard disk which is 1 TB. There is a portable Wireshark for Windows, which can be installed on any external device connected through USB port; but how can I install a portable Wireshark for Ubuntu?Appreciate if anyone can provide me some useful info. or show me where I can download such a package.
Ubuntu 18.04 hangs while booting I have ubuntu 18.04 installed alongside windows 10, I've been having this issue lately. When I boot into Ubuntu after the splash screen many [ok] messages appear and it just hangs there, yet windows boot normally tho.I tried reparing packages through recovery mode but didn't work, I also chose an older kernel but still face the same problem.Kernel: 4.15.0-34- generic/4.15.0-33-genericPc: i5, 4 ram, intel hd graphics 4400
Is there a text editor with language translation? I need to work with some text files (source code) that have comments in a language that is foreign to me, and I am wondering if there is a text editor available that has some built-in support to make translation easier.I can copy and paste to google translate running in a browser in another window and then copy and paste back again, but it would be much easier if I could highlight, right click and choose \"translate...\or something like that!I'm not looking for automatic translation of the whole file, just the bits I highlight.Kubuntu 18.01, and Kate is my usual editor of choice but I'd be happy to use another editor for this job if it had some helpful features.
Hard Drive .img of Ubuntu Is there a feasible way to essentially just download a .img file of an already working Ubuntu distribution that I can write directly to my hard drive?Pretty much any default would work fine for me but i spend most of my time every couple months burning it to a thumb drive and then waiting for the installation to work/finish.
Shorcut to insert bullet point \u2022 into text in Linux (Ubuntu 18.04LTS) I am new to Linux and I would like to insert the character that corresponds to the bullet point \u2022 when typing text.I know that I can to do by typing (Crtl+Shift+u and then 2022) but that is quite a tedious solution and I am looking for a easier way to do so (on my macbook, running OSX, it is Alt+8 for instance).I am running Ubuntu 18.04LTS.Thank you for your help!
PulseEffects doesn't run I use UbuntuStudio 18.04.1 LTS inside 4 computers.Since last Ubuntu standard updating (security, mostly), in one of my desktop computers PulseEffects doesn't run anymore. This very good program runs without problems in all the other 3 computers.I try to run the program with the line command option and I get this message:<blockquote>  Assertion 'o' failed at pulse/operation.c:133, function  pa_operation_get_state().    Aborting.    Abortado (`core' generado)</blockquote>The only one difference between this desktop computer and the other 3, is about this installation has been upgrading since Lubuntu 15.x. The others have been installed from UbuntuStudio 18.04.1 LTS LiveCD.What is wrong here?How can I fix this?
How do I find additional free repositories for Ubuntu 18.04 LTS? I'm new to Linux. I'm running Ubuntu 18.04 LTS and I want to find additional open source free software packages available for installation.  I tried to add other software sources to the Ubuntu Software applications but after a lengthy process of updating the available applications by downloading updates, the new software repositories don't show and I have the exact same packages available as I always had. I used a repository list generator website to find the URL for the repositories to add.Obviously I'm doing something stupid? I don't think I yet fully understand how repositories work despite much reading about it. Is it like having multiple Windows Stores? Or multiple Android Google Plays???Thanks in advance for any help at all which would be greatly appreciated.johnnym 
How do I move one directory to another in Ubuntu For example, how would I move a directory called \"menu\" into the \"data\" directory? Also, I am using Ubuntu and I am new to all of this so I am unsure.
Installing Ubuntu alongside with Windows I'm trying to install Ubuntu without deleting windows from my computer,  how can I partition free space without deleting anything
Changing the size of the mouse pointer in Ubuntu MATE 18.04 does not work I have Ubuntu 18.04 with the gnome-desktop  and parallel the Ubuntu MATE desktop installed.While I can easily change the size of the mouse pointer (DMZ-White) in the Gnome3 desktop , this does not work on the MATE desktop.I use for this the dconf-editor.Maybe someone knows a solution?Thanks a lot.
Copy Ubuntu Server 18.04 to other Ubuntu Machine Am having Ubuntu Server 18.04 core with LAMP and other supporting packages installed. I want to migrate all of its content files and installed packages to a other machine with the same Ubuntu Server 18.04 core. I want this new machine to perform exactly as the older machine.Please note: I don't know what other packages are installed in it, how can i perform this?
How to get dual boot (Ubuntu/Windows) option enabled? My first disk has windows and second disk (not partition) has Ubuntu. But the first disk was removed during ubuntu installation and plugged back after installation. Now my system boots with only one OS depending on the disk with higher priority in the boot list. One of the attached question talks about boot repair or about reinstalling grub-efi. Which is not the case here. My system boots perfectly but based on the drive selected. The other attached question is valid with the given assumptions being true, which are false in my case. Is there any way to get OS selection list at boot time?  
How to increase persistent file size? I am currently using 32 GB flash disk to use Ubuntu using live boot. I made it bootable using YUMI and set the file system to NTFS and persistent size 8GB. But now, I am running low in space and want to increase persistent disk size.So, how to do it without losing my data?
HD .mkv files - any hope for improvement in 18.04 I am having difficulty running HD .mkv files in 17.04. I was wanting to upgrade to 18.04 but read that the graphics drivers don't work properly and have been downgraded in current releases. Is there another solution for my N2870 CPU? What is the future plan for Ubuntu 18?
Hard reset an iPhone 4s on iTunes on WINE I tried to hard reset an iPhone 4s by holding the home button and power button to make it go in DFU mode and reset it with iTunes on a Windows 7 system, it came to the reset page but nothing happened. Will iTunes with WINE work?
Gnome Shell doesn't recognize Wine windows Since Ubuntu 18.04 I'm more or less forced to use Gnome Shell (also given the discontinuation of Unity...)<br>Wine apps used to run fine in Unity 7 (7.5.0). They still run fine in Gnome Shell (3.28.3) except they are not recognized as windows. Which means: I can click and interact with everything inside the app (including menus) but not the window itself (I can't drag the title bar, can't user Super+Click or Super+ArrowKey to move the window). The Gnome Shell title bar never recognizes the launched wine app and will show nothing in the place where the application title should be. I also can't use Alt+Tab -  the Wine app always stays on top (and can be clicked inside) while the active window (as shown in the Gnome Shell title bar) changes. I assume this isn't a bug since I can't imagine that Wine is broken/unusable for all Gnome Shell users, so: what am I doing wrong?
Modify creation and last modified date for entire subdir This is only an issue because some antique software has Y2K issues, I need to move the file creation dates from 1990's to 2000 but for files across 21 subdirectories. A way to manage it recursively is what I'm looking for.This ends up as an NFS share back to an MSDOS client and it appears to be using the creation date. Not the modified date, as I've tried the touch mod already with no success.
How to Reset OpenVPN password in ubuntu 16.04? Can anyone help me on how to reset the openVPN authentication password?Like the forget password feature in windows OS.
Remove garbage from Media/jw with command line While running f3write erroneously at first I left some garbage files in my Media/jw directory - 1.h2w and 2.h2w. How do I get rid of them?I can find them with the GUI but I don't have permission to remove anything there by deleting or dragging them to the trashcan.With the command line I don't know how to get to that location in order to use sudo.How do I cd above the Home directory using the command line?
Drivers on ubuntu 18.04.1 live usb.! I plan to use my live usb with persistence for Ubuntu without installing.. Made using unetbootin But I always need to set nomodeset to boot up. I updated nvidia drivers too but no use after reboot.. All drivers folders get deletedI'm even unable to use persistent data. 
Is there a way that I can know the user names of a server? My server has been hacked a few days ago and now I decide to ban root user remote login. Is there a way that an attacker can scan my own added user name? (As far as know the answer is NO?). If so, I don't have to set a too strong password for the new user. I mean, it would be far more difficult to guess my custom user name than \"root + password\".
Missing Armenian language pack in Ubuntu 18.04 Dear Ubuntu support teamWhile working with Ubuntu 18.04 i noticed that the 18.04 version doesn't have the Armenian language in the options We would like you to add Armenian language in the next updateAnd also what would you suggest us to do while waiting for your update??
Are there any PDF viewing software that allows split view? I'm on 16.04 and would like to view two different sections of the same PDF in the same window. I know it is possible to open several instances of PDF viewer but that's rather annoying.I've tried Foxit, Evince, Okular... and several others. It seems that none of them seem to offer this feature in Ubuntu. A bit of googling suggests Konqueror but I wasn't able to get it to work either...
\"No root file system is defined. Please correct this from the partitioning menu\" during installation I'm fairly new to learning about computers. I have a self-built computer and while installing Ubuntu (my first operating system) I run into a dialog. I press install now and it replies <blockquote>  no root file system is defined. Please correct this from the partitioning menu</blockquote>The partition table button is grayed out and the only thing I can do is press the change button. The change button crashes it so I can't continue and I have no options to press.
How to mute volume on every boot in Kubuntu 18.04? I want to set the speaker and microphone volume to zero or mute them every time my laptop starts, even if the last time I shut down my computer they where not muted. Just like what Kali Linux does.Thanks in advanced.
ALT and CTRL behave like SHIFT I installed Ubuntu a few days ago and I noticed that both of my CTRL and both of my ALT keys behave exactly the same as the Shift key.I have tried changing input method, but it didn't help.What could be the problem and how can I fix it?I am using ubuntu on dekstop pcKeyboard is Tracer hellway
Terminal and Nautilus stopped working after a crash Something went terribly wrong and, after a C++ program I was working on crashed, my terminal and nautilus (files) stopped working.I managed to install Terminator (another shell emulator), here is what I am getting when trying to start Terminal from Terminator:<blockquote>  (gnome-shell:779): Clutter-CRITICAL **: 01:49:35.532: Unable to  initialize Clutter: Unable to initialize the Clutter backend: no  available drivers found. (gnome-shell:779): mutter-WARNING **:  01:49:35.532: Unable to initialize Clutter.</blockquote>Here is what I get when launching Nautilus (btw somehow I can launch it from Terminator but not by clicking the icon)<blockquote>  ** (nautilus:445): WARNING **: 01:48:33.021: AT-SPI: Could not obtain desktop path or name  ** (nautilus:445): WARNING **: 01:48:33.026: AT-SPI: Could not obtain desktop path or name  ** (nautilus:445): WARNING **: 01:48:33.031: AT-SPI: Could not obtain desktop path or name    ..... another 10-15 repetitions of that error ....    ** (nautilus:445): WARNING **: 01:48:33.509: AT-SPI: Could not obtain desktop path or name  ** (nautilus:445): WARNING **: 01:48:33.509: AT-SPI: Could not obtain desktop path or name</blockquote>Any pointers on how I can get things back to normal?EDIT: It does persist after reboot.
After freeze, reboot shows blackscreen with cursor I am using Ubuntu 18.04. After my Laptop froze, I hit the power button to shut it down and rebooted it. The login screen came up, I entered my credentials and then got a black screen and the cursor. Nothing more. I have been recently installing some package to use an Pinyin/ Chinese keyboard and yesterday installed some updates (but hadn't restarted until today morning).Hot button don't work and can't change to Function keys either.Has anyone had this experience?Is there any way to restore it without losing data?
Programs opening in full-screen mode by default Since I upgraded from Ubuntu 16.04 to 18.04, both Filezilla and Firefox always open in full-screen mode, no matter how I have adjusted them before closing.  What can I do to change this annoying behaviour?
Backup for Cloud Email I've got a lot of history in email servers in the cloud (i.e. someone else's computer). I'm looking for some way to make a local backup of all that data, preferably one I could easily access/search.There are two products I know of that do exactly what I want but they're both Windows only MailStore and MailShelf. There's apparently also a Mac only program called Horcrux. But nothing I can find for Linux.Thunderbird is not and could not ever be considered a backup solution. There is no way within TB to know it has completed downloading mail (even assuming it ever would). This is on its own absolutely disqualifying. It's not good enough for a backup to simply hope it's done, if it worked at all (which there is no way to check in TB). Thunderbird's cache was never designed to produce authoritative backups, it's just a convenience feature.There do seem to be a number of Linux console tools that do the first half of what I want (imapsync, imap-backup, more?) but I'm not sure how I'd access/search the mail after the messages were down. There are also enterprise products (Piler, MailArchiva) which are probably overkill, and would be a hassle to setup anyway.I asked this question on Ubuntu's own forum several days ago but the only solution suggested was to run a local mail server and then sync the cloud accounts to that. It might work, but it seems there should be a better way.Is anyone out there willing to share the solution they have for this problem? 
How do I efficiently find my terminal window in GNOME Shell? I like to work with many open terminal windows at the same time. At work I have to cope with Windows, but I use Ubuntu at home. Sadly, the experience of finding a specific terminal window on GNOME is much worse in GNOME than in Windows. In Windows, I can hover over the mini-preview on the bottom of my screen and the real windows is overlayed semi-transparently so I know exactly which window this is. Even more important, the ordering of the terminals always stays the same.GNOME just gives me the mini-preview where I can't read the contents, so I have to click first and find out it was the wrong one later. Even worse, more often than not on my next try the ordering is different than before and I find myself trying the same wrong window more than once, making it very hard to continue working where this should be elementary.Are there any GNOME Shell extensions or settings to improve this workflow?
Replugging network cable doesn't reconnect I am using ubuntu 18.04. when I start my laptop and plug a network cable it will connect. But when I unplug the cable and then replug it won't reconnect. I have to then put the laptop in sleep mode and then it will reconnect. That means between 2 suspends the laptop will connect to the LAN port only once. If it is unplugged then make it sleep, wake up and then replug. I have figured out the problem is happening due to the installation of tlp. As soon as I install tlp this problem shows up and uninstalling it makes everything just fine.Please note that I am talking about the LAN port and not the port which we use for pendrives for file transfer.Also the problem doesn't show up in windows 10 as my laptop is dual booted
VNC on Ubuntu 18.04 I have found a couple of tutorials on this...but they all suggest installing a separate desktop shell to really use this. But, I do have Ubuntu 18.04 Desktop installed, since this is a local server, and which is actually connected to my monitor. But, it is really inconvenient to keep swapping my keyboard and mouse cords to the little Ubuntu box... Instead, I'd just like to use the GUI from my main computer.How do I set up a VNC server, that will bring me to the very screen of my Ubuntu login? I have already enabled automated login, now I just would like to access it's screen so I can use a few GUI-only applications.
Boot Failure for Ubuntu 18.04 Install on Thinkpad P1 I have a new Lenovo Thinkpad P1 with i7-8850/32GB mem/1TB SSD/P2000 graphicsThe laptop came with Windows installed out of the box and I want to dual boot ubuntu along side.Using Rufus 3.3 I placed a bootable ubuntu 18.04 image on a USB drive. As I understand, Ubuntu 18.04 is UEFI compatible (and supposedly Secure Boot compatible but that seems controversial).I turn on the computer, F12 to the Boot Menu, select my USB (which takes me to GRUB), select \"Install Ubuntu\".Now this is where the problem starts, upon selecting install ubuntu, I am taken to an Ubuntu loading screen (purple background, ubuntu name with dots underneath changing between white and orange) after about 5-15 seconds (very roughly) the computer powers off....I've tried various combinations of SecureBoot/BootMode/UEFI/etc. settings to no avail in the BIOS.Help is greatly appreciated!
USB-C to HDMI adapter that works with Ubuntu? Do they exist?If so, does anybody have a link? Just bought two from eBay and neither works.
How do I automount a SD Card on /opt? I just bought a brand new Dell Inspiron 3185 with a massive 1.6 GHz dual-core AMD Radeon R4, a whopping 32gig SSD and a mind boggling 4 gigs of memory; a veritable rocket marked down from AUD $380 to AUD $180. It came with Windows 10 but it started bitching about space so I dumped it and have now installed Ubuntu. I spent the day reading about Bitcoin and I want to install bitcoin core but there is not enough space in my root directory to store the blockchain ledger so I have decided to download it onto a SD Card that I leave there permanently and for beauties sake I want to have it mounted on /opt.I have found out how to disable automount and I can mount the drive on /opt manually but I can't find a post about how to change the automatic mount point for a drive named opt from /media/opt to /opt. Is there somewhere that I can place a script that would have this effect? How about you post yours as an example. I know it's a waste of time but I'm on a pension and I have plenty to waste, the last time I played with Linux it took me a whole day to get Debian to automount a CDROM and something like three months of weekends to configure a 486 router with ipmasquerade, ipchains, dhcpd and sshd; apt-get was a nightmare too. It was before Gnome and you had to configure the X11 Server and set up a Window Manager manually, I got Window Maker going on my Pentium II but I never used it much and I didn't bother with X11 for the router.I'll mess around with bitcoin core's configure script as a starting point and to try to work out how to get it to download the ledger into /opt and with a bit of luck someone will have given me a tip-off about this problem by the time I am ready to sync my wallet.It should keep me busy for quite a while, I just need to build up a head of steam. Sort the right click on my mouse pad out, then finish this bitcoin book, then work out Open VPN, then a few books on the Tor, maybe I'll splash out and get an i7 desktop that can run Virtual Box and play a few games if I'm still chugging along after that. First things first, the I/O won't be brilliant but how do I mount this little sucker on bootup.Linux again, it's come a long way.
How can I solve this trouble issue in downloading tensorflow and anaconda? I have ubuntu 18.04 64 bit . i bought a hard ssd . and gpu is intel haswell i  tried to download anaconda ,but it is interrupted ,lap tope type is hpprobook. and tried to use command-line and follow instruction to download python 3,but the system download only python 2.7 isnt supported by tensorflow 
How do i install LinSSID in Ubuntu 18.04? I can't install LinSSID on Ubuntu 18.04. It looks like it has been installed, but it doesn't launch.
Password protect folder for Windows and Linux I have a basic question of feasibility - feel free to delete / kill off if too broad or off-topic.I dual-use Windows and Ubuntu because of various work purposes. I have some sensitive files where it would be best to restrict folder/file access a bit. It's not hide-from-the-NSA-secret, but hide-from-plain-access (job-applications and such). Is there a good way to encrypt/secure the folder and still be able to access it from Windows and Ubuntu with some convenience? Because of dual use, the files are not in a linux-formatted drive, so any advanced options there are out of play. A gaffer-tape solution I could think of is to pack everything into an encrypted archive (7z or so) and unpack/repack as needed, but there might be a more elegant way?Thanks in advance!
Which Ubuntu distro is right for this 2-in-1? I own a Dell Latitude 11 inch 2-in-1 ... it has a m5-6Y57 processor, 8GB of RAM and 256GB SSD..Which Ubuntu distro is right for this 2-in-1 ? I want to read ebooks on it so the distro has to support screen rotation and gestures...I also want to take notes with it...The 2-in-1 is Wacom AES enabled and has an active pen.I guess Ubuntu gnome is the right choice for this laptop...but will it run smooth on this 2-in-1 ? what other distros should i look at ?I also have a Dell inspiron 3179, which has m3-7Y30 processor, 4GB of RAM and 250GB SATA3 SSD ... Which Ubuntu distro is right for this one ? I am looking at elementary OS and Xubuntu at the moment...Do Xfce and Pantheon support screen rotation and gestures ? i intend to read ebooks on this too...but no note taking as the touchscreen is not AES and doesn't support an active pen.What other distros do you recommend ?I know there is Ubuntu Mate and LXQT/DE....but these don't have touchscreen functionalities...
Using 2 batteries with a thinkpad t480 How does Ubuntu decide which battery to use? The laptop is designed so that you can swap out the extra battery (If extra means 'removable' in Gnome), so it would make sense to default to drawing power form the removable battery always, and only use the built in one if it needs to. This would maintain the health of the battery I cannot replace as well. Is there a way to get it to default to drawing from the removable battery?
How to use chmod to give a single user from my group permission to my directory? so ubuntu noob here but I'm in a group with different people having different usernames. So I made a directory, and I want to share this with a single user from that group. How do I achieve this? I want to give rwx access. Thank you!!
Can't boot normally or into recovery mode (Ubuntu 18.04) I have Ubuntu 18.04 running on my desktop. It has been working fine for months, but crashed today while playing a video game.Now when I try to boot it gets stuck at the purple screen before the ubuntu logo or the login screen. Indeed I can't even boot in recovery mode! When I try to do so it freezes, and there is nothing particularly revealing (as far as I can tell) in the output before it freezes.I can give more hardware/software details if needed. I do have a Nvidia graphics card and running Nvidia drivers, but they have been working perfectly up to this point.Any help greatly appreciated.
System freezes, apt-cache running 100% for an hour? Sorry if I'm overdoing the details. I'm new to the forum, that or I have another account I never knew about.I know the community prefers questions that can be answered, and I'm hoping I can get an answer, but this is turning out to be a mystery. I suspect my problem is being caused by apt-cache, but I'm at a loss for what may cause apt-cache to hang, so to put it short, apt-cache hanging and causing crashes is really my question. Details below if needed.Backstory: I have 18.04 LTS for desktop and gaming. For some while now, I've been investigating a freeze that happens semi-randomly. I notice if I let it run for a few days, it just locks up, sometimes even in half a day. The state that it ends up in is a completely broken state where nothing responds. USB, PS/2, Ethernet, audio is repeating if it was playing, the works. I did some overclocking in the past but this happens with stock settings and all of my hardware survives stress tests. I now stay at stock settings on my mobo until I can cure this problem.After thorough investigation and having no backups in a known-good state, I finally resorted to just letting it freeze and catching the screen with htop running. The offender seems to be apt-cache, as it used 100% of a CPU core and ran for over 58 minutes. Steam also used a whole core at the time but I expect that from Valve. What I don't expect is apt-cache running the policy command for an hour, so I think something's causing it to hang until the whole system locks. When I run the same command, however, it runs and quits just fine, and it only seems to hang like this in this random occurrence when it is run automatically. I would appreciate anything that can help in my investigation, as I'd prefer not to reformat and set everything back up if I don't have to.
Recovery menu missing in 18.04LTS I'm trying to drop a root shell for recovery, but after the reboot, I cannot see the recovery menu where I should select the \"Drop root shell\" option.After the secure-boot selection I just prompted for desktop user login. Why? I  a remember  recovery manu in Ubuntu 17.
Increase animation speed in Cosmic Cuttlefish Is it possible to increase animation speed for window transitions in Cosmic Cuttlefish?Edit: Is it possible to set a maximum duration for the transition effects?
My keyboard cannot input \"1\maybe caused by shortcut setting My keyboard cannot input \"1\I believe it physically works because when I login in Ubuntu with 1, it works. This problem occurs after I setting some new input method and setting one shortcut\u3002 Now how could I reset all the shortcuts and make the \u201c1\u201d works again\u3002I had checked keyboard--keyboard setting \uff0c and reset it all but still not work
Ubuntu boots to black screen after Update to Ubuntu 18 I have just tried to upgrade my Ubuntu to Ubuntu 18, and at one moment I had to choose if it should install new version of a certain file or keep the old one, and I selected to see the difference. After which, I didn\u00b4t know how to close the window and return to upgrade so I pressed  Ctrl+X which terminated the process completely. At first I could continue using Linux without any problems, but after I rebooted,  it started making problems.<br>It shows a black screen where I can move with my mouse, but I can\u00b4t do anything else.  So I looked up online what I can do about it, and after trying everything with Booting in recovery mode, I have decided to install a new version of Ubuntu, while keeping the old data on the drive. But it seems that was not the solution either.  Any ideas ?
Temporarily switch to a full-screen, hairline cursor I sometimes would like to have my cursor appear as crosshair lines going across the full screen (one vertical line, one horizontal line). I need it because I often look at statistical plots and would like to be able to quickly read an approximate value for a given point.Is there a simple way of achieving this?My current system: Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, with Unity.
How can one copy the entire contents of a Linux Terminal / \"man\" pages to a a text editor (gedit in this instance)? Before I start - I am a 69-year-old Linux newbee - take it easy on me!Is there an easy way to copy the entire contents of a Terminal (many pages) - \"man pages\which I am told are not the same as Terminal pages but look the same to newbee me - see comment below - so that I can transfer it to a text editor?  Presently I have to highlight and copy one page at a time, which is rather laborious.I have seen the explanations of how to copy only a section of the contents of a many-paged Terminal - and this is a little tricky for me - - - I was hoping there was a quick and easy way to do the entire contents?Thank you for your patience.
How we can monitor the network traffic of logs transferred through the rsyslog I'm consolidating the client logs to a centralized server in Ubuntu using the rsyslog deamon. While consolidating the logs, how can i see the amount of network traffic or file size transferred from the client to server?Is there any way i can do filtering from the client machine before transferring the logs to server? 
Thunderbird 60.2.1 doesn't notify with new email? I want thunderbird 60.2.1 to show email notifications even my thunderbird client is not active (running in background). It only works when I open the client. But It doesn't give notifications in background. 
Libreoffice Writer: How to flip/swap between two table rows? I use latest LibreOffice Writer and I have a table with 4 rowsI want to flip/swap between the two middlish rows (row 2 and row 3).That is, I want that row 3 will take the place of row 2 (or vice versa).How can this be done automatically without manually copy-pasting the data from cell to cell (and then deleting the old data)?The rows I work with are multi-columned (2 or more columns, so just dragging all data from one row to another isn't possible and will result in the dragging of just one particular cell from a set of cells).UpdateIf possible, I'd prefer a way that doesn't involve creating a third line to which we move the data (and then delete the original).In other words I'll prefer a solution which is pure swapping or shall I say \"replacing\".
Unable to install PHP particular version 7.0.4 on Ubuntu 16.04 I need to install php7.0.4 but not getting this version anywhere to install it.Is there any way to install it on Ubuntu 16.04
Does the Linux kernel source code contain device drivers? I have been interested in kernel development for a while. What I am wondering is whether the kernel source code contains any code about the hardware components. In other words, are device drivers part of kernel source code?If they are part of kernel source code, how can it be possible?By using a virtual machine or dual boot, we can set up Linux in any computer. How does Linus Torvalds write it to be compatible with all computers and their hardware components?I think that device drivers are not part of the kernel.
How to install php 5.2 in Ubuntu 18.04 All the answers that I found are already outdated. I can not fix all dependencies by myself. Maybe someone has a guide on what to do to run php5.2?
How can I make myself the owner of a partition? So I installed it on a dual-boot on my Main drive, with the intention of this space being for the os and a few programs as this is my SSD with less space. I went back later and used GParted to make another partition for stuff I want to install on ubuntu on another hard drive, I have done this, and now I'm back in Ubuntu but I can't do anything to the drive as the owner is root. I've looked online for help with this but all I can find is how to edit individual files on a root drive. how do I permanently become the owner?if relevant the file system type is ext3/ext4
Burning DVD's on Ubuntu (NOT ISO-files) I have a load of self-compiled video dvd's made on Cyberlink PowerDirector which I used to burn to dvd's through Ashampoo Burning Studio 16. These are NOT images of DVD (ie. ISO-files) but instead VIDEO_TS folders with .BUP, .IFO and .VOB -files.They include custom-made menus, music etc.Neither programme I used to use (and paid licenses for) sadly seems to work through WINE programmes (tried Crossover and some others). Thus I have already given up of creating more dvd's (for now), but would dearly love to burn the ones I created earlier. Is there any dvd burner for Ubuntu which handles VIDEO_TS floders instead of ISO images? I have no clue how I would create ISOs...
Dual boot Windows 10 and ubuntu 18.04 problem I had a dual booted Windows 10 and Ubuntu 18.04 machine.Last month I decided to uninstall and reinstall ubuntu due to some reasons. I deleted the disk ubuntu partition entirely and I also deleted grub. But somehow when I restarted my computer I was still seeing the grub console. To get out of that I had to type in exit three times to boot into Windows. I followed a guide and tried installing Ubuntu using Unetbootin but I couldn't. On top of that now I couldn't even boot into Windows. Instead, I got an error which said I corrupted the hard drive. Then I installed Windows 8(with a cd) on my machine to access Windows 10. So now I have Windows 8 and Windows 10 on my machine. During boot, I get the windows bootloader screen with 3 options --> Windows 10, Windows 8, Unetbootin.Now I want too install Ubuntu 18.04 the right way and uninstall Windows 8 from my pc but keep Windows 10 and Ubuntu 18 in dual-boot. Please help me. I am a complete newbie to Ubuntu and Linux.Thank you very much. 
Upgrade to 18.04 using Ubuntu wiki I would like to try MythTV but first it seems that I ought to upgrade from 16.04 to 18.04. Using Ubuntu wiki BionicBeaver/ReleaseNotes\".  The first step says that I should open the \"Software &amp; Updates\" Setting in System Setting but I can find no \"Software &amp; Updates\" in system Settings.  Is there a way around this.  There seem to be many sources for this information, all a little different.  I assumed the Ubuntu wiki would be the best curated (close to the source).  Is this so?  Can anyone recommend a more reliable way to upgrade.
Right Click Not Working I am new to use ubuntu version 18.04.1. After installing right click is not working however i am able to use  when i use external mouse, But built in mouse is not working.Please help me System Details - Dell Vostro 3446 64 bit architecture.
youtube video is choppy, but audio plays fine I am running ubuntu 18.10 on a Acer Aspire One. When I try to play a youtube video on either chrome of firefox it's really choppy. The audio plays fine, but the video doesn't work. I've tried adjusting my frame rate, but not help. Is there anything I can do to get it to work properly? If any more information is needed I can probably find it. EDIT: the model is D255E.
Have Ubuntu 18.04LTS installed, windows boot can't detect hard disk (possible GRUB issue) I have Ubuntu18.04LTS installed on my laptop. Now I want to install Windows 10 (via bootable usb) but it asks for hard disk driver in the part where hard disk needs to be partitioned. I think it may be related to Grub 2.2 and MBR (or maybe not, I'm not an expert). What can I do to install Windows 10? I'm ok with losing all my data and my Ubuntu.ps. actually I had Windows 10 on my laptop first. Then I installed Ubuntu but it messed up my Windows and I performed several \"boot-repair\" actions which did not repair it.
Getting an IP address with Ubuntu client from Windows Server 2016 DHCP in VirtualBox So we have a task in university which is basically about 3 parts.<br>We have a Ubuntu 18.04 client and a Windows 2016 Server, both in VirtualBox.<br>We should do, so that:  The Ubuntu client should get an IP address AUTOMATICALLY from the Windows 2016 Server's DHCP. ((The Win2016 Server DHCP is already configured, but Ubuntu does not connect to it somehow)). Our Ubuntu has 2 IPs currently, one starting with 127.x.x.x and one starting with 10.x.x.x. So it is not good (our DHCP is giving out addressess between 192.168.1.65 and 192.168.1.70)  There is also an IIS installed on the Win2016 server. Typing in the server's IP in the browser (192.168.1.1), it should bring up a \"webpage\". This does not work on Ubuntu neither, but we can access the webpage when we type in the server's IP on the server. So it SHOULD work.  We should install ProFTP on Ubuntu and connect with it to the server's FTP domain. [[This task should work easily after the two former tasks are done. I THINK. So I do not need help with the 3rd task I THINK.]]Any help on how to do this is welcome, since we did not learn this and it would be a really big help since I am not familiar with linux-based OP systems.Have a nice day!
SSH, Webmin, etc. stopped working after CPU upgrade I upgraded the CPU in my home server: i3-3220T -> E3-1265L V2. The upgrade was succesfull, the server started proerly, however some services stopped working.I cannot use SSH now. I checked the service is running on the server. I cannot load the page of webmin running on the server on my desktop PC, and have the same issue on localhost.The new CPU supports AES-NI, the old one did not.What could I do?Thank you in advance.
I have somehow locked or removed my access to sudo - how can I fix it? I am fairly new at Ubuntu system and commands. I was trying to follow some tutorial online explaining how to setup using no password to download apps. I was in visudo, and next thing I know I can't use the sudo command, nor download any software/apps. I don't know where to start looking. If anyone could point me in the right direction, that would be an awesome way to start my weekend. 
W10 prevents Linux access I am a Linux user - very basic techie..Been using Linux for 16 years.   Installed Linux alongside Windows 10 on a new Acer Aspire c24-865.<br>PC boots straight in Windows ....<br>Since I cannot access UEFI in this BIOS (version R02-A0),<br>none of the solutions   I have seen so far seem to apply ..<br>Thanks for your help!!!  I tried all other solutions such as this:<br>Windows 10 Boots Automatically After Installing Ubuntu  
No Sound in ASUS ZenBook 14 UX433FN after installing ubuntu 18.04 I recently bought ASUS ZenBook 14 UX433FN which came with preloaded Windows 10 Home. I used it for a few days and everything was working perfectly fine. Then I uninstalled Win 10 and installed Ubuntu 18.04 LTS. And I could hear no sound. I tried many things found online but nothing worked. I tried installing 16.04 LTS as well but the same problem showed up. Unlike reported by many it doesn't show dummy output as audio output.What should I do?
How do I check the status of my drivers and install them if needed? I'm trying to learn how to use Ubuntu, but I must say I didn't have half as many issues with 16 as I have had with 18.04I'm using a laptop and I'm at a beginner-level. (But I'm willing to learn)And basically I'm having a lot of lag, and perhaps I don't have the correct drivers. I'd need an easy command to pull up my system info, and then run a check on my drivers and download what's needed.Proc: AMD e1-1200 APU with Radeon HD graphics x2,Mem: 3.5m total, 1.7g used, 651m free,Swap: 3.6g total, 29m used, 3.6g freeCPU MHz:             778.147,CPU max MHz:         1400.0000,CPU min MHz:         777.0000
booting xubuntu 4 I have an HP stream 13 with 2gb ram and 30gb hard drive. Touchscreen. As this did not work at all well with windows 10 upgrade program I have reformatted and installed xubuntu 4.15.042 (I think) 6 months ago. After some upgrade link that I clicked it will not boot but leaves the screen blank with a dash - in the top left corner. The only way I can recover it is to go into the bios F10 or boot device options F9 and then escape to advanced options for Ubuntu where it shows 3 versions:<br>4.15.0-42-generic and recovery mode.<br>4.15.0-39-generic and recovery mode.<br>4.4.0-138-generic and recovery mode.<br>If I go into the recovery mode in any of the three it then reboots into my screen but then reverts to the blank screen- when switched on again after exiting.<br>What should I do?
Ubuntu 18.04.1 won't install on Dell Precision M6500 I have a Dell Precision M6500, it runs 16.04 (64-bit) just fine. Hard drive is 500GB8GB RAMIntel Core i5 M560 CPUHyperthreading enabledSpeedStep enabledTPM disabledXD support disabledI swapped hard drives to a known good 320GB drive and tried to install 18.04 - no joy.  It will get to a desktop running on the live DVD, I click on the installation icon, nothing happens.  Tried a second, known good blank 320GB hard drive, same results.  BIOS is current at A10.  Hard drives are physical disks, not SSDs.  Hard drive type in BIOS is AHCI.  I changed no values in BIOS when swapping hard drives. I put the 16.04 hard drive back in the machine, it boots and runs fine.18.04 Installation DVD has been used to install on other computers without problems and does not appear to be damaged.  I tried an Ubuntu Budgie 18.04 DVD, exact same results.  On a whim, while writing this question, I decided to try a third hard drive, this time a 250GB drive.  Same results, will not launch the installation.I would appreciate any help and advice you can offer. I've used Ubuntu since 10.04 and this is the first time I've had a problem installing the OS that I could not solve.
How do I increase touch-pad senstivity using libinput? I am struggling to find optimal settings for a Thinkpad X1 Carbon (Gen 6) trackpad. I have tried synaptics, but the palm rejection didn't work well. Now I am trying to configure libinput. The problem I have is that I have to press down very hard to initiate a two-finger scroll. How can I increase the sensitivity? 
Adding a language missing from the supported languages list Is there any way (workaround) to add a language in Ubuntu 18.04, which is missing from the Install/Remove Languages list? I'm particularly interested in Armenian language.Thanks!
How to install Lubuntu 18.10 I have an Acer Aspire One Cloudbook 14 AO1-431 with a 32GB hard disk. I need help on how to install Lubuntu 18.10 on my laptop. When I try to install it every time it goes in the part where it says where to install Lubuntu on which hard drive. It says to create a partition for installing Lubuntu on, and it is confusing. 
16.04 Stress Test I am putting together a desktop for a 13 year old nephew with 3GB RAM and a single core 3.2 Ghz CPU (originally outfitted with Windows Vista).  I have reviewed the system requirements for 16.04.  An SSD has been ordered: I am unsure if 16.04 with the Unity desktop will run effectively on this machine.  I expect that the machine will be used for:Word processingYoutubeEmailMy daily driver is an 16.04, however it is on I7 core with 8GB RAM.I have the machine running with a USB install stick: is there a good test to tax the machine so that I see it performs under high demand?  It is desirable to understand if the machine will perform for the student before shipping it out of state.
Grub theme terminal-box appearing, why? So I downloaded a grub theme off of gnome-look.org and it works amazingly well! The only thing I don't understand about it is why after selecting what to boot into, a black box resembling a terminal(with no text) will appear in the middle of the screen before moving on with the boot process?In the theme.txt file it mentions a terminal-box and even has font color and types defined, but there's no text that appears. Is this meant to be a box for my boot text to show up on? If so, how would I do make that work?Thanks for your time :)
How can I keep the terminal output always at the beginning? I have large output from a python script that clear the terminal and print again, but the scrollbar of terminal always is in the bottom.Is it possible to fix the scrollbar to the top so I could always see the beginning of the output like this:I need the terminal to be continuously updating but it shouldn't scroll down to the end, I need to always see the top of the output even while it is updating.Command example:
Where does the Document Viewer (Evince) store history? I would like to access \uff08to view\uff09 the list of \"Recently viewed\" in Evince documents from the terminal, without starting Evince. Or maybe can I find a text document where this list is stored? I am using Ubuntu 16.04.Paradisally, I would like to find a complete list of Evince documents opened during the previous session or at least a history file, where opened documents are listed together with the dates of opening or at least in the order of opening.Can you guys help me with this?Update:Unfortunately, in my system recently-used.xbel is a really short file. It is just 218 bytes and contains nothing related to Evince.
firewall and virus protection I am new to ubuntu 18.04.1 lts it says that( A built in firewall and virus protection are avaliable) it says to go to activities left payne but there are no icons there for firewall or virus protection. Do l need the internet set up on ubuntu for it to show. Does avaliable mean l have to start it, enable it or what?.Can you please tell me where l can find it as it describes, It also says that yo get addded security with App Armor and gnomekeyring but where are these too as l cant find them anywhere.
startup disk creator dose not make bootable usb in Ubuntu 18.04 I have use the start up disc creator in Ubuntu 18.04 to make a bootable USB to install an OS on a pc. Unfortunatly when I plug in the drive the PC will not boot from the drive. I have tried 3 different OS's including Ubuntu 16, 18, and Mint 19 and none of them will boot properly. I tried 4 different USB drive and still having problems with drives not booting. Am I doing something wrong or is there a problem with the startup disk creator? I appriciate any assistance. :)
How can I create a linux os in ram from a USB without booting it? How can I create a linux os in ram, so it does not have to booted from the PC?I can install linux os in a USB stick, but there is no program to run it from within windows, but I can do this from a CD??If I want it to be transportable, I cannot guarantee I will have access to the boot control, so that is a non starter. But the \"Live\" editions all seem require to be booted!
Network activity for decision to suspend/hibernate i have a small server (ubuntu server) which i am using on demand. Meaning it switches on from suspend on request. I was trying to find a way, using cron to put the server to sleep after 90 min of network inactivity.Until now I found only ways to detect the ssh activity, which i would include too.Can you point me into the right direction? After searching and playing with tools for a day, i am lost on this one.I didn't find a adequate program nor a possible solution for usage in cron. 
Why updating from behind a proxy results in hash sum mismatch error while direct WiFi has no issues? This has started from Ubuntu's 14.04 LTS version.I work on Ubuntu at my office where internet works from behind a proxy server.Earlier, I could just give the usual update commands from the terminal and they just worked.But 14.04 LTS onwards, it has become exceedingly difficult to carry out even such a mundane task as updating my system.Every time I try to update the system from behind the proxy, I get errors of 'Hash sum Mismatch'.But interestingly (and to my utter dismay) when I connect to internet directly using my mobile phone's wifi, the update works absolutely normally.I have tried all the workarounds suggested to alleviate the Hash Sum Mismatch errors. None has worked.I suspect something is wrong with the way our proxy is configured. If not, I would really appreciate a good hand here.Thanks.
how can we install Aria Maestosa on Ubuntu 18.10? Previously, i just loved using Aria Maestosa, the very best midi editor i tried (i guess there are no comparable alternatives around, it\u2019s a really amazing one), that i could install very easily then.Now i\u2019m struggling a lot installing it. How can we have it installed now, as easily?
autosave original file after edit How to autosave a backup copy of the original text file in Ubuntu 18.02 after editing and saving the modified version? Mousepad does not have a setting for it.
How to effectively deploy MAAS server inside the KVM with 2 interfaces and bridge them with physical host server? I have two servers on which I want to deploy MAAS and commission VM nodes. I don't have any physical small server with two interfaces (public and private), so I decided to deploy MAAS server inside the KVM. I am unable to create two interfaces in MAAS KVM i.e., Private for the nodes and Public for the internet. Do i have to create two Virtual Networks in virt-manager for two interfaces of MAAS server KVM? How am I supposed to connect nodes(other VMs) with private network and expose them remotely?I'm Stuck in this, it would be great if anyone could help me resolving these confusions?
simulate geographic distance between servers I want to simulate geographic distance, so I need to add delay to each receive/transfer package.<br/>I read that squid could help me find what I'm looking for, however, playing with its configuration haven't given me the right results.<br/>If I'm pinging from my own PC to squid server I'm getting ~0.5 time, it's okay (would prefer ~1 time)<br/>If I'm pinging between servers it's only ~0.255 timeI would be glad to get help finding the optimal solution for bad traffic.Squid: Version 3.5.12<br/>OS: Ubuntu 16.04.3 LTS
Search is useless. How can I force it to index my hard drive (2018) I am running Bionic Beaver and am unable to find any of my files in the standard (is it still called Unity?) GUI. If I go to a folder, it seems to be able to find those files afterward, but this is useless for files I don't already know the location of. These are actually separate problems for searching from the dock using META and searching using Ctrl+F from the file browser (is this still called Nautilus?) I believe there are earlier versions of this question but I haven't found anything that seems to apply to my set-up yet.
Increased encrypted partition size but Gnome Files still thinks it's small I have an installation of Ubuntu Desktop 18.04.1 running in VirtualBox 5.2.20. When I first installed it, I made the mistake of giving the VDI a capacity of only 20 GB. That filled up fairly quickly, so I decided to enlarge the VDI and home partition. The home partition is encrypted with LUKS. I used VBoxManager to increase the capacity of the VDI to 100 GB, then I booted the Ubuntu VM and installed GParted to enlarge the partition. It worked perfectly, the machine boots fine every time and Gnome Disks shows the partition scheme exactly as expected. The problem now is that Files thinks the partition capacity is still 19.2 GB and still shows me constant warnings about low disk space. At this point the disk has 18.1 GB of data on it, so it's not \"full\" (according to Files) yet. I've been googling but haven't found a solution yet. Any ideas? Also, if the data on it goes over what Files thinks the capacity is, will that cause problems?
How do I change my DNS on Ubuntu 18.04? Which DNS should I use? I'm recently interested in DNS for a cleaner, faster &amp; more secure Internet surfing. In my country many websites are obscured and I was told that changing DNS may allow me to use them as I did before. I also don't like to share my metadata with others and some DNSs, such as the ones provided by OpenDNS, seem to provide more privacy to the user.Is it true that changing DNS results in a more secure web experience? How do I change DNS on Ubuntu 18.04, and most importantly, which DNS should I switch to?
How do I change my DNS on Ubuntu 18.04? Which DNS should I use? I'm recently interested in DNS for a cleaner, faster &amp; more secure Internet surfing. In my country many websites are obscured and I was told that changing DNS may allow me to use them as I did before. I also don't like to share my metadata with others and some DNSs, such as the ones provided by OpenDNS, seem to provide more privacy to the user.Is it true that changing DNS results in a more secure web experience? How do I change DNS on Ubuntu 18.04, and most importantly, which DNS should I switch to?
Python2.7 not working in 18.04, python3 is installed I have installed ubuntu 18.04 in virtual box and when trying python -v, it says you have python3 installed, I want to remove python 3 or disable so that can use python2.7 and run some scripts i have.
Removing Gnome shell from Ubuntu 18.04 Desktop Long story short: I installed Ubuntu 18.04 Desktop on my home server (because Ubuntu server kept failing on install.) I configured Grub to load directly to command line. I would really like to uninstall GUI interface--make it lean and have less programs to update. If I uninstalled gnome, will that affect any other functionality? What's the best way to uninstall Gnome to avoid any unintended consequences?(I've reviewed a few other posts, but most seem to be about using Unity after uninstalling Gnome.)
How to locate that folder and files content related to every process newly started According to my knowledge when we start a process. A folder related to that process is created somewhere else, and that folder have 2 sub-folders and then those sub-folders have sub-files.My question is that where that folder, sub-folders and sub-files are present and what is content inside sub-files and what is purpose of that files??Thank you in advance. Waiting for answer!!!
Run crontab in specific day but only if is in specific weekday I wanna run command with crontab in a specific day, but only if this day is not sunday. I tried with this <blockquote>  1 0 27 12 1-6 command.sh</blockquote>but the command run also wednesday december 26th.How can I tell to crontab run command only the december 27th?ThanksMax
What video editing software should I use to make screencast videos with external audio? I want to make screencast videos and record audio externally. What video editing software should I use? This is for an online class in introductory logic that I'm terribly late putting together.To clarify: I want to record external audio, not internal. I want to highlight lines in a PDF while talking about the material.I tried recordMyDesktop but it doesn't seem to have an external audio option.
Black screen beteen GRUB and login screen So i Bought a Lenovo Legion Y530 and installed Ubuntu 18.04 Lts.So far so good, update nvidia drivers and got everything up and running.The issue is that i get a black screen for about 20-30 second before the login screen, i hade tried everything. Changing modeset etc but this doesnt go away do you guys know something about this?I have a m.2 ssd so this long bort shouldnt be happening
Ubuntu 18.04.1 desktop another graphical issues I'm trying to install Ubuntu 18.04.1 desktop edition on my lenovo ideapad z500 laptop and i'm facing graphical issues. After the grub menu during live USB boot, the image on the monitor shrinks vertically 1/3 of the screen height and the text isn't readable. I've read other posts about Ubuntu graphical issues and haven't found a solution to my problem. I've tried using nomodeset kernel parameter alongside with other i915 and nouveau parameters variations and it didn't help. Also i've tried setting gfxpayload to text that gave no effect either.Could anyone please help to resolve this issue? Or at least clarify if it is possible to boot live Ubuntu 18.04.1 kernel in pure text mode without gfx?P.S. Using Ctrl+Alt+F2 i can see TTY changing but it doesn't do any changes to the graphics. 
Can I configure gnome to show open windows on the dock individually? I just installed Ubuntu 18.04 LTS, and am trying to customize the desktop. I placed the app dock on the bottom, and now I'm trying to figure out a way to switch between open windows.Windows on dock individually/ungroup: I know that if I click on an open application's icon, I'll get a nice little pop-up/tooltip showing me all the individual instances/windows of that app. Unfortunately, that's two whole steps which feel very uncomfortable for me. I'd prefer to have each instance shown separately along with a window title (so I can tell them apart). That way, I can just click directly on the window I want.Windows on switcher individually/ungroup: Also, I noticed the ALT + Tab seems to switch between application \"types\" rather than individual windows. So I can't simply use that shortcut to switch between two open terminals, for example. I have to use the mouse every time. Is there a way to change that behavior so that it just switches between individual windows based on their order they were last in focus?
How should I change the default highlight colour to the colour I want? I can highlight text with evince, but if I want a different colour than the default one (yellow), I have to change each highlighted phrase separately. How can I change the default highlight colour to the colour I want?
Kubuntu LiveUSB kernel panic on boot I am attempting to install Kubuntu 18.04.1 on my AMD Ryzen 5 based computer, however I get a kernel panic when booting from the USB disk.The computer's specs:Ryzen 5 - 2600ASRock B450m Pro416GB DDR4-2133AMD RX-470.I have observed multiple Kernel panics:corrupted stack end detected inside schedulerFatal exception in interruptAs well as hangs on the splash screen (the text \"Kubuntu\" still \"breaths\")
Split zip into smaller zip files I need weekly to upload bunch of pdf file to grading platform, in the form of zip, but the website has limit of 250Mb per zip file, and it takes me too much time to split the zip I have into smaller zip files.What is the simplest way to split a zip into chunks with max size?A way that would work on other unix-like platform (like my mac at work) will be grate.I'm looking an existing command that will do it, or some simple python (or node, or any other simple to use languages) module that will help we write a small script that does it.
Automatic route deleting in a specific network I'm on Ubuntu 18.04 and I try to learn more on netplan.When I'm in school's network I need to access to the LAN but I don't want my internet traffic goes by their gateway. I can connect to network by both ethernet ( enp0s25 ) and wifi ( wlp2s0 ). I can identify school's network by domain ( school.example ) and the gateway IP never changes. Does it exist a way to automatically delete the default route when system detects the school's network ? Thanks for your help! Nonot
How to quickly minimize all windows for a single application? I know how to minimize/hide all windows in Cosmic Cuttlefish/GNOME Shell using SUPER+D, but I would like to be able to quickly minimize only all windows for a single application (say the one that currently has cursor focus). For example, I would like to minimize all LibreOffice documents, or all Terminal windows.I am not quite seeing or recognizing a way to do this in Settings > Devices > Keyboard. Is this possible?
How can I set up automatic wallpaper changing on the lock screen in Variety? How can I set up automatic wallpaper changing on the lock screen using the wallpaper changer program Variety?  Ubuntu 18.04 DE Gnome. Thanks.
Trouble running program after successful install New overwhelmed ubuntu user here, but so happy to be finally doing this. I have learned so much so far. I just installed a package for a program called virtual moon atlas 6.0. It consists of three .tgz files; One for 386 processor, one for x86, and one for the data, and a .sh file. I ran the .sh file. It installed, and the script ended with a output line saying that said in order to run the program run this following command. export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=~/virtual_moon/lib &amp;&amp; ~/virtual_moon/bin/atlunWhen I run this it says /home/josh/virtual_moon/bin/atlun: No such file or directoryThinking I was some sort of genius and I decided to the run the following line of code with two vertical bars instead of two ampersands for basically no good reason.export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=~/virtual_moon/lib || ~/virtual_moon/bin/atlunIt ran without an error code, but I don't think it matters because I can't figure out how to launch the program or even find the program name to launch it from the command line by using the find command.What should I do? Thanks for any help you offer. I am so happy to join this community finally.
How to create virtual machine for Virtualbox from extern drive? I want to create a virtual machine of a windows 7 pro system which runs on my notebook before.It's connected by USB.About 40GB and the whole drive has 500GB.It's an OEM version: It doesn't run when booting by USB (only when it's intern installed) but I read about virtual machines being OEM will work?How do I create the virtual machine?Thank you!
18.04 Live DVD intallation fails as partitions are not found Trying to install 18.04 (dual boot) on a new Dell Vostro 3670 with a 250gb ssd drive. After resizing the windows partition, I managed to boot from the 18.04 dvd and start the installation. However, after the first few installation screens I get the message \"Installation requires 8,6GB You have 0B\" and the only option is to exit the installation.I can guess that the primary win10 partition cannot be detected due to stupid Win10 hibernation features for fast boot. Any ideas why the unallocated part of the disk is not detectable ??
How can I make a specific root folder accessible for a user? I have installed Nextcloud via snaps, and it stores its files under /var/snap/nextcloud/common/nextcloud/data/FriedRose/files, owned by root. I like to give my normal user access to read and write to /var/snap/nextcloud/common/nextcloud/data/FriedRose/files/downloads.How can I achieve this without creating a security risk or breaking the snap package? Is giving all directories in this path the executable permission, and giving the downloads directors read and write permission, a good solution? (chmod a+x ...). If this is a good solution, then is there a way to automatically do it or should I write a little function to break up a path into all its directories?
Problem with lock screen after suspend I'm running Ubuntu 18.10, and I've changed my login screen to lightdm (since I don't like the gdm3 screen), but whenever my laptop suspends, it'll still show the gnome lock screen to log back in. Lightdm works fine with a user lock, log out, and when the computer starts up, but there's something about the waking behavior after suspend that causes it to use the gnome screen. Does anyone know how to edit these settings?
Ubuntu 18 Server with 2FA for SSH I want to set up 2FA on SSH on my Ubuntu 18.04 LTS Server. I don't want to use Google Authenticator but Open Source solution.Are there any guides for just using something free and other than Google Authenticator?Thank you in advance.Regards,
What files should be on an Ubuntu installation DVD? I have two DVDs. I cannot install from either. One is xxx.iso the other contains files: .disk, boot, casper \u2026 etcWhat should I see if I display the files that are on a proper DVD?
Update 16.04 to 18.04 broken due to 0 bytes in /boot, not yet rebooted So, stupidly, I neglected to clean up /boot before running update from 16.04 to 18.04. All seemed to go well until right at the end I got the warning of 0 byes in /boot. But I have not yet rebooted, so the laptop is still running 16.04, yet wanting a reboot to finish installing 18.04 ... which will crash if I do that.So, is there a way of re-running the install script in place before rebooting (now that I have ex-post-facto purged /boot) so that the update will finish cleanly?I should add that the whole disk is encrypted. Which is particularly why I'm seeking a pre-reboot correction to the broken update.
Apple's FaceTime on Ubuntu 18.04 I wanted to know if Apple's FaceTime, designed for iOS, could work on Ubuntu 18.04 as well. Maybe through an emulator.Do you know if there is any way to install FaceTime on Ubuntu? Or do I need an emulator? Which one?
How to configure auto completion on docker-compose alias I installed docker-compose, set up auto completion which works as its supposed to. However it does not work on aliases.Any ideas how to solve this?
newly purchased and formatted (ext4) seagate external hard drive 5tb cannot store files in Lubuntu 18.10 + almost 40gb used somehow I recently purchased a new external Seagate 5tb drive. I am running Lubuntu 18.10 from an external Sandisk USB drive. I tried to format the 5tb external drive using mkfs.ext4 using the terminal but once i did that, it was not appearing on the file manager sidebar. So I downloaded and used Gparted. Created a GPT partition table and formatted the whole 5tb drive to ext4.Now the drive appears on the file manager sidebar, but when i try to drag and drop a file, from my Lubuntu usb drive to the external seagate 5tb drive, nothing happens. I tried rebooting, and when i try to move/copy the file again, I get this message: Error opening file \u201c/media/h/f0de3be3-77d2-4ef0-95d9-65f6b7ac5451/testfile.jpg\u201d: Permission deniedCould someone please explain how i may get the external hard drive to be useable?  Is it possibly faulty?  Could I have done something that may have damaged it by formatting it. Could it perhaps work if i tried a different variant of ubuntu like xubuntu ?why gparted says that 37.76gb is in use in this new external 5tb drive, and only 4.51tb is available ?  (The drive i bought was from ebay and heavily discounted, however, there appeared to be a seal on the package and everything seems new).thankyou
Temporary guest session warning on user login Ever since upgrading from 14.04 to 16.04 (uneventfully), I am getting a warning popup on login titled:<blockquote>  Temporary Guest Session</blockquote>with the message:<blockquote>  All data created during this guest session will be deleted  when you log out, and settings will be reset to defaults. </blockquote>However, I am logging in as myself (username, password). And in fact changes to my account (desktop, browser history, etc.) are saved between sessions. Why am I getting that warning and how can I remove it?
\"This application is unconfined. It can access all personal files and system resources.\" - what does it mean? There is this warning next to some applications in Ubuntu Software (I'm using Ubuntu 18.04 LTS).What does it mean?Should I avoid installing them? There is a red exclamation mark next to it, which is disturbing me ;)
ubuntu install expert mode which kernel choose When I set up a fresh Ubuntu Server installation in expert mode after the partitioning comes a point where you have to select the linux kernel. There are shown about 5 options like linux-generic, linux-image-... and others. The standard selection is linux-generic but I don't exactly know which one to select.Can someone explain which kernel to use and why? What does this generally effect? What are the differences between the kernel? What does kernel mean?
If I install a GRUB backup on USB flash will it affect my current system GRUB? I want to be able to boot from HD normally but also boot from USB if something gets broken in my dual-boot setup. It should be transparent to the OSes. Are there any issues with this?
Can I delete old snap folders which used to be installed but remain on system? If I look in /home/username/snap I have some folders for previously installed and uninstalled programs.Am I safe to delete these folders, is there a cleaner or auto way of doing this when snaps are uninstalled?If I run the command snap list or snap list -all they aren't shown.I am running Ubuntu 18.04LTS
Wifi connection with canon pixma ip7250 I am using Ubuntu 18.04 and i have a problem with installation of printer Canon Pixma ip7250. I have already read some comments about it, but it did not work for me. The printer shows that it is connected with my router, but my computer finds it only with LAN cable. Could someone help me?
Unable to open a SD Card, but it is OK on a Mac After using SanDisk SD cards for at least two years on a PC, first with Ubuntu 16.04 and more recently 18.04 today I was unable to \"open\" an SD card though visible in \"Files\". The data had been entered onto the card by the same PC.I fished out my old 2004 MacBook Pro and the card behaved normally in the Mac, I even formatted it as FAT but back in my PC under Ubuntu, though it seemed to be working again (I copied a file to it and was able to open it) I couldn't format it. On requesting a Ubuntu format on the first mask I could choose NTFS (already chosen by the system) or FAT but on clicking on \"Next\" nothing happened whether the choice was NTFS or FAT.Finally I rang SanDisk and they simply said that they didn't support Linux!Does anyone know of any Linux supported SD cards?Bob
Send system mail Ubuntu 18.04 Hello I have looked at many different guides on the web for how to send system mail to my gmail from ubuntu 18.04 in case of problems on the device / server - But can't find a simple guide that i think makes sense? Someone who has some advice?I don't want to set up a mail server but keep it as simple as possible when I'm a beginner. If I could use google smtp server to do that it would be an advantage rather than having to mess with my own domain :)
Wifi not working on Ubuntu 16.04 after just being installed alongside Windows 10 I have just installed Ubuntu 16.04 LTS and the installation went smoothly but I can't seem to connect to WiFi, the button to select networks is greyed and it shows WiFi Network disconnected. I have looked through the other threads and none seem to be working...My laptop uses Realtek RTL8723BE 802.11 bgn Wi-Fi Adapter
How to fix/diagnose GUI issues on Ubuntu 18.04/18.10? For the past few weeks, there have been some issues with the GUI lately. I believe these issues started when I installed CUDA 9.0.My machine:GPU: GeForce GTX 1060 Mobile + Intel HD GraphicsOS: Ubuntu 18.10 Cosmic CuttlefishGUI Issues:When switching to tty1 and logging in, the login screen's mousecursor is still there (doesn't occur anymore)Sometimes the, when I try to lock the screen, the display freezes on the Desktop and then a glitch occurs: the system menu keeps showing up multiple times on top of each other)When I login, the screen flashes a couple of times and lags a bitbefore rendering the desktop (I believe this is because of a new TTY is starting up for X Server, although it doesn't happen when I switch to Intel Graphics from NVIDIA X Server Settings -> PRIME Profiles)Sometimes when I logout and try to login, a \"login loop\" occurs where the I enter the password and the login screen keeps showing up instead of the desktop (I have to use chmod on .Xauthority to login)When I lock the screen, and close the lid (suspend) then open it again, I find myself logged out.At first I had Ubuntu 18.04 LTS, I thought if I upgraded to Ubuntu 18.10, these issues would be fixed but nothing happened.Other things I tried:Reinstalled the NVIDIA driversUncommented WaylandEnable=false line in '/etc/gdm3/custom.conf'Switched to LightDM (new issues occured so I switched back to GDM3)Reinstalled GNOME and GDM3Reinstalled X Server (using apt install --reinstall)Is there any way to further diagnose/fix this problem? The only solution I'm thinking of is to install Ubuntu 16.04.
Ubuntu installation interface not responding I just bought a new HP Pavilion 15 with Windows 10 Home already installed. I wanted to install a dual boot with the latest Ubuntu OS (Bionic Beaver 18.04 LTS). I disable the Secure Boot and the Fast Boot options. I put Ubuntu on my USB key with Rufus (FAT32, on GPT/UEFI partition) and ran my laptop from it. Ubuntu runs, and then, after more or less 15 seconds, I can't click on anything. I still can see my mouse move but the UI is not responding... I already tried several times but it is always the same problem.Does anyone have ever run into this issue ?
installing tp link tl-wn822n on ubuntu 18.04 okay so im having some issues. im very new to linux at this point ive only used it for about a day. and i bought a tp link wifi adapter for better internet. while ubuntu seems to notice it and connect through it, im having a lot of trouble downloading and installing drivers. the guide they give seems to have incomplete commands for me to follow along with in terminal and the only drivers im getting are a folder with some text files and code. i was kind of following it until it told me to compile the drivers by going into the driver directory. i don't know were whats installing to. please i dont want to bother people but im totally lost and i don't want to feel like i just wasted 30 dollars on a hunk of broken plastic. and so far ive only seen threads about it on ubuntu 14 and 16. also im very sorry for not giving you the wireless info script. terminal keeps telling me its unable to resolve host adress, this is also not a connection problem its a speed problem. installing the drivers as ive been told dont work. i get a bunch of error messages. when installing things like sudo apt-get install rtl8192cu-dkms terminal tells me it is unable to locate the package. there's supposed to be a chip.ko file in the directory but i dont see any chip.ko file or any new file names from what comes in the base download. edit: the kernal version for ubuntu 18 is too new to work with this device. please stop flagging this as a duplicate when the threads talking about this device do not address any of these issues. 
How do I connect my NextCloud account to Ubuntu using a self-signed certificate? I'm trying to connect my NextCloud account to Ubuntu, so that I can take advantage of the calendar integration and other features. Right now I'm running my own NextCloud server with a self-signed certificate, as I'm trying to avoid relying on any outside authority.I can access the server from my browser without issues, and I don't mind having to go through the 'untrusted' certificate exception dialog since I'm the one who signed it.But when I try to connect my NextCloud account to Ubuntu using the \"Online Accounts\" feature in system Settings, the connection fails with an error message due to \"Invalid Certificate.\"Is there a way to force Ubuntu to accept my NextCloud server and credentials, even if the certificate is invalid? Is there a way to add the certificate so that Ubuntu will accept it and connect to my server?
Auto Mount SDcard as a network share Hy there, im new in the linux world so i apologize in advance for my dumb question. Is there any easy way to auto mount my SD-card as a network share? I am using a NUC NUC8i5BEH2 as Plex server and there is no monitor connected to the unit.Thank you!
Install Lubuntu on an USB Flash Drive So I want to install Lubuntu to a 16GB USB Flash Drive and I have a question about the install process: how should I partition the device? I have an Asus X550LB notebook and the specs are: 4GB RAM, I7 4500U and Nvidia 740M GPU. The MOBO uses legacy bios.
Ubuntu 18.04: How do I prevent automatic suspend? My laptop (Lenovo L520) suspends whenever I close the lid even if it's plugged in. How can I prevent this? There's no such setting in the power settings (why?). I can find settings for suspend timeouts, but nothing about the lid behavior.
How do I rename a volume in the Disks utility - in 18.04? I clicked the gear icon/ edit mount options but don't know which field changes the actual label for the volume that shows upon my desktop visually.
Install alongside windows option ubuntu 18.04 low swap I have a ThinkPad P1 with 64GB ram. I have installed Ubuntu 18.04, and selected install alongside windows option to leave Ubuntu to handle everything during the installation on 1TB SSD which I have allocated 450GB to Ubuntu.Once installation completed, I have checked the system and noticed ubuntu only gave 2GB to the swaps partition. I was wondering if this is normal. What if the system requires more SWAPS, what would happen then?Thx
How do I invoke the sqlite3-doc package I installed the package but can't figure out how to use/start it. What I'm am looking for is a interactive help/docs for sqlite3 I assumed that what this package does but I don't know how to start it.Thanks in addvance.
Steam Repository installation I have been trying to install steamcmd and normal steam on bionic Ubuntu. I cant figure out how to install the missing libraries and i also want to know if there is repositories i can install. I am running armhf arch.
How to access my usb drive in Windows Subsytem Linux Ubuntu How to access systems usb drive in Windows Subsytem Linux Ubuntu
I need help with my Logitech M510 mouse I have a Logitech M510 and I cant use the scroll button, and I cant find the software for it. I have already gone to the web site to look for software for for Ubuntu.
How to change priority of program in system monitor? I'm trying to change priority of processes so the games I play have a higher priority for performance reasons, but I cant figure it out how to that. I've done some searching and found that you have to change the programs \"nice\" value (or something like that), however I always get lost and confused when following their explanations.
Does anyone know of a substitute, or native application, for notes and notebooks in Ubuntu? I've been testing Evernote for a month.I believe that it has a perfect design, adequate functionalities that adapt well to my workflow.Mainly the notes are academic notes, drafts of documents and personal and family annotations.What I'm looking for basically is:Cloud-basedSynchronization with mobilesNotes with styles and organization in folders or notebooks
E: Unable to locate package when I install unetbootin I try to install UNETbootin using the terminal. When I enter the following:sudo apt-get update sudo apt install unetbootin I get this error: E: Unable to locate packageI already tried many things. I hope anyone has a solution for this? I'm using ubuntu 18.10 is it because of this version I get this error? Are there other alternatives then unetbootin. 
Need help with dual booting I tried dual booting Ubuntu and windows but when I finish the installation it just brings me back to windows. No option for ubuntu or anything. Any replies are greatly appreciated 
How to decrease brightness even more in Ubuntu? I have been using an app called DimScreen on Windows, but I can't find any app that would make it possible for my Ubuntu. I tried xbacklight and it does not seem to work.Do you guys know how to decrease it lower than the minimum brightness?
Mouse pointer automatically clicks on selection I have a Lenovo Thinkpad X1Carbon (Gen 2) with dual boot - Ubuntu 16.04 and Win7. Recently I started having problems with the mouse/touchpad, and whereever the mouse pointer is on, after 1 or 2 seconds, it acts as if I clicked the mouse and it opens that particular file, app, link or whatever, almost immediately. It is the same if I use the touchpad, mouse or the red dot button in the middle of the keyboard. Disconnecting the mouse and/or turning off the touch pad makes no difference, the pointer still activates any selection made. At first I thought it was a hardware issue but then realized that it only acts this way in Ubuntu, the mouse/touchpad work fine in Win7. As suggested in a FB group, I tried updating the kernel but that didn't change anything. I also searched wiki.archlinux but could not find any similar problem there. Any ideas??
How do I install Evince 3.28 or newer on Ubuntu Xenial 16.04 LTS? Evince 3.28, the default in Ubuntu Bionic 18.04 LTS, introduces several good features, in particular a working fullscreen mode.Is there a way to install this version - or newer - on 16.04?The most up to date PPA I was able to find only had 3.24.1, and building from source has proven tricky.
Can Dock setting be set up to show/open applications on second screen? I have dock set up to show on both monitors. But whenever I click the show applications button or launch something from the dock on the second monitor it lists applications or opens them on the primary monitor.I would for dock that if application is opened on 2nd monitor that it will open on second monitorIs there any way to set up dock that applications are shown or opened on whatever monitor the dock is used on?
Samsung notebook spin 7 with ubuntu 18.04 keyboard backlight problem I have samsung notebook 7 spin laptop with ubuntu 18.04 installed on it. I am not been able to turn on the keyboard backlight atleast not by using the dedicated function key. Please help I'm new to ubuntu
Turning off the \"activities\" hotcorner at the top left? I am finding it hard to turn off the hotspots on the desktop (Ubuntu 18.04.2) at the top left corner that shows up with a miniature version of the windows I have available to switch to. The stuff I can think to search for like \"activities hotspot ubuntu\" are all too generic to get me there.I checked gnome-shell extensions in Firefox, but I didn't see anything obviously it and am not very familiar with the interface yet. Does anyone know what to call this feature? I just want to turn it off because it false triggers all the time when I hit close buttons on a maximized application, and having two monitors makes this happen as well when on a second monitor that shows no floating taskbar.Where are such configurations stored in the latest version?
Swap mouse's Primary Button using a shortcut-key In Ubuntu mouse's Primary Button can be easily swapped between left and right from the Settings menu.I'd like to make such change possible from a keyboard's shortcut.Is there any way to create such shortcut? Or does it already exist?
Winetricks: Can't locate and install d3dcompiler_43.dll? I have a game running on Lutris and I need to install d3dcompiler_43.dll library. However, when I try installing it trough Winetricks, the package is simply not on the list. The only similar package (with a similar name) I see is d3dcompiler_47.dll, however, the game doesn't run with this one. My Wine version is 3.18. I am pretty sure the package used to be there, but I don't remember what wine version I used. Do you know how to install it without Winetricks? Or if I should I use another wine version instead in order to install it?
windows and ubuntu on ssd, another ubuntu on hdd, cannot access second ubuntu please help me.On my pc i had a windows and an ubuntu (64-bit), installed on SSD. I needed a new (32-bit) ubuntu and i installed it on the HDD (a new 100GB partition, ext4 type).Now, when i start pc, it goes in the normal boot menu where i have the old windows and the ubuntu. I went on the boot setting and i tried to boot from all the options i found, with the hope to find the new ubuntu instaled, but i didn't find it. Can anybody tell me if there is a way to access the new ubuntu and add it in the boot menu near the old OSs?
Copy this folder into the root directory of disksim I am trying to install a simulator (disksim) in ubuntu but i am not getting these two things:1) Can i just directly copy a folder and paste it into another folder(Disksim) or i have to do it through terminal?2) What is meant by root directory of Disksim?
what happens if ufw firewall is inactive? I want to know more of what ufw is. I'll ask some questions and you can let me know if i'm right or not.1) ufw helps us to block connections or allow connections from specific ip address or whatever. I'm curious what happens if ufw is not enabled which means it's INACTIVE. does it mean it allows anything at all? whatever we want?2) let's say I enabled ufw, add one rule. if the answer to previous question was (IT ALLOWS ANYTHING If it's inactive) , then if I only have one rule and ufw is active, it means anything else(any kind of my service that listens on some port) is blocked by default and I have to enable it to allow it.Thank you.
messed up bootloader of windows 10 and ubuntu while dual booting windows 10 and ubuntu 18.04 I hope you guys are doing fine. So I tried to dual boot windows 10 and ubuntu 18.04. Windows 10 was already installed and I made a separate partition and tried to install ubuntu 18.04 on it. The installation was successful but now I have messed up with the bootloader. It says no bootable media found. I can neither boot into windows 10 nor into ubuntu. Accessing the driving through the ubuntu live cd. I have found that windows and ubuntu files are in their respective drives. So it is actually only the issue of bootloader. Checking the BIOS/UEFI setup, I have found that boot options only point to ubuntu but dont even boot into that. So how can fix this issue ? Will I have to reinstall the bootloader for windows ?
Gparted will not allow me to unmount partitions I am having a problem in Gparted. I am running Ubuntu 16.04. I need to expand my main partition, containg \"/\into unallocated space. I have used a live DVD with 18.04 to try to use Gparted to expand the partition. I believe that I have unmounted the partition because the \"lock\" symbol disappeared and I swich linuxswap partion to Off.Despite my best efforts the partition is not changeable in size. It's shown as Full in Gparted and I am wondering if this condition is somehow inhibiting my desired expansion of the partition.Can anyone suggest what I am failing to do correctly?
FlatPack in Ubuntu Core Ubuntu Core has multiple useful features for iot but snap is not one of them because of proprietary store/no self-hosted repositories option.Is there any way to use flatpack in Ubuntu Core / a real open source package distribution?
Is it possible to get a system microphone control icon next to the system volume control icon in the Gnome top bar Is there a way to natively add a system microphone control icon next to the system volume control icon in the Gnome top bar?Also, why is this control not there by default as system volume is?
Difference between Dnsmasq and Dnsmasq-base I want to set up a DNS and DHCP server to bypass the loopback restriction of my internet provider. I wanted to install Dnsmasq but can't install It because of conflicts with Dnsmasq-base.So my questions are :What are the differences between Dnsmasq and Dnsmasq-base?Can we set up what I want with Dnsmasq-base?If yes, how? If no, what are the alternatives?
How to flash RasPlex to SD from Ubuntu Hi im trying to install RasPlex for my Raspi 3 when I downloaded the file to flash it came in a .bin file and the instructions are very weak. So I now have a .bin file and not a clue on how to flash it to my SD card. Im extremely green when it comes to anything linux so please be gentle.
Ola Index and Update stats I wanted to ask what is the proper way to run the index maintannace ola script.Do you include @UpdateStatistics = 'Y', and @OnlyModifiedStatistics = 'Y'?The reason I ask is that wherever I read, everyone says not to update statistics after an index rebuild.  From what I am seeing, with those two options highly fragmented or indexes that could not be reorganized, that were rebuild would have their stats updated (excluding column stats) and than updating stats again would update the stats.Would it be better to update stats in a different job, ran at a different time/day or is it fin to include those options?
PostgreSQL warm standby: sync WAL files I'm new to PostgreSQL (using ver 8.4.20) and need to setup a master and standby SQL server setup.  I am planning to use warm standby setup.  I have read the docs on PG and understand the basics, but a few things aren't clear:If I use log shipping, what program is responsible for moving the logs from the master to the standby? Do I need to setup an rsync job, or does PG take care of this automatically?  If I wanted to keep control of this synchronizing (by using rsync), could I disable PG's synchronization (if such a thing exists)Assuming I need to setup an rsync job, do I sync the archive directory?  or the main PG log directory?Is it possible to combine log shipping (to cover longer outages) and streaming/SR (for record level synchronization)?  Is that a desirable thing?Is it possible to script something on the standby which tells me if it cannot sync with the master because too many old archive files are missing).  So that I can send myself an alert, or run some other script.
Build a Hyper-V template w/ SQL Server 2016 pre-installed The problem that I've encountered is in renaming the \"template\" to the \"production\" server name. SQL Server sys.servers, server_id =0 retains \"template\not \"production\".The only way around this seems to be to re-install SQL Server -- defeating the purpose of a template.Note: sp_addserver has been discontinued; sp_addlinkedserver cannot create server_id =0 (local).
Oracle 12c backup question with FRA If I wanted to backup to the FRA and another location, how would I configure the channels? Also, would I need to set parallelism?Thanks
What security vulnerabilities are there with IDENTITY_INSERT and DBCC CHECKIDENT I'm writing some simple C# code through a website to take an excel file and update a table on a database. My system admin seems to not want to give me access to pretty much anything including the two things above stating that I need a Security+ certificate in order to run those commands.I've been doing this a long time (15 years), first I've ever run into a problem like this, and so this seems really really weird and strange.I already can update, insert, delete and do modifications to tables as I have been given some access to the database. So what if any are the security implications of these additional permissions? Can someone explain the reluctance of the SA to grant me these permission? Please enlighten me, because at this point I'm just scratching my head trying to figure out why the application cannot be granted these rights.
How Mysql Query Plan is generated? Mysql before executing a query with multiple joins. It creates multiple query plan and find the lowest cost plan to execute the query(approx).My questions areHow the query plan is generated on what basis(like no of fields in the where condition for a particular table)Is there any formula(or steps) to generate query plan by ourself
How can I get Sql Server 2016 on a 32-bit server? I didn't build it, but we've got a 32-bit Windows Server 2008, with SQL server 2008 and 4GB of RAM.I need to upgrade it to SQL Server 2016 in order to log ship to a new server, so we can put this thing out of its misery.  The problem - it looks like SQL Server 2016 requires, at minimum, Windows Server 2012, which is only 64-bit.  Question: how can I migrate the data to a SQL 2016 server with &lt;1 day of downtime?  Is there a way to get around it with compatibility levels? 
Service Broker-Certificate Not Found My organization has been successfully using service broker, dialog security, for a few years. I have a new instance of service broker that I would like to configure, but I believe I am running into a situation where the order in which the new broker instance is being incorrectly placed into the databases (with existing broker instances in place) causing the new broker instance to fail. My error is on the target server; Certificate Not Found. Security context could not be retrieved. My situation is:Source server A (dmz) sending to target server B, where there are already existing broker instances sending messages both ways but on different databases.Test 1: I switched the role of the source and target server around, making server B my source and server A (dmz) my target while using the same databases.  This was successful. Test 2: I dropped the test 1 instance and created 2 new databases on each server. I have again, reconfigured the source and target roles, now sending from server A (dmz) to server B and this was successful. There is only the one service broker instance configured in the new databases, so the order of placement is not an issue.I have come into this situation in the past when we first set up our dev/test environments; However, the situation was slightly different as many other broker instances were also failing. Not all of them, but some. Once I realized what was happening, dropping all instances and recreating them in a specific order, source instances before target instances, the situation was resolved. I would think that service broker would add a new instance in the correct place of order, automatically.Am I correct in thinking that the broker instances must be configured within a specific order? If so, how can I add new broker instances without interrupting what is already there? Please share your thoughts and suggestions.
Linked Server - Double Hop - Kerberos - TCP I am having trouble with a Linked Server. I would typically not use a linked server, but legacy issues are forcing my hand.I am attempting to set up a linked server between two new production SQL servers. I have configured SQL on both machines with domain service accounts running MSSQLSvc on each respective SQL instance.The domain service accounts have SPNs registered; I have verified this through AD attribute editor(sp?). I can perform single hop queries on the actual servers, but no luck with the double hop from my laptop (domain admin).I have used the Kerberos Config tool on each server and configured what I can. This is where google falls short on this issue. When I use the Kerberos Config Tool on one of the servers I get this for my service account running MSSQLsvc; \"TCP must be enabled to use Kerberos authentication\".In the SQL server config manager, I have TCP/IP enabled. I have restarted services and the server on several occasions. Any thoughts? I can provide more information.
Archiving strategy I have an instance with only one database which contains 4 years of data (400 gigas). I name this instance inst_liveI want to implement this following archiving strategy:create an archive instance (inst_archive) and copy the database from inst_live to inst_archive.all days, delete from inst_live all datas which are over two yearsreplay inst_live transactions in inst_archive except the purge.Implement a streaming replication from inst_live to inst_archive is a solution to maintain freshness data in inst_archive but I fear the purge applied in inst_live will be applied in inst_archive too.Inst_live has to contain only 2 years of dataInst_archive has to contains 4 years of data.Is anyone have any ideas please ?I am using Postgresql 9.5 in Red Hat 7.1Pglogical seems allowing logical replication based only on INSERT and UPDATE statements.Does anyone implement it in production? Is there tutorials other than official documentation? I have some trouble to follow step by step official documentation. Does Slony allow logical replication based on INSERT and UPDATE only?
SQL Server Backups in Parallel Currently I am using ola hallengren  backup and maintenance scripts.I have a question:I have 5 big databases in one server. It's taking approximate 10+ hours everyday to complete full backups. Currently it's writing in sequentially into disk. I want to write all backups parallel to reduce time. Is there any way I can write backups parallel?I am taking compressed and verify only backups to network location 
Track MySQL Procedure Changes in MySQL We want to keep track of changes being done to MySQL procedures only, actually recently our procedures seem to have overwritten to some previous versions and we were unable to track it that who did this. We were able to track thread-id from mysqlbinlog but were not able to determine whose userid was using that thread-id.   Is there any way by which we can do following\u2022 Track user-id from mysqlbinlog thread-id<br>\u2022   Keep track of every create procedure/drop procedure We are using MySQL 5.7.20 community edition on windows 10 &amp; CentOS7 and we are using row level bin-logging Any help is greatly appreciated.
List of All Privileges Table on MySQL I\u2019m trying to connect MySQL to an identity management (IDM) platform - goal is, to be able to create roles from the IDM site out of the MySQL privileges and be able to provision it to new users, which should create as well in the MySQL. To do this, I need to connect MySQL to the IDM platform, which I have already done. I\u2019m stuck on the next step though: I need the list of all privileges that can be granted to a user in MySQL then map it as entitlements on the IDM site. I have checked the information_schema.user_privileges/mysql.user but found that it only contains the current privileges of existing users. The privileges were on columns, I think if there is a way I can get it as records then I may consider using it. Can anyone please help? Or if someone knows any methodology to do this better please let me know. 
CPU,Memory and disk I/O utilization for each query in mysql How can we identify the exact CPU,Memory and disk I/O, when a query is executed. I am using mysql 5.7.20 community version. I am able to get only cpu details for session level by setting SET profiling=1. How can we identify all these details in global level for all the sessions. 
Error creating connection pool for dbid: We have an application that uses TomCat and Java to receive files and move them to a SQL Server 2012 instance.  Previous versions of this software worked just fine.  The new release fails on our system with the error <blockquote>  Error creating connection pool for dbid:</blockquote>Many hours have been spent adjusting the configuration to get past this error with no positive result.  Any insight on what the error means and how it might be traced would be appreciated.
Using Pt-online schema change on multi master MYSQL We are using two MYSQL servers in ring replication where master is also a slave of the other master. Both have slaves connected to each other.We want to run pt-online-schema-change to add couple of columns but we are not sure if it may break the replication due to ring replication in place. Any advice would be great.
SQL Server on CentOS using CAL licensing I have been running a PoC for a large data science workload with SQL Server on CentOS.I recently discovered that SQL is using only 20 cores of a 56-core server.  I understand that this is because it is operating under the Server+CAL licensing mode, as shown by this entry in the SQL log:<blockquote>  SQL Server detected 2 sockets with 28 cores per socket and 28 logical processors per socket, 56 total logical processors; using 20 logical processors based on SQL Server licensing. This is an informational message; no user action is required.</blockquote>I know I can change Edition using mssql-conf, but is it possible to change the licensing mode so that I can address all CPU sockets?
What caused the database [.mdf file] to grow suddenly I am trying to find the cause which have bloated the mdf of a database from 20 GB to 100 GB.So far i tried checking the autogrow events to find time, but could not find none using standard reports and even default trace files.We don't have 3rd party monitoring tools to confirm if any maintenance job like rebuild would have done or any other process.How can i find what caused the growth on this mdf?
Continuously move data from server A to Server B while deleting the data in server A? I'm developing an ad server that is expected to handle ad impressions/billion clicks per day.The most difficult challenge I am facing is moving data from one server to another.Basically the flow is like this :Multiple front facing load balancers distributes traffic (http load balancing) to several servers called the traffic handler node. These traffic handler nodes job is to store the click logs in mysql table (data like geo , device, offer id, userid etc) and then redirect traffic to the offer landing page.Every minute cron job runs in all traffic nodes that which transfers all the clicks logs to reporting server (server where all reports generation is done) in batches of 10000 rows per minute , and then delete the data after confirming that the data is successfully received by the reporting server. The reporting servers uses clickhouse database engineI need to replace the mysql database engine from the traffic nodes as I'm facing a lot of issues with MySQL. Between the heavy inserts and then the heavy deletes it's getting slow. Plus, the data is being transferred via cron job so there is 2 minutes average delay.I can't use clickhouse in these server as Yandex clickhouse do not support updates and deletes yet and the click logs are supposed to be updated many times (how many events happened on the visit)I'm looking at kakfa but again I'm not sure how to achieve one way data transfer and then deletion of data.Maybe my whole approach is wrong. I would be very grateful for any expert to guide in right direction.
Connection issues with Azure DB from SSMS I am currently making a connection to Azure DB from SSMS using public wifi. For the past few days, I was able to connect SSMS to Azure DB without any issues by adding the current ip address into the server firewall. However, today the following error came up:Error Message<blockquote>  A network-related or instance-specific error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and the SQL Server is configured to allow remote connections.<br>  (provider: TCP Provider, error: 0 -No connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it.)(Microsoft SQL Server Error: 10061)<br>  No connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it.</blockquote>Things that I have tried to correct itCheck and retyped server name, login and passwordEnable all SQL Server Config protocolManually add ip address to azure SQL Server firewallEnable SQL server through firewallHowever the issue is still not resolved, so what should I do?Results from pinging the name of the Azure SQL server<blockquote>  Pinging eastasia1-a.control.database.windows.net [191.234.2.139] with 32 bytes of data:    Request timed out.    Request timed out.    Ping statistics for 191.234.2.139:      Packets: Sent = 4, Received = 0, Lost = 4 (100% loss),    C:>telnet 191.234.2.139 1433    Connecting To 191.234.2.139...Could not open connection to the host, on port 1433: Connect failed    C:>tracert 191.234.2.139    Tracing route to 191.234.2.139 over a maximum of 30 hops    1     2 ms     1 ms     2 ms  10.27.0.2    2     2 ms     2 ms     2 ms  172.30.17.1    3     2 ms     1 ms     2 ms  172.30.2.189    4     *        *        *     Request timed out.    5     *        *        *     Request timed out.</blockquote>*Rest is request timeout
Using Powershell can you insert a macro into Access? I am using PowerShell to automate an export of an access databse (.accdb) to postgresql. As a step of that I am using a VBA script to convert all the table and column names to lowercase so they play nicer with postgresql queries. I would like to insert the macro that would perform this task after I copy the database to a local location. This is prevent the cleanup script ever being run on the production database.My question is, using powershell is it possible to insert  a macro into an access database? I can find documentation on how to do this with excel but as far as I can tell it doesn't translate to access. Edit: Alternatively a macro that can create another macro with a given input or a macro that will execute code fed to it via an input parameter. 
Internal Stored Procedure Failure - ID_TransUserActionCreate On a SQL Server 2014 12.0.4237.0 system, the following errors have been logged periodically (11 times in past 66 days):  <blockquote>  2018-03-22 09:28:11.170 Error: 50101, Severity: 16, State: 10.<br>  2018-03-22 09:28:11.170 Internal Stored Procedure Failure -  ID_TransUserActionCreate - SQL Error Number 0    </blockquote>As yet I haven't found any reference to an error with code 50101, and Google, amazingly, returns absolutely nothing for \"ID_TransUserActionCreate\".As far as \"what's happening at the time this is logged,\" I don't know yet as there are several databases on the system and we haven't yet started collecting detailed information to answer that question.  So this question is to ask if anyone knows, or has a good idea, what this message means and/or if it is something I should be concerned with.
Is there a tool to check mysql/mariadb database is all OK? Today, Mariadb went down on one of my servers. The specific issue was something to do with ibdata1 file being locked. I found a website that showed how to fix it, and so all was OK. So I thought. 30 minutes later it went down again, same issue, same fix. Its now running OK but I am worried it will happen again. I dont know why this would just happen when its been running fine for so long. Its a Linode server that runs Virtualmin for LAMP stack website hosting. Quite straightforward. So I wondered if there is some sort of tool that can check over the DB and files to check there is nothing corrupt or untoward. Much like you do for operating systems, checking the disk is OK, defragging windows etc. Anything that gives the DB a once over to check all is OK. 
Report Server Reports Hanging I'm working on a issue with heavily fragmented indexes on a large production DB. I've pretty much identified the indexes that are heavily fragmented, including those that are not really being used. I plan to rebuild some and remove others. So my next step is to devise a before and after time test.One of the symptoms of this is SSRS reports taking about an hour to render. I'm new to Report Server. I can see that a report is being embedded in the ASPX page using a ReportViewer control with the ServerPort ReportPath and ReportServerUrl properties set. My problem is trying to figure out how to time the display of the report from start to finish in the code-behind. I can write the start time to a file in the Page_Load but I can't figure out how to record the end time... Pre-Render could just hang and I'm not sure if this is the only page lifecycle event I can tap into to record this. Should I use a Windows Service, and if so, how would I trigger/record the start and end times that way?I'd really appreciate some feedback on whether this is possible via the display page's code-behind.
MOVING TO ORACLE 12c I have an rman backup of 11.2.0.2. Also I have installed 12c on a separate server. Can I move my backup to 12c. if yes?Please guide me how to do it?Appreciate your comments and answer.
DataBase Performance Issues with Indexes I'm reviewing a production database with over 400 tables and 658 indexes. I have determined that only 440 of these indexes are being used. Of these, many have fragmentation approaching 100% so I will be rebuilding and reorganizing them as needs require. Many reports are crawling, etc. One thing I noticed on querying the system views is that all indexes have a fill factor of 0. So my question is twofold: should I aim for a fill factor of 90% and monitor it, and should I adjust the fill factor BEFORE rebuilding indexes? 
Necessity of having two instances (Reader and Writer) in Amazon Aurora I'm managing an Amazon Aurora account. Somebody set it up months ago.The service has TWO instances (same AZ):- project- project-eu-central-1bSame class (db.t2.small), but different \"Replication Role\". First is Reader and the second is Writer. The service has only one cluster:project-cluster-1I wouldn't like paying twice if I need only one instance but I'm not sure if Aurora actually needs two instances (W and R) to work or it was a bad initial setup.Can I use one instance for reading/writing and \"move permissions\" on MySQL-side?I'm also interested in \"Reserved instances\". In actual scenario I think I need to buy two reserved instances, right? Thanks.
Spatial query to get enclosing radius/polygon of result set Is it possible in SQL to run a query of spatial data, and then just return a single polygon, or a radius, that encloses, aggregates, all of the spatial data that was in that query into one feature?
How to achive a many to one merge join in Azure Data Warehouse I have a merge join in azure data warehouse. My estimated execution plan currently shows it as a many to many join. I'd like to know if it is possible to achieve a many to one join. Currently I'm struggling to think of a way to do this as primary keys and unique constraints are unsupported. Is there anything available that would allow me to tell it that one of the tables will always contain unique values.
Does backing up a database shrink the transaction log size? I am trying to gather some knowledge on SQL databases and I have some questions about the transaction log file (LDF).First off, when you create a database, you have to define an Initial File Size for both the database and the log file. From what I can see, once the files are created on the disk, they will be of that specified size regardless if there is actual data in the database or if there has been any transactions (logs).My understanding was that backing up a database:Truncates the transaction log, andShrinks the sizeof the LDF file on the disk by \"emptying\" the logs inside it.Now it seems that I was not understanding this correctly because the log file seems to be of fixed size. My actual question goes like this:What does truncating logs actually do to the log file (LDF)? This process is supposed to prevent disks from getting full.Please do correct me if I am not understanding some concepts correctly.Thank you!
question about using tokuDB or InnoDB for financial data we want to use Percona xtraDBcluster for clustering 4 nodes (Master-Master) and we have a finance project which should have a rather large database. The number of tables is not more than 40, but we have about 2 tables which store financial transaction data and the estimated amount of data in these tables is going to grow at 350,000 records per day, and we should keep them at least 10 years to be able to do various reports.Most of the operation (98%) in these tables is Insert/read but we can separate updatable fields in a separate table.My questions are the following:Should I use a tokuDB storage engine for such large amounts of data or InnoDB?What is the best solution for such large and sensitive database?Best RegardsAli
SQL Agent and DTSX SSIS package: How to get it to email or ftp the output file? (SQL Server 2016) I have a dtsx, and can get SQL Agent to run it as a package on the file system.So that drops the resulting xlsx to disk.How can I get that xlsx emailed or sftp'd somewhere?
Is there any scenario where a exported (.sql) database dump could be bigger in size, than the database itself? I'm a developer in a local company, and I'm currently working on a project which involves migrating a website to my company's server, from some other hosting provider.For some reason this other company won't give us access to the cPanel, but rather provided us with the project (files) and an exported db script(.sql).Now I'm having issues after importing the db because it lacks few tables.I actually think the db export is okay itself. While the script file is rather large ~1.5GB, the db after importing is only ~1GB.Q:I'm using cPanel &amp; phpMyAdmin, and now I'm wondering if there's any scenario where the db SQL script file could be larger than the database itself, or might there be a limitation within cPanel or phpMyAdmin regarding the size, which would cause the import to skip/stop or anything similar on about 1GB?I always thought (and still think it makes more sense) that the db could be only bigger than the script file, due to how the SQL scripts are built, lack of indexes etc.Just wanted to check if this is possible, before I start inspecting the 1.5GB sql file myself and see wether tables are missing there too.Thanks PS couldn't find similar questions.
How to query MySql using 256 AES decrypt with key and IV How does one write a MySql query to do a search on (for example) a username, when the username has been AES encrypted with a key and an IV?I can't find examples of how to write the query.Of course one has to decrypt the entire dataset and then filter it. Doesn't this cause memory problems?
Is it possible to host pbix and rdl files on the same report server instance? Just upgraded an existing instance of SQL Server 2014 to 2016. That instance has an instance of Reporting Services installed. My end goal is to connect Power BI Desktop (March 2018) to my existing report server. I've downloaded and installed Power BI Report Server. Worked through the reporting services configuration manager. In Power BI Desktop, I try to pass my existing url to the Power BI Report Server Selection pane. The url that i'm passing is pulled straight from the config manager and I can connect to it using IE. Current error reads: \"We couldn't find a Power BI Report Server at this address\"I've restarted the the service on my windows box, still no luck. Any ideas?
SQL Server 2016 Primary and Backup We have a new production box with two SQL servers,SQL Server 2016 Standard edition.The current plan is to have:One primary SQL serverBackup SQL server:only SQL Report server,which points to primary server.Can you please suggest any good replication strategy to move data from primary to back up server and which does not use Single User mode.Realtime replication is expected.In primary server lots of insert/update happens and will be online 24/7.New into Replication.Only one database in Primary SQL server,have to replicate the same db tables/views/triggers etc  into Backup server.Have done some research on replication(Snapshot,Transaction,Merge),but i am not sure about the Single User mode thing in this context.
SQL Server Service Accounts We have a new Windows 2016 server and I have to install SQL Server 2016 standard edition. Once I install and configure the SQL server I will move my existing production database to the new db server.I have remote desktop access to the server to install the SQL server, but I am not sure if I need to have domain service accounts? I was of the impression that the default services SQL server assigns during the installation is enough.Question 1:The DB Admin team will remote desktop to that server and connect to SQL server using SSMS,not from their local SSMS. In that case do I have to have domain service accounts?Question 2:The application which DB support will have few hundred users connecting over network? In that case the default service account will be enough or do I have to have domain service accounts?I am new to the database administration world, so I am still struggling with few concepts.
SQL Server 2014 Edition Downgrade I have a SQL Server 2014 Standard Edition used by my devs to test their applications pointing to a common instance. Lately I've been informed that for this purpose I can use Developer Edition, that it would keep all the features they need to work.I've see on Microsoft website that this counts as an Edition Downgrade and won't have a proper \"Wizard\" to help on this task. Seeing this, I planned on:Backup all databases, export users, jobs and grants. Uninstall Standard Edition.Install Developer Edition.Restore databases and re-create users, give grants and re-create jobs.I did use DBA Tools Powershell Library to migrate a previous instance on the exact same case. Is this plan the easiest option to achieve this migration? Thanks in advance! 
Does SQL Server use (unused)index stats for optimizer I am wondering about unused index in MS SQL Server. By the Index usage DMV I can identify an index which has not been used for seeks, scans or lookups.However I know from Oracle that an index might not be used in such a way in a execution plan, however it can still contribute statistics/cardinality information to the (Oracle) optimizer. This contribution is not monitored in the same way.So I am wondering if in MSSQL a Index can have a similar positive effect even when it is not directly used (in a representative time frame)? And specifically, if it can be better than a column statistic (I.e. dropping the index would be harmful).I haven\u2019t seen this mentioned in any of the index tuning articles I have come along, so I assume MSSQL (up to 2017) does not have this concept, is that correct?
Dev/Test Environment For Databases With Cross-Database Joins We have existing databases under source control in SQL Server Database Projects with a number of these databases referencing each other.Getting these into projects and source control was challenging enough though I'm finding it difficult to setup Dev/Test environments without using a new SQL server instance.At the moment we have a copy of the databases on a test SQL instance which is being used as part of continuous deployment. What I am looking to do is to develop in a branch and work against databases with a Dev prefix on the same instance, though realise that these would be referencing the databases used for continuous deployment.Would this be possible by using Databases variables in Database References rather than just the name, if so how and is there a way to share SQLCMD variables across projects? Are there any alternative ways to consider?
Dev/Test Environment For Databases With Cross-Database Joins We have existing databases under source control in SQL Server Database Projects with a number of these databases referencing each other.Getting these into projects and source control was challenging enough though I'm finding it difficult to setup Dev/Test environments without using a new SQL server instance.At the moment we have a copy of the databases on a test SQL instance which is being used as part of continuous deployment. What I am looking to do is to develop in a branch and work against databases with a Dev prefix on the same instance, though realise that these would be referencing the databases used for continuous deployment.Would this be possible by using Databases variables in Database References rather than just the name, if so how and is there a way to share SQLCMD variables across projects? Are there any alternative ways to consider?
MongoDB multiple Cluster data sync Can we have this type of configuration?1)MongoDB - Multiple cluster data synchronizing master to master2)MongoDB - Multiple cluster DR3)MongoDB - Multiple cluster Blue-green deployment
SQL Server 2014: Graceful shutdown of an Availability Group node What I'm trying to do is to gracefully shut down one of two nodes in our SQL Server Availiability Group, effectively draining all the connections.Previously, we were just stopping the SQL Server instance on the node, but that results in a flurry of \"The specified network name is no longer available\" errors from client applications.What is the kosher way of shutting down a node?I'm no DBA here, so please, ask whatever questions you deem necessary.
Why is a round robin distribution better for a skewed dataset? I have a skewed dataset, where most rows fall into the largest 10 values of my best candidate distribution key. My data is made up of two large tables, that only share two keys - my best candiate key, plus one other, but that one is null 80% of the time, so I have discounted it as an option.Conventional wisdom says that if the data is skewed, I should use a round robin distribution. Looking at the explain plans produced by joins on the tables, I see my candidate column is the shuffle key for the shuffle move. This makes me question if I should change the distribution from round robin, to hash distributed, saving the time it takes to move data on every execution. Is my logic correct? I feel like this is against the conventional wisdom when working with distributed sql. I don't expect any queries where this join isn't required, so that may be where others would see the benefit. 
Putting Databases In Single User Mode I used SSMS to put several databases in Single User Mode.  I started doing a full backup on each database and it was working sucessfully until I got to the 3rd database and I'm receiving an error telling me the database is already open.  I stopped all Agent Jobs before I started and the DB is off the network.  I tried putting the database back in Multi-User mode and I'm being told it's already in use.How do I disconnect whatever is connected to it?  I restarted the SQL Server instance with no luck.
Why do the outdated statistics degrade a query performance? Some facts:1. The outdated statistics cause generating an inaccurate estimated    plan. The estimated execution plan is created by Query Optimizer    which uses both statistics and the query processor tree.2. The actual execution plan is created after executing the query. When the stats are stale, the Storage Engine generates its own plan which is different than the estimated one.The question: Why to bother about outdated stats if SQL Server can create accurate actual execution plan (by Storage Engine) when it finds out that data has been changed? How can the difference between the estimated and actual plan influences the query performance?
Required free Disk Space for Index rebuild offline Operations I have SQL Server 2017 Standard Editon with two Databases. The current total index size of Database1 is 111 GB and for Database2 is 122 GB. Since I'm on Standard Edition I can only rebuild the Index offline.  We have split the Database-Files on Disk D: and Log-Files on E:. Free disk space on D: is 290 GB and on E: 35 GB. How can I calculate the required free disk space for offline index rebuild on D: and E:? For online Index rebuilds, I've found a Microsoft article stating that total space required is approximately 1.2 times the total index size. Is the same estimate true for offline rebuilds?  Do I need this free disk space for Database-Files and for Log-Files?
Migrating SQL Server 2000 to 2008/14 - Stored procedures compatibility? I am planning migration from old SQL server 2000 db to 2014 (through 2008 extra step). I Wonder if stored procedures will work with no tweaks or arrangements are required
Can mongorestore replay oplog via mongos? I'm using MongoDB 3.6.2 and configured to sharded cluster.I used mongodump to dump oplog from every shard and then restored by mongorestore via mongos, but I got below error.<blockquote>  Failed: no oplog file to replay; make sure you run mongodump with --oplog</blockquote>And then I restored by mongod that works.Is it possible to restore oplog via mongos? If yes, how to do?
Can we retrieve historical database growth report for MySQL? Can someone share a method on how can I retrieve the database growth report from the date of creation till current for MySQL? Coming from Oracle background, I understand for Oracle we can do a script to query the creation date or from the snapshot. But I don't now if MySQL has a similar table/view which I can query and check from.
Using RDBMS with pseudo foreign keys VS using NoSQL solutions According to some database administrators for our org, it is generally not advisable to actually enforce foreign-key relations within our MySQL DBs. Instead, it is preferred to simply represent this with a pseudo foreign-key ID column and to instead perform extra application processing for the foreign-key coercion. The reason is that inserts and deletes (especially cascading ones) become prohibitively expensive as the database scales out.But does this not defeat the purpose of a RBDMS to begin with? From what I understand, it seems that one of the biggest reasons to use a RBDMS to begin with (besides enforcing ACID properties) is to ensure application query processing involving related (i.e. bound by junction tables via FKs) objects are minimized. Is it in general more practical to utilize pseudo foreign-keys with additional application processing then? And, if so, why would you even want to use an RBDMS? I presume the reason would be that the application processing would still be slightly less (and way more straightforward) than a NoSQL solution? 
How to build the database for subdomain multisite? I'm building a kind of \"multi site application\" based on wildcard subdomain. And every site will of course have the same files but also the same database structure. But it's not necessary for each and other to share tables. They will never use each other's datas.So the best would be if they had their own tables, in their own databases. But then it's more difficult to develop the service since I have to do all the changes to all the databases when I change something.So the best would be if every database could mirror each other in the terms of structure.Is this possible? Or what is the most recommended solution for this situation?
Transactional Replication Reinitialize I'm using SQL Server transactional replication and looking for ideas on reducing the amount of downtime caused by re-initializing subscriptions.I have multiple publishers pushing data to a single subscriber across the WAN.  I recently had to recover the subscriber from backup.  Upon restoring the backup, the subscriber was out of sync with all of the publishers.  The only way I knew to get the subscriber back in sync with all of the publishers was to re-initialize all the subscriptions.Since the publishers and subscriber are separated by a WAN connection, this process was extremely time consuming.  In some cases it takes 24+ hours to generate a snapshot.  Any ideas on how to reduce the downtime caused by this type of scenario?  The only idea I have at this point is to use Always On with the subscriber.  
Transactional Replication Reinitialize I'm using SQL Server transactional replication and looking for ideas on reducing the amount of downtime caused by re-initializing subscriptions.I have multiple publishers pushing data to a single subscriber across the WAN.  I recently had to recover the subscriber from backup.  Upon restoring the backup, the subscriber was out of sync with all of the publishers.  The only way I knew to get the subscriber back in sync with all of the publishers was to re-initialize all the subscriptions.Since the publishers and subscriber are separated by a WAN connection, this process was extremely time consuming.  In some cases it takes 24+ hours to generate a snapshot.  Any ideas on how to reduce the downtime caused by this type of scenario?  The only idea I have at this point is to use Always On with the subscriber.  
mongodb disable write access (while db migration) I want to migrate from one cluster to another. So I'm goint go make a backup with mongodump and mongorestore. Db is not so big, so I would like to disable writes on source db before the start to exclude accidental writes from apps.What would be the best way to do this?
Using transactional replication to roll back from SQL server 2014 to 2008R2 I know it sounds crazy. However its just a thought given by DBA,s and management to check on.We are going to use LS to do migration of around 10 TB Db from 2008R2 to SQl 2014. This DB is 24*7 in used and an OLTP in nature. In case we need a revert due to XYZ issues, we are thinking to use tran replication from 2014 to 2008R2 , the old server so as to make sure we don't loose any activity since migration. Also on 2014 db will be configured for mirroring .I am not sure how much above is helpful. Please provide your thoughts if this can be achieved or for any better way of doing this.
A database differential backup without a full backup At 10 pm, I scheduled a SQL Agent job to do a daily backups with the schedule:Daily Full: 22:00Differential: Every 4 hoursLog: Every 30 minutesNow when I check my backup set(let's say at 22:30), I see that a differential backup has happened without any full backup!!. I was not expecting to see the backup job up and running before 16:00 tomorrow when the first full backup will take place, however, I have a differential backup without a full backup? How is that possible? 
Oracle SQL: How to give user the permissions to SELECT from a table? I'm not very familiar with Oracle SQL at all, but using our admin account I ran the following query on our Oracle database server: GRANT SELECT ON Table1 TO OtherUser. I then committed this change (not sure if you need to even commit this?)I'm using Oracle SQL Developer to connect to our Oracle database and after I ran the above GRANT statement from our admin account, I would've thought I would see Table1 listed under the Table objects node when I connect as OtherUser, but I do not see it and cannot select from it when I try.Is there any other permissions I need to grant, or anything else I need to do that I missed?Edit: When I query DBA_TAB_PRIVS I do see Table1 listed with the SELECT privilege for grantee OtherUser, even though from OtherUser's perspective I can't see Table1 under the Tables node in Oracle SQL Developer.
Deleting old data in MySQL becomes slower over time I have an application running on Amazon MySQL/RDS that needs to maintain 2 weeks of transactional history after which time data can (usually) be purged. Because this isn't a hard rule I cannot use partitioning by day or week as a means to delete old data most efficiently.There are several tables that need purging, many of them have multiple indexes and foreign key constraints (parent/child).I'm deleting data in chunks (1000-3000 rows at a time) and committing after each chunk. After a set number of chunks have been deleted the purge code pauses for a set amount of time.My issue is that the process is very efficient for 10-15 minutes, after which I begin to see large delays in deleting data chunks. I believe my SQL is as efficient as it can be. Where in MySQL can I look to better understand the bottleneck? If I stop my code and wait 15-20 minutes the delete performance is restored for another 10 minutes.
Impact of shrinking transaction log file after transaction log backup in SQL Server In SQL Server, is there any performance issue if we shrink log file after taking the transaction log backup.If yes, then please explain the reason.
Symantec Backup Exec runing DBCC CheckDB and Backup on my SQL server What is Symantec Backup Exec (TM)?I noticed that it is running in one the database server i am maintaining.I am a newbie in db administration and i am not sure what it is.It is running DBCC CheckDB on different databases and running Backup on different databases.Can anybody give some info on this?Is this something windows server team does to protect data?I did some research and all i can see is information that says it is some kind of data protection program.
Does Azure SQL Data Sync support MySQL or SQLExpress? I did see that it supports SQL Server (2005 and later) but does it support syncing between a SQLExpress server or MySQL server and an Azure Server?I'm trying to use it with a SQLExpress server but it isn't connecting. Is this because it's not supported?The error I'm getting when trying to connect with SQL Data Sync 2.0 on my server computer is: Unable to connect to the Database. Please check if service account has connectivity, credentials, and permissions to connect.I've opened up port 1433 in the firewall and can connect to the server via SSMS. However, the SQL Data Sync 2.0 application won't connect.I'll be trying this with a MySQL server later as well so I just wanted to know if it's supported or not as well.
Indexes: Normal tables vs memory optimized If two tables have the same schema but one is \"normal\" and the other is memory optimized, if I research on how indexes should be for the \"normal\can I do a direct extrapolation for the memory optimized table?Couldn't find anything conclusive so I really appreciate links, topics and so on.
Mongodump Backup Resume My database size is approx 1.5 TB and I have approx 2TB free on backup mount point. But after 10 hours my backup fail due to lack of storage and its just 60% complete. Is their any why through which i can resume my backup from the failure point??mongodump -u admin -p admin -d tex --host xx.xx.xx.xx --authenticationDatabase adminDo you have any other option then please also share with me.
Combine relational DB and Elastic search We have a large quanitity of text files we want to free-text/full text search, combined with relational structured metadata about the text file.So, a search could be \"Give me all files that belong to group X(or sub groups of X), have author (Ari and Bari and Mari), belongs to organization Y, and contains the text \"synthetic\". The latter part being a full-text search, and the other being already stored as relational data in our existing db.In our database(which is rather complex), there are stored a way to ID the files, and a ton of various metadata about the file, spread among tens of tables, ranging from simple 1-1 relationships, to 1-many sets pr file, and even tree-structure relationship(things like \"this file is type X, type X is a subgroup of type Y, etc).And this metadata may change over time, all over the application(which is huge).Now, I as a database admin, thought this could be solved by using SQL Server to do the search for structured metadata already in the DB, constraining the search to candidate-files, and then passing the candidate file id's to elastic search for full-text searching. (Re-indexing the file on elastic when a file is added or commited is trivial in our code)However, the elastic-guys in our project naturally had a different idea:To extract all the meta-data as well as the full-text content from the files, to elastic-search, and run the search exclusively in elastic.This allows them to run full powered lucene queries easily, and load is taken off the database, which is nice. However, this also to me, introduces a nightmare to keep the structured metadata in sync, and blindly re-indexing/syncing everything periodically is not possible due to the scale of data.I can see merits/concerns to both options. Is there a best practice for this kind of thing?
SQL Server 2008R2 database migration to cloud: case-insensitive collation changed to case-sensitive Recently felt the fall out (crappy legacy code base) of a database migration by a third party vendor where the collation was swapped from case-insensitive to case-sensitive. I am wondering if the collation was deliberately changed during the migration? I would have thought that in any database migration the collation would remain unchanged (i.e. stay the same as the source database collation). Does the server which the database is hosted automatically override the collation maybe?
Write concern in mongodb All,Lets say devoper sets the write concern as Majority in MongoDBAs a DBA can i have the access to change the write concern of whole cluster or only the developers has the rights to do through coding ?In replica sets we can do the change through conf settings but i beleive it wouldn't override the default one
Can indexes really decrease performances in a low volume writes DB? I'm trying to do a bit of a clean up/review of the database I'm currently working on (which I didn't design, by the way). The DB is 'big' in term of objects (hundreds of tables, hundreds of SP, functions, a thousand triggers, looooots of columns, etc.) and it's designed, well...not that nicely. Not nicely at all. So, while I'm going through the long backlog of performances related issues that the customers have uselessly complained for in the last three years, I'd like to do some \"easy fix\" too.Now, I've found an interesting number of things like 40% of the tables having no primary keys, 30% of tables having no indexes, and a lot of other really funny things (could go on for hours), but this question is focused on indexes.I've been working on DBs for a while and I know that indexes can (and do) slow down the system during writes, no big surprise here. And yes, indexes still have to be stored somewhere so they increase the DB size, but...is there anything else aside from that?The DB is ridiculously small, and the number of writes per seconds could probably be counted in writes per minutes without the need to go double digits, so I'm not concerned about those points.I've written a bit of TSQL to find tables without indexes and 'lot' of records (like a table with four million records and not a single index or a primary key /facepalm), plus I've used sys.dm_db_missing_index_* to find what indexes the DBE think are needed.So, bottom line: should I go on and blindly add indexes, or do I risk to kill system performances for some reason I'm not foreseeing?
Cassandra Cluster storage I want to try out Cassandra Cluster. My main question is about scalability.Every node in a Cassandra cluster has the same copy of data. So when I have in total 1 TB and have 5 nodes -> 5TB.This at some point will get huge. How do I scale Cassandra so that the storage can be distributed? Do I need to shard manually then again?
MongoDB Embeded Index we have a collection in below format:{    \"_id\" : {        \"a\" : 8,        \"b\" : ObjectId(\"5b23aa9e24826b82a2553ce7\")    },    \"field1\" : \"value1\   \"field2\" : \"value2\   \"field3\" : \"value3\   \"field4\" : \"value4\",}as per my knowledge, MongoDB creates a default index on _id field. But here in this case I want to know how MongoDB will create index on _id; is it on both _id.a and _id.b field or just on _id.b field? also if I create an additional compound index on (_id.a,field1,field2), will it create an additional overhead? or I need to create and index on only (filed1,filed2) as _id is already indexed field. Please suggest. Thanks!
Forcing a LIMIT to MySQL Queries using ProxySQL, QueryRewrite, or some other method I have a system that end users will need to query but they are not guaranteed to be well versed in query writing.  We wanted to ensure every SELECT statement ends with a LIMIT 100000.  I have thought of some regex to do this and some tools.  It seems the native Query Rewrite is a good option but we needed to use ProxySQL for other things, thus I wanted to see if anyone knows of a way to force this.It seems like the patter or regex would be something like:anything that starts with select needs to have a LIMIT on the final line followed by a space and int equal to or less than 100000 then maybe a semi colon.Has anyone had any luck doing this?
Cannot create SP in Azure SQL Database I am trying to create a stored procedure on my Azure SQL Database, which has joins to other database table in Azure SQL Database.I am getting the following error while creating the Stored Procedure:<blockquote>  Msg 40515, Level 15, State 1, Procedure sp_select, Line 16 [Batch Start  Line 0] Reference to database and/or server name in 'database.dbo.table'  is not supported in this version of SQL Server.</blockquote>I understand we can make cross database queries through Elastic Database Query, but how to create the stored procedure for it?
Single table or multiple tables for custom transfer queue Currently, I'm working on synchronizing data between two SQL Server databases on separate servers but on the same network. We'll call them A(the master database) and B(the one exposed to a web application for clients). Records updated in A must also then be updated in B, whereas new records inserted in B must also then be inserted in A. While the former is never true the other way around, there could be rare cases for the latter to be true from A to B; which is not accounted for at the moment.To solve this, I've been developing a custom queue to transfer the data. I've linked the SQL Servers, then applied triggers to the tables so that they also copy the data to a transfer queue table. Then, I have SQL Server agent run a stored procedure periodically that checks for entries in that table, to which acts accordingly and deletes the transferred data from the queue.My question is would it be better to maintain a single transfer queue table on each SQL Server Database or multiple queue tables for each trigger? While this doesn't really apply to B as the inserted fields to transfer are always the same, the master tables in A that could get new records inserted or updated have a variable amount of fields. I'm leaning more towards a single queue and set it up so that a trigger puts each field value as a separate record with a unique key that identifies that set so that the stored procedure can group them and insert/update them in the other database all at once. Is this the better/more efficient method or should I consider multiple queues? Thanks for any and all help!
SSRS Auto refresh stops working I've got a SSRS report which is used for a wallboard to display basic stats and information to the department via a Raspberry Pi attached to a creenThis has the AutoRefresh Option set to 60s however since patching today where we turned on Snapshot Isolation to remove a lot of blocking that was occuring every morning and mid afternoon when the daily reports ran the auto refresh option seems to be failing.I've tried re-deploying the report and even created a completely new report that just puts up the date&amp; time to keep track of it refreshing, it sometimes works for a few minutes but then just stops refreshingThe tests I ran included a refresh every 10 seconds to see if it was timing out the execution running over 60 secondsOut of the 5 separate executions I have just ran, one ran for 542 seconds before no longer refreshing, one ran for 339 one for 164 and two of them failed to refresh at allPrevious this would run until the wifi connection was lost on the Pi and the page errors while refreshing (NOTE all testing has been done locally on wired connection no network drops)previous tests before that set have been done across different browses in / out incognito mode and all produce the same resultsAny idea why this is happening, and potential fix that doesn't involve us stopping everything on the server again to turn off Snapshot issolation
Filtering a table based on multiple values of a single column I have a list of names in a specific column of a table. Is there a way to build a query which can pull out all the attributes of this names? I am a total novice so any help is appreciatedExample: User tabletable columns:User idattributesuser privileges1st name2nd nameThe filter has to be applied based on a bunch of user first names.
Tracking the last execution date of a query My manager is requesting to know when was the last time a number of reports were last ran to see if they are getting used. He requested info from our vendor and the vendor if coming to me for SA level permission to dig through the relative SQL Server. Obviously, I won't be doing that but I would like to know is there a way to track the last time a specific query has been executed?This database resides on an old SQL Server 2008 R2 install so I am sure my options are limited if not non-existent especially since he wants to look back as far as 18 months. Just figured I would ask in case there might be at least a partial way to go back in history and track this information.
Best idea to deal with historic data ( Partitioning? ) We have a database with almost 1 billion rows. 90% of this table is historical data. We don't use it, BUT if we need to use it, it needs to be right here, right now (we work with banks, so, they need things pretty fast).I'm reading about partitioning in Brent Ozar blogs etc. but I don't know if this is a good idea.I would like to partition this table but I'm concerned about backups. If doing backups of the database, without backing up this partition, am I going to have a corrupt database in case of a restore, right?Am I able to restore only the database, without the partitioned file? I'm thinking about partitioning the table, throw this file created in a different disk, and just do a backup of the database without this file. I really don't think this is a good idea, so I would like to hear about some experiences with this.
Analysis of queries or stored procedures which ran on the database for last 15 days We had a site slowdown between 11.57 am and 12:02 pm on 6th Aug 2018, To trace back the queries which were ran our production database (SQL Server Standard Edition 2012) and which might have caused a slow down , I would require help on how to find the queries which have been running on our database for last 15 days ? If any dmv's or any other queries which can provide me the data above, kindly share.Much Thanks!
How many files are created by default using WiredTiger storage engine? So, I got a question on a test (without answer unfortunately) that left me with a big doubt whether it's true or false.The question is this: \"By default, WiredTiger storage engine creates one file per collection and per index\".I went to check all the documentation, but I couldn't find a really satisfying answer to this question. I would assume by logic that it of course creates one file per collection and one per index, but how to be sure about that? I think those files are managed by the DB system and thus are not visible to the user.I just remember that somewhere there are the files of the database looking like dbname.0 and when it grows after a certain threshold, it creates another file dbname.1 etc. so I would assume the collection is inside that file and not a separate entity, thus making the test statement wrong?
User Quota Default Oracle I am sure I should either know this or have been able to determine this, but I am investigating an issue with user allocated space quotas and am wondering how to determine the default (if there is one).  Our users are running into a problem with a database set up by another individual and apparently none of them were set up with specific quotas.  Is there some default quota that users are set to and if so, how can I determine what that is or change it.  At this point, I am setting them individually, but was not sure why they were never established originally.  
Saving all sql server transactions to txt for a transactional replication to another database I have sql server 2014 running my main database at location A. I want to know if it would be possible to export all insert,update and delete queries to txt files for me to then run on a off site database ? I need to set up something like sql servers transactional replication but with the queries being sent to txt files. Is it possible for sql 2014 to log and export queries to txt files ? is there any softwares i could use ? Due to cost reasons setting up a vpn to the offsite database for transactional replication is unfeasable. 
SQL Server - WITH REPLACE What is the difference when using or not using \"With Replace\" when restoring database. I know that With Replace, I would get identical database as backup file even log file would be replaced/overwritten and current content / transactions would be broken.But, what is actual difference; I read somewhere that some configuration for database like recovery model is stored in Master database; With Replace - it can be overwritten! What else? I cannot find much on what is the use of With Replace? Why it is used a lot, most of the developer restore databases using \"With Replace\".I want to clear my concept of restore database.Thanks
SQL Server - WITH REPLACE What is the difference when using or not using \"With Replace\" when restoring database. I know that With Replace, I would get identical database as backup file even log file would be replaced/overwritten and current content / transactions would be broken.But, what is actual difference; I read somewhere that some configuration for database like recovery model is stored in Master database; With Replace - it can be overwritten! What else? I cannot find much on what is the use of With Replace? Why it is used a lot, most of the developer restore databases using \"With Replace\".I want to clear my concept of restore database.Thanks
Is there any way to find out if any alteration is done to any table? I am using SQL Server and a database has too many tables. I am preparing the list of tables which have been recently modified.Is there any way to find out which tables are modified?I am interested in knowing:  if any datatypes are modified to any columns,  new column is added,  any column is deleted.NoteThe answers below shows tables which has been modified but do not give enough information of what changes has been done to the tables.
Do you know if this are examples of non-identifying or identifying relationships? Im using MySQLWorkbench to model a diagram. But Im with some doubts about identifying and non-identifying relationships. It seems that all relationships of the project are identifying.For example, a conference has one user that created the conference.  So the conference table have a column \"user_id\" to store the id of the user that created the conference. A user can create many conferences so there is a 1 to many relationship between the users and conferences table. But Im not understanding if its a identifying relationship or non identifying relationship. Maybe its an identifying relationship because the conference table, the sabe in the many side, has the column user_id, so because of that is identifying? But so it seems that almost all relationships are identifying.For example, a conference can have many ticket types so there is a 1 to many relationship between the conferences and ticket types table. A ticket type also have a column \"conference_id\" so it should be also identifying?Also a conference can have many registrations so there is a 1 to many between conference and registrations, so there is a column \"conference_id\" in the registrations table. Its also identifying right? Also a registration can have many participants associated, so there is 1 to many between registrations and participants tables, so the participants table has a column \"registration_id\its also identifying right?
InnoDB \"holes\" in large table 200 Million Rows? I have a large MySql InnoDB table with about 200 million rows.  One of the columns has some data in it that I really don't need any more, so I'm thinking about removing that column, or setting all the cells in that column to NULL.  This column contains a text value of about 300 characters, so by removing it I'll save about 300 bytes x 200 million rows = 60GB.But, will this leave a lot of \"holes\" in my data?  Can MySql effectively and efficiently re-use this space without some sort of de-fragmentation?  Or does that just not matter since it's InnoDB and on an SSD drive?  Thanks!Update:  The table has about columns total, but most of them are INT values.  This text field is by far the biggest.  Each row only takes up about 4KB of space total.
Synchronize SQL server databases We have the following scenario:We have several SQL serves instances in distributed geographic areas (distributed buildings) (in a city or maybe globally)All the SQL servers run one snapshot of a databaseThe databases should be synchronized (maybe with peer to peer replication or other alternatives)All computers in a building connected to the SQL server that is located in the buildingConnection between buildings maybe lost (for a day for example) and after servers reconnected data should be synced and all the SQL servers should have same data (and we should taking care of conflicts absolutely)How we can handle this scenario?(I am not a SQL server expert so it would be nice of you to explain it in more details)
Force database to persist on commit? I was wondering whether databases such as SQL Server was writing changes to persistent medium (disk) whenever a operation is completed, but it seems not? Not even when committing a transaction it seem to do this but only commit to RAM. Correct me if I am wrong. The disk-write seem to happen on CHECKPOINT which is server-initiated and perhaps doesn't have to happen straight efter a COMMIT? In any case, my questions are:If an update to the db is not persisted before returning OK to the client, what then will it do if the update fails in the end? How will the client know this? Can a client somehow instruct the db-server to really persist before saying \"all is fine\"?Is there a good reason for not just persisting to disk directly instead of RAM in a modern server with really fast SSD-disk? Only if the performance is really critical? More so than persistence?
Monitor SQL Server stored procedure latency What is the best way to capture SQL Server stored procedure latency in SQL Server 2016?Plan is to create a SSRS report and send it to management. We also enabled query store.Thanks much
how can i write the max value of different consecutive values in the new column by length i have a data frame as \"a\".a:[,1] 1  2  3  0 1 2 0 [,2] 0 0 1 2 3 0 1 [,3] 1 2 3 4 5 0 0 and dim(a)=7*3i want to create a new column including maximum value for each set of consecutive numbers till 0. and calculate for next set till next zero. like this:result:[,1] 3 3  3  0 2 2 0 [,2] 0 0 3 3 3 0 1 [,3] 5 5 5 5 5 0 0unfortunatly i couldn't put the picture of my data frame(a).please help me to write the right function 
Mixing SQL Server 2016 and 2017 in a distributed availability group I have an old Availability Group made up of 2 SQLServer 2016 instances (2 Windows 2016 servers in WSFC)I also have 2 new SQLServer 2017 instances (2 Windows Server 2016) that I originally wanted to join to the 2016 AG. This is a 0 downtime migration scenario and the 2016 servers should be dismissed once the DBs were aligned on the 2017 ones.To my great disappointment, I discovered that it is not possible to join the 2017 instances to an existing 2016 AG, but I cannot afford the burden of stopping production, taking and restoring a backup, waiting for DBs synchronization, changing the name (and possibly the ip) of the new AG to match the original oneunless as the very last resource...Then I came across the new 2016 service called \"Distributed AG Group\" and I started thinking about using it for my migration scenario ... basically like this:Create a new AG with the SQL 2017 instancesCreate a Distributed AG between the original 2016 AG and the new 2017 AG (applications continue to connect to the 2016's listener)Wait for the DBs synchronization to take place in the 2017 AGMake the 2017 AG as the primaryRemove the 2016 AG from the Distributed AG (short applications downtime)Change the name and the ip of the 2017's listener (applications are up again)Remove the distributed AGIt is feasible? Can I mix 2016 and 2017 AGs in a Distributed AG?Or there is (obviously!) something that I'm missing and there's a simpler or more proper way to make it?
Declare table as not replicable How can I make sure that a certain table is not selected as an article in a publication? So that this table is never replicated (even by error).The replication for the database is setup by different people and one particular table should never be included in the replication. Can we make that table non selectable in the publication wizard (the step where the articles are added to the publication) or is there any way we can use the database schema to define that this table is not available as article in a publication?Type of replication used: merge replicationThanks!
Backup data base in oracle 12C We have 12c database. we had create a pdb. Now i want to take a backup throughRMAN. Could you please share the steps to configure this backup.I know to configure backup in 11g..For 12c Please share the steps.thank you,
slave server is down,master server query halts (postgresql)? I have my master and slave server in sync.I have stopped the slave server and tried to perform insert query in master server. The execution is in progress and doesn't give any error message. There is no proper information in logs.I understand that in synchronous replication master waits for slave to reply but:Is there anyway to avoid master server being halted?I have stopped my master server and checked the logs that data is locally committed, is this the behaviour of synchronous replication? commit should not work until all data is committed to master and standby?
MongoDB - Split brain with 3 DC I have mongoDB in 3 DC's.DC1 - 3 Nodes  with priority 300DC2 - 3 Nodes  with priority 200DC3 - 3 Nodes  with priority 100Questions :-Say, N/W is broken b/w DC1 &amp; DC2. But, still DC1 is able to communicate with DC3 and DC2 is also able to communicate with DC3. But DC1 will not be able to DC2.          Will it create 2 Primaries here, like 1 PRIMARY from DC1 and 1 PRIMARY from DC2?What if there is no Priorities? Only DC3 will become PRIMARY?Thanks
Is there an open source PostgreSQL IDE that allows for model generation? I have done quite a lot of SQL Server work where I could use SSMS. Now I'm working with Postgres and I miss the ability to generate models (diagrams) from existing relations (taking into account relationships).I really like pgAdmin, but it looks like the designer is separate (pgDesigner) and old. I really like Navicat's designer, but it's quite expensive. What are the best options for postgres ER models that are open source/free?
Question on Oracle Public DB link inside Procedures Scenario : A procedure 'XYZ' is created with DB account 'SCOTT'. The procedure uses a public DB link to connect to another database.We have another user 'EVE' who has access to execute procedures owned by 'SCOTT'. If procedure XYZ is executed by EVE , how does the public DB link inside the procedure work? Does it use the credentials of SCOTT to connect to Target DB ( the owner) or does it use the credentials of EVE ( the executor)?
Azure SQL Server External Data Sources Let me preface this what what I'd like to accomplish and see if this is inline with the expectation of using Azure SQL DB.Currently I use a couple Virtual Machines in Azure that use a linked server to execute some stored procedures to hit a database outside of Azure (the external database is in AWS)I'd like to move to use the Azure SQL Server to query an external database but I'm not seeing documentation around setting up an external data source that's just a SQL DB - only elastic within your own Azure network. Is this outside the scope of the product?
Running remote stored procedure with DDL locally Sorry if my question is redundant, I searched Stack Exchange and the internet for hours but do not have a definitive answer to my question.Database: SQL Server 2017 + AzureThe goal is to build a BI infrastructureI have multiple (20+) database servers (clients) which all have one common database in the cloud (Azure). All these clients should be exactly the same when these are on the same DB version. To make life easier when doing an update (almost weekly, tuning), I want my 20+ databases to update automatically.I thought of the following solution:I create a table in the Azure DB which has the most recent client DB version (e.g. v1.2) checkIf I have an update script, I will put this as a stored procedure on the Azure DB. checkI schedule a task on the client which checks the most recent client DB version once a day and compares whether an update is needed. checkIf yes -> run the \"update\": this is the stored procedure on the Azure DB which have to run on the client DB. oh noHere I get into trouble, running the stored procedure which resides on the Azure DB obviously runs the stored procedure on the Azure DB. I don't know how I can run the stored procedure of the Azure DB on the client DB.Motivation: I thought it would be clever to do it this way so I only have to change the content of the stored procedure and all clients would update itself when getting a connection with the Azure DB. Also, is this the correct way of tackling this problem? Any help is much appreciated!If you need more information, please let me know. 
How to find MySQL users causing high load? I have a MySQL server with multiple websites running on it. These sites are mostly the same software, but since recently MySQL is under very high CPU load.I'm pretty sure there is 1 MySQL user that is causing the higher load, but how can I identify the resources used per user?I know I can limit the number of connections and number of queries per user, but before enforcing limits, I want to know what the current numbers are.How can this be measured (in MySQL 5.7)?
How to restore one table from full backup in Sybase ASE I need to retrieve 2 data records that were in a single table from yesterday's backup. How can I restore a single table from a full backup in Sybase? Or is it possible to retrieve the required records from the dump file itself? Can I somehow load the dump file without recovering to the production database? I don't have enough disk space to recover the database to a temporary database on the same disks/server.
Always ON - What is the difference between the virtual cluster name and Listener In clustering you specify DNS name/IP address of cluster that is then used by all applications. In case of failover, the same DNS name/IP address will point to the appropriate database server.In Always on Availability Groups, there is concept of Listener which to my understanding does the same as above, so do we really need a Listener when the Failover clustering already handles this concept (IP address) of failover?
MongoDB aggregation $unwind and 1NF I have a basic rhetorical/theoretical question for people experienced using both MongoDB and RDBMS. Surprised SO has no Data Munging or Data Engineering forum.In making an aggregation pipeline in Mongo, we use $unwind to explode nested array values so each has its own document so that we may group or do other aggregation. To me this smells just like getting the data to First Normal Form. The documents tend to look just like records in 1NF at this stage. It seems like that is the goal. I have searched and searched and not found that phrase uttered in any Mongo topics, certainly it was not said in courses I took in MongoDB University. And this would apply to other non-relational data systems as well.Is 1NF essentially the same thing as the data form necessary for an aggregation step? Is there any data manipulation term for it?
Copy SQL Server replication configuration from production to test environment Where I'm currently working we have an SQL Server's instance for a billing database and another instance for customer database. Both databases keep some tables synchronized using replication mechanism. I'm trying to set up some automated way to get fresh backups from production into QA/DEV environments, but in order for our platform to be kind of a mirror of production environment we need this replication thing between customer and billing databases to work. I know very few about these kind of things, I'm only a developer by unfortunately no one else is willing to do it.My question is, Is it possible to copy the replication setup in production to QA without having to go along all the process of setting up replication step by step in QA/DEV environments? Maybe generating some scripts of this setup from production and with some small changes enable it in QA/DEV environments?Additional notes:We use an instance for QA/Dev customer databases.Another instance for QA/DEV billing databases.Both instances run in the same server.SQL Server version:<blockquote>  Microsoft SQL Server 2016 (RTM-GDR) (KB3210111) - 13.0.1728.2 (X64)       Dec 13 2016 04:40:28       Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation      Enterprise Edition (64-bit) on Windows Server 2012 R2 Standard 6.3  (Build 9600: ) (Hypervisor)</blockquote>This is probably a dumb question, but I'd appreciate any help about it.Thanks.
What is technical meaning of point in time recovery? Please can I have a technical meaning of point in time recovery? Does it mean that given a backup file, we must be able to recover upto any point in time during the span of the time covered by the backup?If so, then is it right to say only a transaction log backup will allow for this? Or is only full or differential backup sufficient? How about recovery models - is full recovery model a must? Or can it be bulk recovery model also?
Why doesn't simple recovery model support log backup or tail log backup? Lets say there is a crash then we can use the full backup and a tail log backup - because if there was checkpoint then data would already be written to the database data file and flushed from the transaction log. Where as if there was no checkpoint yet then logs will still be there in the transaction log file. So is recovery possible in this recovery model?
Data Warehouse Kimball Customer and Customer Address Dimensions I have a Customer Table and Multiple Customer Addresses. A customer can have multiple addresses: home, work, vacation,etc.In Kimball data warehouse, would I utilize a bridge table to go between Customer and Customer Address information?(a) So [DimCustomer] to [DimCustomerAddressBridge] to [DimAddress] Table?Would this be the proper technique? (b) Or would I just have a Fact Table, like CustomerTransactionPayment Table, that connects the two Dimensions [DimCustomer] and [DimAddress]?So one strategy is the connected Dims using bridge, and another is disconnected Dims connected by a Fact transaction table?
Quorom Configuration for 3 Node Windows cluster We have 2 node onsite and the 3rd node on DR  and there is no disk witness. Due to maintenance I set the DR site to be primary and the other 2 nodes to be manual in asynchronous mode  and after both the 2 node went down together and the whole cluster went down due to quorum could not achieve disk majority. The Dynamic quorum failed I believe since both the on site 2 nodes went simultaneously. Since this is a 3 node cluster so the node majority quorum will be used, my question is: if I face similar scenario when the on site 2 node will go down together in that case how can I keep the cluster operational on one node / DR site..
SSIS ETL or CDC - real time DWH reporting I am currently working on SSIS package for continuous incremental data loads of the tables (40 tables now and expected to increase in near future)  from OLTP system to a Reporting database residing on a different server. The request is for real time data sync between the two sources. Should I continue and test it with just regular SSIS -> Staging -> merge route OR should I look into implementing CDC. Will that be faster than plain old ETL considering the number of tables involved?
SQL Server 2012 R2 Transaction Log needed to create database mirror? There's a somewhat lengthy discussion of Transaction Logs in Microsoft's instructions for setting up a database mirror.  We've never bothered with Transaction Logs in the past; do we really need to now?Isn't the Transaction Log effectively an incremental backup that follows a full backup?Unless the database drive fails while building the mirror, won't the mirror get from the primary all of the events that occurred while the backup file was being copied and restored to the mirror server?It seems to me that the full backup alone might be slower, but it would be simpler.Additional information When building a mirror, Microsoft's documentation instructs us to restore the last full backup (plus the last differential, if there is one) and all subsequent Transaction Logs.Unless one puts the database in single-user mode while building the mirror, there will be at least a small activity gap between the last data restored and the time the mirror goes live.Will the mirror fill in that gap (as it does when it temporarily goes off-line)?There's a caveat in the instructions if the database path is different on the mirror server: we cannot \"add\" TLs.  The activity gap could be quite big if one had to skip several TLs.That's what I meant above: wouldn't it be simpler to ignore the Transaction Logs when building the mirror, and just let the mirror fill in the gap?
azure sql - create index, does DB have to be offline? New to Azure SQL. Simple example to ask question.<br>Table Cars. Want to add an non clustered index to Cars table. Takes a long time, say 30 min during staging test deploy. When upgrading production Azure SQL, can we leave the database online while building a table index? During this time while the table is building, can applications send inserts/updates to this table? Or do we need to take the production DB offline for 30 to build this index? 
How to restore/create linked server logins from one server to another Here is the situation I am in. I have backup files for databases that I am using to restore them on a test server(B). The issue that I am having is that linked server logins appear to be on the master server level and I am unable to use those through a database's backup file.I create these backup files from another server(A) and store them in a remote location. Is there a way to create a file or something with all the linked server logins from server A and use that file to restore them somehow when I use backup files to create Databases on Server B?
Co working Space DB architecture I am trying to build a platform to share the empty desks in an office with someone outside the premises to utilize the space and generate some revenue. I am thinking of three major roles: Member who will book a desk/seat(resources) for any period of time be it hours/days/weeks/months.Member who will list empty spaces in his/her office.Admin who will verify the listed spaces. Only verified spaces can be booked and other Admin related tasks such as managing users/resources etc.I am trying to build this on MongoDB and want to focus on scalability.
How do I upload an .mdf file to Azure Data Studio for Mac? How could I access multiple databases at once using Azure Data Studio and import an existing .mdf file as one of those database, with tables and data that had been stored in that .mdf file?
How to structure table in MySQL for group chat application? I'm making a messaging application, and I need a way to organize and store messages. I was thinking something like a table that had all the group chat IDs and who was in which group chat, but MySQL doesn't have a list functionality. For the actual messages, I was thinking one large table with the group chat IDs and the message ID. To be honest, I really don't have a good way to approach this. I was even considering making a table for every group chat. How should I structure a database for a group messaging application?
Master slave replication with different mysql version is on both slave and master Currently, we have MySQL master-slave replication. Both master and slave servers have Mysql 5.5 Currently I need to add one more Master server having version 5.7.Is it possible to add Multiple masters to a single slave server?<blockquote>  One master and slave is having Mysql 5.5 and new Mysql server is 5.7</blockquote>Is it possible to configure Master-slave replication with different MySQL version?
Azure SQL Synonyms with On-Premise I have an on premise database that I can't move to the cloud due to it not being our software, though I have a website that ties into it using synonyms and views. Is there any way to allow the Azure DB to use synonyms or whats the best way to communicate.The website only does a few small writes, but mainly reads from those synonyms.
How to remove temp tables from SQL Server? I want to remove temp tables that I was using in my script in SQL Server 2008. I can't find a way to remove it without writing a few lines of code. I have not been able to find code that works properly. Is there any way to do this without writing code at all? If not, what should be my approach? Will copying my code in a new script and then creating same name temp tables help? Any help/advice/suggestion much appreciated.
any way to delete part of database data file? I would think that not but maybe I'm wrong.I have large SQL Server 2012 database which I care only about records from last month. I know it's possible to split data file, but then can I throw away safely one part? or they're both necessary for database to function properly? I would think they are...
database design for accounting systems How the records are updated in an accounting system i.e., what is the standard practice?do you keep all the records and do the calculations on the fly or you add and subtract in each time from a final amount say \"$current_balance\". The first approach of doing the calculations on the fly i.e, summing up all the deposits and subtracting all the expenses is a sure way to get the result but I can see a definite scalability problem as the number of rows grow.On the other hand accumulating in a variable say \"$current_balance\" and just updating it has its shortcomings as well. So what is the recommended  practice to approach this problem?
Network line switch-over in Oracle Data Guard We have a Primary database with a remote Standby which established using Oracle Data Guard. They can be syncing over a private Wireless Network and a Wired LAN (There are two options as network medium)Is there any setting in Data Guard to handle network line failure? For example, I want to set wired LAN as main line and when it is not available data guard automatically switch to wireless network.
How to track changes between nightly MySQL database dumps I work with three MySQL databases (a, b &amp; c) on a single server, that are nightly dumps of production databases. I have a fourth database (d) on that same server, that I have been given for creating new tables that connect and synthesize data from databases a, b &amp; c.I need to begin creating reports that reflect changes in databases a, b &amp; c from one nightly dump to the next.What would be the best way to capture the records from databases a, b &amp; c, into database d, that:example 1: records all of the unique records in tonight's dump that were not found in the last night's dump. (e.g. new account numbers in a table)example 2: records all of the changes in value for records in tonight's dump that were different in last night's dump. (e.g. an account_status value that changes from 1 to 0).I am new to data work and am hoping to find resources and direction on what the best practices are for such things?Many thanks!
Cluster Configuration I\u2019m looking at some of the SQL servers in a (new to me) SQL estate. The servers are configured for AOAGs; there are two nodes, both are part of the WSFC. However, if I look at the SQL Server advanced properties the 'Clustered' attribute = 'No'. Would we expect them to be in a SQL cluster sat on a WSFC? In which case I would expect the 'Clustered' attribute = 'Yes'.
How to promote hidden mongo node to primary? We are trying to implement DR setup for our mongodb replica set and currently three nodes in DR are configured to run as hidden nodes. We are trying to test failover to DR which will require promoting hidden node to primary and secondary respectively. What is the best way to achieve this?
Quorum question for SQL Cluster (Always On) We are looking at setting up an SQL Always On High Availability environment at our organisation.Our organisation has two datacenters of with one much smaller one but this one's being created to create some high availability.At our primary site we are looking at installing three servers and one at the secondary site. These server will then be added to a cluster (and we'll add the DB's in some Availability Groups accross these servers)But here comes the problem. When the primary site is down due to a power outage for example, the whole cluster will be down because the one server doesn't have a majority even with a default quorum. We did also look at adding a quorum to cloud-storage (disk-only quorum setup) but when the internet connection is down (happens sometimes here in Belgium) we also loose the entire cluster.Does anyone have any experience or a solution for this?Thanks in advance!
Synchronize two MySQL databases between two servers Is there any way to connect a database on two servers inside a trigger?I have 2 databases on 2 servers.  The first server is the primary, and the second server is the secondary.  I want to sync both databases with each other. I've tried using a trigger but it looks like that can only update data in the same server, however I want to sync the data from server one to server two.Is there any way to do that?MySQL version :- 5.0.12 (10.1.36-MariaDB)Purpose of replication: read-write and read data spritely (for performance)
SQL Server - register Service Principle Name without service restart? I have a live SQL Server 2012 environment that had no SPN registered - this has previously not been an issue as Kerberos authentication wasn't required.  But now it is required.I have configured everything correctly, but after these changes I want to ensure that SQL Server can register the SPN's successfully- preferably without a service restart as this is a live environment.Is there a way of doing this?P.S. I know I can register the SPN's manually, but I want to make certain that they can be registered automatically.
how to set up sql server alerts based on a schedule basis? We would like to stop getting sql server alerts from dev servers during the weekend. We have alerts for severity 016 to 025.
DB design to avoid versioning inconsistencies between the application layer and the database layer Usually there is a 1-1 mapping between an object in the application layer and a table in the database layer.<br>This coupling leads to complexities whenever there is a database schema change and the application version may not be compatible with the current database version that it is talking to.<br>I was reading that there is an approach of database design that is driven by metadata. Something like the fields available for an object is found from a table and then a query is done. So some form of direction in order to avoid versioning problems.<br>Is this approach used in general and how exactly is it implemented? Also are there are other approaches to deal with this issue?
Will the foreign key constraint throw an error while restoring a database? I have never faced any issue like this, but I am just curious. Let's say I have a database dump file with me and I want to import the dump file to another database.There are 2 tables table_A and table_B. table_B contains a primary key and table_A contains the foreign key. And serially, table_A is first and then table_B.So, when I update the database table_A will be created with a foreign key and next table_B will be created that contains the primary key.So, will there be any error in this case? 
Maximum concurrent connections to SQL Server Express 2017 installed on Windows Server 2016 Essentials If I install SQL Server Express 2017 on Windows Server 2016 Essentials, what is the maximum number of users that will be able to connect concurrently across the network to the SQL Server Express instance?Is is unlimited or does the operating system's limits of 25 users / 50 devices then kick-in?Also, how does the o/s count concurrent users? e.g. if we have 2 users on different computers connecting to the SQL Server service using the same SQL Server credentials, will the o/s count them as 1 user on 2 devices (hence we can, in theory, get 50 users connecting to the database), or will they be counted as 2 users on 2 devices?Note that I am not a DB administrator nor a network specialist, just a developer trying to install my first server and trying to understand whether the o/s connection limitations per user only apply to built-in operating system services (like NTFS file sharing) or whether they also affect connections to 3rd party application services like SQL Server Express.e.g. if I install SQL Server Express on a Windows 2016 server that has 5 user CAL only, will the limit on concurrent connections be the 32K (approximately) set by SQL Server Express or will it be the 5 connections limit set by Windows Server?Thanks.
What is the difference between Federated and Decentralized Data Warehouse? I can not find any clear definitions or explanations of any of these. Both seem decentralized. It appears that in Federated DWH, the data is distributed and not integrated into a single repository and accessed from distributed sources. While in Decentralized DWH implementation the data is integrated into one central repository. Please explain the difference between these two implementations.
Design star schema for relatonal database I'm a newbie to data warehousing and I've been reading articles and watching videos on the principles but I'm a bit confused as to how I would take the design below and convert it into a star schema.in this example i assume that the fact table is (order-orderitem-book)And the measures is (category-customer-time)My question is about book author how can we put is as measure? Is it allowed to put many to many relationship in star schema ?? And if i am wrong how to draw star schema to this relatonal db?
Design star schema for relatonal database I'm a newbie to data warehousing and I've been reading articles and watching videos on the principles but I'm a bit confused as to how I would take the design below and convert it into a star schema.in this example i assume that the fact table is (order-orderitem-book)And the measures is (category-customer-time)My question is about book author how can we put is as measure? Is it allowed to put many to many relationship in star schema ?? And if i am wrong how to draw star schema to this relatonal db?
MySQL vs. MariaDB Binary Logging Difference I've been doing some testing with both MySQL and MariaDB and I've noticed a big difference with regards to the growth of binary logs - I can't find out much about this online.I have a test database, and I have written a script which simulates transactional activity (selects, updates, inserts, deletes etc) with the aim of doing some simple load testing and later, for testing point in time recovery procedures.What I've noticed is that on MySQL running my automated script for half an hour causes about 400MB of binary logs. When I do the same thing on MariaDB, I only get around 2MB of binary logs.All settings are the same, ie.Max Binlog Size: 100MBBuffer Pool: 2GB maxMySQL is running v 5.7 and Mariadb is running 10.3 - both are running in Docker on my local laptop.I've also noticed that MariaDB is a little bit slicker performance wise, I get more query throughput in half an hour than I do with MySQL.Obviously the big difference here is with binary log size. The smaller size of MariaDB means I can roll forward on the binary log much quicker for point in time recovery than I can on MySQL.Is there any documented evidence out there to support this behaviour? Is MariaDB more efficient than MySQL when looking at binary logs and recovery?Are there some hidden/non-obvious variables I should be checking that may be having a big impact on this testing?Any help understanding this would be great.
How to Use OPENROWSET function within a Transactional SSIS Package I have an SSIS Package and one of its components is \"Execute SQL TasK\"and I've written an OPNEROWSET query inside this task.  When I configure the transaction option of the whole package from \"Supported\" to \"Required\" I receive this error:<blockquote>  The requested operation could not be performed because OLE DB provider \"Microsoft.ACE.OLEDB.12.0\" for linked server \"(null)\" does not support the required transaction interface.</blockquote>When you want to configure the Transaction in SSIS you have to run the service\"Distributed Transaction coordinator\" and it seems that this service is in conflict with openrowset. What should I do?  Has anybody come across this issue?
Syncing complete database with server I am developing Point of sales software, which have multiple branches and one main branch. Main branch is web based while all other branches (9 now, which may exceed) are desktop based.Client required that all branches must sync main branch whenever internet connectivity is available. So my question is that which sync functionality should i use?I have not much idea about syncing as never work before on syncing.Some of basic requirements are as follow:Main branch can purchase or sell any item for any branch and stock + accounts will be hit.Other branches can purchase and sale for them not for other branches but they can see other branches stock, their customers and accounts. Remote branch can move stock to any branch.These are some basic requirements which may change according to clients wish.So kindly guide me how can i sync complete data bases. Should i use my own logic or some builtin functions.Thanks 
How to verify SSL always being used on Postgresql 9.6 I have a sensitive application with app server and db on separate machines, and in the case of the slave db, in separate data-centers.Although I believe my postgresqls are configured to always use ssl I need a way to double-check this.Is there some simple way to check that all client connections are indeed being forced to use ssl?
sp_blitzfirst results to table on a linked server I have been all over looking for the solution to logging sp_blitzfirst results to table on a linked server. I see github posts where a contributor was adding this to sp_blitz, but that's been closed for a while. I see vague rumblings that this might already be in sp_blitzfirst, but am ready to be punished for my inability to find the solution on my own.Can someone point me to a definitive answer?
Looking for a query that eliminates near-repeats I have a database with four rows: county_a, county_b, flow_a_to_b, and flow_b_to_a. Essentially, the data is repeating in other rows, but the values are switched around. Here's an example:Entry 1: Baltimore County, Baltimore City, 10, 1Entry 2: Baltimore City, Baltimore County, 1, 10These entries are technically different but they give me the same information. What kind of query could I write to eliminate the second value while keeping the first?
is vertical scaling good idea for a mysql database server? I operate a mariadb/mysql database server and i do not want to get into the problems with managing a multi-cluster database serveri have access to huge CPU and RAM and STORAGE when neededso my question to the experienced and expert db admins is that is vertical scaling good enough? yes downtime is ok as long as data is protected I rather deal with downtime of some system failure or issue that will only happen very rarely...it is better than the headache with managing a multi-cluster database to meso what are the bottlenecks i will run into running a database up to 512GB memory and like 128vCPU? and like 2TB of SSD storage?how is this worse than lets say running like a 8 cluster of mariadb/mysql database with each 64GB memory, 16vCPU and 256GB SSD storage?yes i know about iops but i mean with lots of redis caching i think one can reduce stress on that part as wellpretty much there is more and more powerful CPU and servers that one can pack lots of stuffs in a single machine..not like years ago where that was not possible or at least easy..now one can pack several Terabytes, TBs(not a typo) of memory in a single machineplease send your advice and tipsthanks!!!
mysql 5.5 repartition With MySQL 5.5, I want to change the partitioning scheme of a very large InnoDB table from \"hash\" to \"range\". Can I do it while the table is accepting DML? If not, what is the best-practice work-around?Thanks!
Query to get list of busiest schemas in Oracle 12c database I have an Oracle 12c database with many schemas, each schema belongs to a specific application. I want to produce a query that shows me which schemas are the busiest in terms of read/write activity / IO etc. I know that I can use the DBA_TAB_MODIFICATIONS table to get modifications since the last stats update, per table.I've been told that the DBA_HIST objects will be able to give me more information but there's a lot of data there and I don't really know how to get the best out of it for this purpose.Any help would be appreciated.
Error on CDC enabled Table I am trying to create an SP on a CDC enabled database. SP contain an update statement for CDC enabled table using UPDATETEXT command but CREATE PROCEDURE statement has generated an ERROR Message.<blockquote>  \"UPDATETEXT is not allowed because the column is being processed by a concurrent snapshot or is being       replicated to a non-SQL Server Subscriber or Published in a publication allowing Data Transformation Services (DTS) or       tracked by Change Data Capture.\"</blockquote>I have followed the instructions on a post that disable CDC for the table for which sp has command UPDATETEXT and then create SP and after sp creation re- enable CDC for that tableQuestion: Whats the reason behind this Error ?  Will UPDATETEXT command effect logging in future? because we are thinking to use CDC for auditing change. 
Why am I seeing these mongodb 3.6.5 server log messages in huge amounts? Could someone please shed some light on these mongodb 3.6.5 server log messages on the primary node of a 3-member replicaset? rs.status() says all the nodes are up and running but seeing a ton of (I)nformational logs.<blockquote>  2019-01-16T00:07:24.819+0000 I ACCESS   [conn95] Unauthorized: not  authorized on admin to execute command { replSetGetStatus: \"1\$db:  \"admin\$clusterTime...</blockquote>
How can I add another .ibd file to my existing table when the memory space is full? I am working on an enterprise solution on MariaDB. The biggest challenge we are facing is to find a solution if our tablespace is full (.ibd file) and how can we add another .ibd file which will work like a joint memory space. Considering we are using file_per_tablespace and MariaDB does not allow any DDM/DDL queries relating to tablespaces and datafiles.
SQL Server 2014 Failover cluster - Nodes on different patch levels As part of trouble shooting a performance issue with a SQL Server cluster I found out that the nodes haven't been patched properly to the same level. It is a 2 node active / passive cluster. SQL Server performance was  much better on node with higher patch level. The nodes have been patched to the same level now.Just trying to understand how SQL Server and the would have  behaved in this sort of a scenario?Would this patch level miss match have caused other issue with the cluster? 
Audit Trail in NoSQL vs. Relational DB, audit trail feature in MongoDB Two questions regarding selection a DB type and engine for the scenario when the Audit Trail functionality is a must:Is there any preference in DB type (NoSQL/Relational) choice when the Audit Trail is critical?Is it a common practice to use a MongoDB in a scenario when the Audit Trail is an obligatory feature?As far as I know, MySQL and SQL Server offer such functionality, but I don't find such option in MongoDB features list.
Sync two postgres databases from two sperate locations with no network I have 2 postgres databases running the same schemes on two different computers, that are not guaranteed to have any network connection while having to handle read/write requests. Because they operate on two different locations, I'm trying to find a solution to merge them once in a while to keep data updated in both (I can connect them every couple of week, or pass files with a flash drive).  My main concern is that this databases have unique values in some of the tables (Auto Increment Primary Keys), and I'm not sure how to handle this - what if both dbs create the same key, for different data? Are there any tools that can merge automatically and output changes that were done?(If it matters, using postgres 10, ubuntu env.)Thanks
DBCC CHECKDB - SQL Log Says Completed, SQL Server Agent Says Failed I run a nightly Integrity Check (set up via Maintenance Plans) on all of my databases. For the last two nights, the final CHECKDBCC has failed... at least according to the SQL Server Agent Job. <blockquote>  Progress: 2019-01-25 03:51:01.15     Source: Check Database Integrity      Executing query \"USE [CellTestData_QC]  \".: 50% complete  End Progress<br>  Error: 2019-01-25 05:14:43.79     Code: 0xC002F210     Source: Check Database Integrity Execute SQL Task     Description: Executing the query \"DBCC CHECKDB(N'CellTestData_QC')  WITH NO_INFOMSGS...\" failed with the following error: \"A severe error occurred on the current command.  The results if any should be disca...  The package execution fa...  The step failed.</blockquote>But if I check the SQL Server Logs, I get two conflicting messages.First I get:<blockquote>  01/25/2019 05:00:39,spid105,Unknown,DBCC CHECKDB (CellTestData_QC) WITH no_infomsgs executed by sa terminated abnormally due to error state 6. Elapsed time: 1 hours 9 minutes 38 seconds.</blockquote>But then I get: <blockquote>  01/25/2019 05:32:06,spid110,Unknown,CHECKDB for database 'CellTestData_QC' finished without errors on 2019-01-24 23:01:46.507 (local time). This is an informational message only; no user action is required.</blockquote>So what exactly is going on here? Is my process completing? Or erroring out?For a bit more context...We restore [CellTestData_QC] every morning at 5AM (likely why I'm getting the SQL Server Log message of 'terminated abnormally at 5AM). Additionally, my backups of [CellTestData] and integrity checks of [CellTestData] and [CellTestData_QC] have been taking longer over the last few days - possibly because of issues with our SAN, which is why we're getting the IntegrityCheck of [CellTestData_QC] beginning to run into the restore of [CellTestData_QC]Integrity checks run every night at 11PMDB backups (full and partial) run nightlyTransaction Log backups run every 15minCurrently working with 8 databases, that range in size from 4MB to 100GB, with a total of 330GB of databasesI'm running SQL Server Standard 2012 on a 64-bit Windows Server VM (using vSphere) with 64GB RAM, 1TB SAN storage, 175GB NAS storage, 4CPU, 4.9GHzAny ideas what might be going on here?
SQL TO SSIS derived column month name and 1ST of month I have the following as sql SQL TO SSIS derived column month name and 1ST of monthDATENAME(MM,DATEADD(mm, DATEDIFF(mm, 0, GETDATE()), 0)) --month nameDATEADD(mm, DATEDIFF(mm, 0, GETDATE()), 0) --date 1st of monthcant get these to work as derived columns in SSIS how do I convert please team
Can I query from two databases if my web application is connected to one database? I have a local database, DB1, that I created and is connected to my web application. My web application takes in stored procedures from DB1 and queries them. My application connects to SQL Server using my Windows Authentication account. I have access to another database, DB2, on a different server that I have read only access to using the same windows account. Can I still query from DB2 if my application is only connected to DB1? When I execute stored procedures in DB1 that also query stuff from DB2 it works on SQL Server Management Studio but I get an error when I try to do it on my application.
Can you get multiple values from a table into one row? I'm extremely green at database design and have been given a project to complete as part of an assignment.My question is, in regards to values from a table, in this instance, it relates to health club facilities.Let's say there are multiple facilities that a health club could have such as 24-hours gym, swimming pool, sauna, kids playroom, outdoor training park, cycle studio. My plan would be to store these and have a sequential ID number relating to each.If I store this information in one table, can multiple ID numbers be referenced in a single row in another?for example, if the health club \"Kingsway\" has 4 of those facilities, can I show in the row relating the \"Kingsway\" have under the facilities column ID numbers 1,2,5,6?Cheers
Naming LOGSEGMENT in Oracle I'm new to Oracle DBs and I'm creating a table that contains a CLOB field for very large JSON Objects.I'm requested to name the LOGSEGMENT object of the CLOB column but I haven't found how to do it. For now, I'm just creating a table that has a CLOB column and a constraint to check that the CLOB field is actually a json. How do I name the LOGSEGMENT object?
Why does an index rebuild requires a Sch-M lock? I don't see why an index rebuild would require a Sch-M lock on the given index.
Tsql joins on sql server What type of joins would you use if you were trying to find missing data in two related tables? Would it be an inner join or an outer join?
Byte ordering for multibyte characters in SQL Server versus Oracle I am currently in the process of migrating data from Oracle to SQL Server and I'm encountering an issue trying to validate the data post-migration.Environment Details:Oracle 12 - AL32UTF8 character setClient - NLS_LANG - WE8MSWIN1252VARCHAR2 fieldSQL Server 2016 Latin1_General_CI_AS collationNVARCHAR fieldI'm using DBMS_CRYPTO.HASH on Oracle to generate a checksum of the whole row, then copying to SQL and using HASHBYTES to generate a checksum of the whole row, which I'm then comparing to validate the data matches.The checksums match for all rows, except those with multibyte characters.For example, rows with this character: \u25e6 do not match in the checksums, even though the data is transferred correctly. When I use DUMP in Oracle or convert to VARBINARY in SQL Server the data matches exactly except for the bytes for this character.In SQL Server, the bytes are 0xE625 and in Oracle they are 0x25E6.Why are they ordered differently, and is there a reliable way to convert one to the other to ensure the checksum at the other end matches for strings with multi-byte characters?
Reset my root password, now I can't see my main database I was getting access denied for root@localhost. To resolve this, I stopped the mysql services, ran mysqld --install and mysqld --initialized, added skip-tables in the my.ini file and was able to log back in with the root user got the password to reset. Cleared the skipped-tables from the my.ini file. Flush the privileges, granted the root all access. Put in the command \"show databases;\" but it only shows these databases and its missing one.information_schemamysqlperformance_schemasysI looked at the my.ini file to see where the datadir was, looked at the path and I see the folder and the ibd file where the database resides, but it still does not show in MySQL. Any help on this would be greatly appreciated. 
Deprecated raiserror detection I want to upgrade SQL server from 2008 to 2014 versiyon. I checked all of the deprecated features including raiserror syntax. But I have many stored procedures to check. Some of them use new syntax, some of them use old syntax and I need to alter the old syntax from them. How can I check all of the procedures to detect old raiserror syntax? 
Deprecated raiserror detection I want to upgrade SQL server from 2008 to 2014 versiyon. I checked all of the deprecated features including raiserror syntax. But I have many stored procedures to check. Some of them use new syntax, some of them use old syntax and I need to alter the old syntax from them. How can I check all of the procedures to detect old raiserror syntax? 
How to stop a job for the rest of the day after the relevant condition has been satisfied once? I have a job that runs every 5 minutes to check an IF condition. If the condition is true, it will send an email, if not, it won\u2019t do anything. My problem is that once the IF condition is true, it will remain true for the whole day and, as the job is running after every 5 minutes, it will keep sending the email after every 5 minutes. I need to stop the job for the whole day once the email has been sent once. Is there a way to do so?
How to clear temp database content in SQL Server? As the title implies, I am going to clear the content of my temp database in SQL Server.  SolarWinds is generating a critical alert and I want to clear the tempdb workfiles and worktables.How can I do this? Can I restart the MSSQLSERVER service to clear the content?
Any correct procedure for couchbase backup and restore? I have just started using couchbase server and trying to configure backup and restore method. We require to take backup for each couchbase node or cluster backup also available ?
Monitor delete statements on a specific table on DB2 LUW BackgroundUser is claiming that records are deleted from a specific table, but nobody knows why. They are not sure if it's an application error or done by a user. Question Is it possible to monitor / catch / trace delete statements executed against a specific table?My first idea was to create an event monitor, but I can't limit it to a specific table or a specific kind of statement. 
Questions on database table and index partitioning in SQL Server I have developed Transact-SQL script to partition the table. To apply the partition, I am creating one non-clustered index for my partition key column and associating it to partition scheme. I have few questions:My table could have multiple indexes, and when we create index, duplicate data is created. When I partition using a non-clustered index on only one column (i.e. Partition Key Column), will other index data be partitioned too?How is the partitioning applied in the case of multiple indexes? Do we need to partition table data and indexes separately?What are the best practices for partitioning a table in SQL Server?
DBCC check on Always On Secondary Replica What is the best way to schedule DBCC check on all the nodes in Always On availability group. Can we just schedule the same job on all the nodes at the same time  including all the secondaries. In my environment all the back ups are happening on the Primary Node only. Any expert advice will be highly appreciated.I intend to use the Ola hallengren scripts.  
How are the system health extended events files rolling over? I see the default system health session events within SQL Server are 5 MB each with 4 files in total.We are trying to fetch data from the system health in historical events but for some critical production servers they just keep rolling over very fast. For some they stay there even for weeksHow is the mechanism working in SQL Server of rolling over the files and is there a way I can check when and how this is happening?Edit@ Per AnswerEvent is not restartedServer is also not restarted and it happens per scheduled once a monthTherefore i am thinking there could be possibly lot of unwanted events being captured in system health. How can i find them and filter them out in this system health ?Also, should we be increasing file sizes say 200 MB 4 files or just keep small size files like 10 MB 80 files? Which one is better?Update@ I've already marked this an answer, but while checking another thing that popped out:The files are not filling in sequential order ; say i increased to 10 files to 10 MB each. we see 1-6 files couple of days old seems all filled with 10 MB, while file 7 and 8 for the same day is 2 MB and file 9 and 10 filled up completely 10 MB. I guess this is expected, just curious why it's like this?
How to drop column named ` I managed to create a column in my MySQL database named ` (the backtick character).  How can I delete it?  Is there a way to escape the backtick character in a query?
Does write stalls on separated MDF file affect performance My user database MDF file resides on separated disk. There is nothing else on the disk than this MDF file. I can see average write stalls higher then 20ms on the file using appropriate DMV. I assume that writes are only made assynchroniously by checkpoints or lazy writer.I doubt whether there is any direct negative impact on the workload performance because of these write stalls? Or is there any good reason we should try to increase write performance of the disk?
Welcome message for oracle schema I want to display welcome message when ever a oracle schema try to login database using TOAD or PLSQL developer only
Is there anyway to find the closest matching JSON entry inside a database Scenario: suppose I have a list of numbers written in something like JSON stored in a database field. Something like this: ids{1,2,3}Let's suppose the database is filled with rows that each have a an IDs JSON field like thisentry1: someUniqueID, ids{1,2,4}entry2: someUniqueID, ids{1,2,5}entry3: someUniqueID, ids{1,2,3}Is it possible with any type of database (sql, nosql, graph etc.) to efficiently structure the database for finding the entry with the closest match? As in looking for the field ids inside a database that most closely resemblesids{1,2,3}entry1 has 2 numbers inside that match which are 1 and 2. therefore 66,6% matchentry2 has 2 numbers inside that match which are 1 and 2. therefore 66,6% matchentry3 has 3 numbers inside that match which are 1,2 and 3. therefore 100% match the Query would return entry3I know it's of course possible to read each row and compare the values using code and find the closest match. Of course if you have a large database with many thousands or even millions of rows each holding the ids field. Getting result would take ages.Is there any database technology that would allow for fast, sub 1 seconds result of this kind, even if ids holds much more than 3 values.By the way the values don't have to be stored using JSON.  Any Direction to for me to look into would be appreciated.
Cutting notch out of tile- least wasteful/ fastest option I have a piece of 12 inch square porcelain tile that I need to cut notch out of one side to fit around doorway. Notch is about 1/3 way down one side and is 4 inches wide by 2 inch deep towards center of tile. I've read where you can use oscillating tool,snap cutter, angle grinder, tile cutter, or tile saw. However, they all seem to have disadvantages- oscillating tool( very,very slow) snap cutter ( chance of breaking tile), angle grinder (very dusty),  tile cutter (hard to make this type cut), and tile saw( cost). Is tile saw really best option?
Cutting notch out of tile- least wasteful/ fastest option I have a piece of 12 inch square porcelain tile that I need to cut notch out of one side to fit around doorway. Notch is about 1/3 way down one side and is 4 inches wide by 2 inch deep towards center of tile. I've read where you can use oscillating tool,snap cutter, angle grinder, tile cutter, or tile saw. However, they all seem to have disadvantages- oscillating tool( very,very slow) snap cutter ( chance of breaking tile), angle grinder (very dusty),  tile cutter (hard to make this type cut), and tile saw( cost). Is tile saw really best option?
how operate ceiling fan with no reverse switch, without remote Trying to install a Minka ceiling fan/light (in buddy's condo).   The ceiling box has three-wire circuit (white, black, red) and there are two wall switches connected. But the fan has no reverse switch, so apparently they require you to use it with the remote.   But the receiver for the remote will not fit into the ceiling box (it is a condo building, framed with metal studs, and the box is smaller than fan boxes I'm used to seeing in wood-frame houses).   Does anyone know of a fan wall switch that includes a reverse function ?   I've searched Minka's accessories and I don't believe they sell one.  To clarify: there are 3 wires (plus ground) coming into the fan ceiling box: white, black, red; two wall switches activate the black and red wires.  I need to connect those 3 wires directly to the wires from the fan itself: white (neutral), black (fan power), blue (light power).   But this provides no way to reverse the fan.Only other options I see are: put remote receiver in the wall switch box (where the two switches are located), which seems dumb; return the fans for ones with reverse switch; only operate the fans in blow-downwards mode; replace the ceiling box (not even sure how that'd be done in a metal-framed building).
Gravel under vinyl fence post in clay soil? I'm putting up a 6ft vinyl privacy fence. The holes reach 42 inches (city mandates 36 inches). I was planning to put a couple inches of gravel in the bottom of the hole before filling with cement (per fence kit instructions), but I'm getting a bit confused now I'm thinking about it. The thing is, I've seen my holes in the clay soil hold water for days, so gravel at the bottom of the hole would just trap water with nowhere for it to go. Now, it's below the frost line so it shouldn't heave the post up, and it's a vinyl post so it shouldn't rot, but it's not doing any good either, so what's the point?
Should the ground lug be bonded in my sub-panel? I have 200 amp service at the house.  I want to install a DP 60 amp breaker in that panel and run # 6 wire approximately 150 feet (10% added for swag) overhead to a dog rescue building.  The building will have a window AC installed (7.8A@208V), plus a number of 20\" box fans (0.8A each) , and LED lighting for a 480 square foot building.  The AC unit is the only thing pulling a significant amount of power.  It is my understanding that the grounds and the neutrals need to be separated.  Does that mean I should not install the bonding screw which I think is meant to tie the ground and the neutral together?  Next, can I run 6/3 without the additional ground as long as I sink 2 grounding rods at the sub-panel, at least 6 feet apart?  This is not my house!  The sub-panel (which had been fed by an extension cord) is either from HD or Lowe's (Homeline?).  It has a factory installed 100 amp main breaker which does not appear to be replaceable.  Since the main panel has a DP 60 amp breaker this 100 amp breaker will basically be a switch to kill the sub-panel.  If I use AL wire for the 150 ft should I drop the breaker in the main panel to a 50amp?
Will installing a beam under my shed's floor framing eliminate the bounce? The previous owner of my property built a roughly 16x12 outbuilding on posts. Besides doing many things in slightly stupid ways, the building overall isn't awful. I've converted it into a manhut where I drink beers and butcher deers. The floor bounces, and when I crawled underneath, I could have punched him. He used 2x6 floor joists, 19\" on center. I dont have much working room under the building and am on a budget.Here is my plan: cut holes in subflooring. Using auger or post hole diggers, bury 6x6 posts (3) in concrete, shoulder cut 6x6 and use 2x10s to create a beam in the middle of the joists. Think this will be enough to take out the bounce and be strong enough to have a couple of guys standing, along with lots of outdoors gear/equipment in there without risking breaking joists?Grade of soil shown in diagram. In the footprint diagram, the lowest clearance is in the top right corner.  The ground slopes from top right towards bottom left.
Azek PVC deck boards with Joist Tape? I bought the Azek PVC boards from a local store and I am starting to install the boards soon. I am using pressure treated for the frame, the store I bought the board suggested to use \"Joist Tape\" to protect the wooden joists. But when I read further details on the production information on the Joist tape (Resisto Joist Guard). They said the membrane composed of \"Elastomeric Bitumen\" and they said \"It is not recommended to use a product containing bitumen directly on softwood boards or flexible polyvinyl chloride\".  From the joist tape product, the technology is \"SBS modified bitumen\the surface that making contact with the Azek PVC is actually \"High density polyethylene\" not bitumen. That is confusing.  The underface is \"self-adhesive Silicone release film\".  Just wondering if it is safe to use these joist tapes? Or is there any other brand that is compatible with Azek PVC that will not void the warranty? Thanks a lot.
Two black, two white, two ground, one red wire in bathroom receptacle: huh? I'm going through my house (built 1940s) and replacing a bunch of receptacles with GFCIs. Most of the receptacles that I've opened up have one black and one white: I hook them up to the hot and neutral sides, pack it back in to the box, mark it ungrounded, done.We have a square metal junction box in the bathroom next to the sink (mounted on the wall, no less) that I want to throw a GFCI in, but I can't figure it out. Flipping each breaker on the main panel and a subpanel, I couldn't even stop power to it (?): I had to flip the main breaker to do so.  When I open it up, it has:two whites pigtailed to one white, connected to the upper terminal on the receptacle (neutral)one red connected to the upper terminal (hot)two blacks pigtailed to a stranded white, connected to the lower terminaltwo grounds pigtailed to two more grounds, one connected to the box, one just hanging freethe receptacle says 15A on it, but the wires are all solid 12 gauge (except for that stranded white one going from the two blacks to the lower hot terminal)the tab between the upper and lower hot terminals is intact, so both plugs are always hot (neither seem to be controlled by a switch)I tried hooking up a 20A GFCI in the same configuration, but with the loose ground attached, but no dice. Any ideas what's going on here and how I can safely attach the GFCI? (Bonus points for actually being grounded!)My next steps are going to be to crawl under the house to see if I can figure out where the wires are coming from/going to, I guess. Any input is much appreciated
How to mount TV to basement wall under stairs? I have a 55\" TV I'd like to mount on a basement wall, which is located under the stairs. The area under the stairs is actually accessible, and I've gone back there to see what's available. It looks like there are studs there, but they're only 2 1/4\" x 1 1/2\"? Here is a picture: Here the sloping ceiling is the underbelly of the stairs. Is there any way to mount this TV to this wall safely and securely? Sorry if this is an easy question, I'm a complete novice at this. Edit: some more photos.Here's the front of the wall:Here's some better pics of the back of the wall:
How can I mount a one gang box to a pipe? I would like to mount a single gang box to a pipe and stay code compliant. I have a 1-1/2\" pipe (but that can be changed), and I would like to have an outlet on the side of the pipe for mounting a projector on the pipe and plugging it in right at the pipe instead of at the wall.Or, even better, is there a product that I can mount to a pipe that has a box integrated into it?
130 PSI- Irrigation system, water line in house Had irrigation system installed 2 months ago. Due to location of meter and PRV, the POC was after PRV. After done was  told pressure too low even though static pressure was at 63psi, dynamic flow was 45-47psi.  Had plumber change POC before PRV and ran this in 1\" PEX from front of basement to rear basement and out to backflow. The house pressure is at 65 but the irrigation line is now 130psi.<br>Now irrigation guy said will need a pressure reducer at the valve box My main concern now is that I have a charged line running from front of basement to back of basement that is charged at 130psi.<br>     How concerned do I need to be?
How can I reduce noise from tenants coming through my heating duct? I live in an old house with a wood frame and forced air heating. My family lives upstairs and we rent out the bottom floor. My problem is that the sound from my tenant's bedroom travels directly into ours through the heating duct and we can hear all sorts of noises from them, and I'm sure they can hear similar things from us. To be clear, my tenants are not being unreasonably loud. It is only the ancient duct-work that is causing the problem. I've put a camera in the duct and I can see that there is a single right angle between their outlet and ours. I'm looking for a simple solution that can dampen the noise. I cannot do any renovations to fix this, so it must be simple and DIY. I know that nothing will be 100%, but I'm hoping that we can do something that can add privacy.Here's what I've already tried:Putting a pillow over our outlet. This is not a long term solution and will not work in the winter when we need the heat, but it did dampen the noise somewhat.Use a white noise machine, but I'd prefer a passive solution.I'm considering placing some fibreglass insulation near and around the right angle turn, but I'm not sure if this would work, or if it is even safe. If this is not a good idea, can you suggest something of a similar complexity that I could do?
What is required clearance from mechanical exhaust to garage door? I'm looking to add a new tankless water heater, which allows for pvc exhaust.In California, USA, I think clearance requirements for a door is four feet horizontally or one foot vertically. Does this also apply to garage doors?What clearance is required by code from this exhaust to garage door?I see the required clearances from the manufacturer but many of them say refer to local building codes.
clerestory wall I am building a 24 by 30 cottage with 2 x 4 exterior walls, 8' high. I want to have a clerestory style roof with the front 1/2 of the house having a roof pitch of 3/12, and the back roof 6/12, which will leave space for clerestory windows facing the front. How should I construct the center wall, which will be holding both roofs? It will be 14' high in total. Can I build this wall with 2 x 4 or should I use 2 x 6? Can I build a 10' wall first, topped with 2 2x12's to support an opening of 12' in the wall, and then put an additional 3' high section on top to complete the height for my tallest roof?
How to fill an airtight box with a gas? Any idea how I can fill a standard, airtight plastic storage box (45 litres) with Argon? The naive solution would probably to \"pour\" Argon into the box since it is heavier than air, but there must be a better way. Maybe punch two holes into the lid and place a valve in each one? If so, how would I install these valves without compromising the air-tightness of the box?Any ideas are greatly appreciated. Also, please move my question to another board if this is not the right board; however, I couldn't find a better fit.Edit: Follow-up-questions: IIRC winegrowers use candles to determine whether there is enough oxygen available to breathe in their cellars. What if I put an open box in a cellar deprived of oxygen, leave it there for a day and then put a lid on? Can I expect the box to be filled mostly with CO or CO2 or whatever is down there?Edit 2: Consensus seems to favour the vacuum bag solution. Thank you for all the great answers so far!
Run conduit from exterior sconce We have a sconce on the outside of our brick house on a covered patio currently.  I would like to run conduit from it to allow us to place an exterior fan on the same covered porch.  My questions:1) Can I add an exterior junction box and run conduit from it (all surface mounted) to the new fan placement, 2) mount a new sconce on the junction box (hopefully covering most of the box)3) Mount the fan to a fan rated exterior junction box which will be flush mounted to the ceiling joist?I want to make sure this would be code and safety compliant.  Thank you.Elmo
How to childproof small table intentionally away from wall? I have a small table next to a rocking chair in my child\u2019s nursery. Once my child starts crawling and walking, I want everything in the nursery to be childproofed, including the table. While I could fasten the tab to the wall, that moves it away from the rocker, thereby defeating its purpose. Is there any way to childproof a small table that\u2019s away from walls?
What the heck is going on in this electrical box? (Photo below). Is this safe?Just a homeowner who has changed his fair share of fixtures and outlets... but have never come across this. Two whites leading to the fixture white.A red wire leading to the fixture blackAnd two black wires in the back that I don\u2019t know where they\u2019re going?And bare wire (assuming neutral) just coiled up in there.And there is burning/charring around the electrical box and inside the old fixture.Is this configuration safe?
how to replace surface conduit for a two-wire lighting circuit? I have an old house with unswitched knob-and-tube running to a ceiling fixture. Previous owners ran surface conduit to a wall switch and to a second light fixture over the sink; none of this was grounded, needless to say. I recently had to replace part of the ceiling, so I took the opportunity to remove the surface conduit:I Installed metal boxes with extensions for the original fixture and the one over the sink (I used expandable joist hangers to mount them)Ran shielded metal cable above the ceiling to connect the fixtures, and down the wall to a newly-mounted metal switch boxCarefully routed the knob-and-tube wires through separate holes in the top of the box, secured them, flagged the neutral with white tape, then wired them to the fixtures and switch with wire nuts. (They originally just poked right through the ceiling and a surface plate)I thought to route a three-wire lead up to the switch from the floor, but I still would have been left with a live knob-and-tube circuit in the ceiling. There are other fixtures upstream of the kitchen lights, so I couldn't just kill the whole circuit or easily terminate it upstream.I'm pretty sure this is not to code, but it was the least disruptive method I could come up with. The wires are typically brittle, but they are essentially in the same position they have always been and connected the same way.Here are my questions:is this considered an extension of the circuit? I did not add fixtures or outlets. I only replaced wiring that was itself installed after the knob-and-tube.What should I do with the ground wire? As it is, the wire sheaths, switch, and all three boxes are bonded together with the ground wires but don't connect to anything. Should I leave them unconnected, or otherwise signal that they aren't actually grounded? (This would be obvious in the main fixture box but not in the other fixture box or wall box.)Thanks in advance.
How to wire a USA 50amp 2 phase double pole breaker supply for a UK 240v high capacity shower pump I have recently moved to the USA from Scotland. I brought with me a \"Waterfall\" 3 bar shower pump, operating on UK 240V, 50Hz A/C,rated at 4 A, 850W, IPX2.In our house we have a disused 50amp supply in the basement, which used to supply a hotbtub, feeding through a seperate in house double pole circuit breaker, with confirmed red, black, white and earth wires in a 3/4\" cable, for which I have three questions.How do I wire this feed to power the UK shower pump. Can I alternately/in tandem use a single red or black wire to feed a dog grooming room( currently frequently tripping a house 30amp supply) running 2 x 17 amp, 115v dog dryers, plus an 115v air conditioner rated at 10.8 amps/1200W. Total amps = 44.8 A.Ideally I would like to run both the 240V shower and 115v dog grooming room from the same supply, not simultaneously,  complying with USA electrical code. Thank you in anticipation of any replies. Roy.
Narrow conduit with 90 degree elbow - three thhn wires Currently the narrow conduit (1 inch outside, so inside maybe 3/4 inch) has 2 wires (hot and hot switched). I want to include one neutral so I can change to a light switch outlet combo.It is an old (1960) conduit, with a 90 degree elbow in the middle, so feels very \"dry\" and wires start getting damaged after a few attempts.The wires were old so I bought black, white and red #12 THHN solid wires.It was impossible to just add the extra wire (white) without fishing everything together. The wire would not even start moving properly (get stuck with the other 2 wires in the way).However, my attempts to fish all three wires failed. Mostly due to this 90 degrees elbow - it would always get stuck there when pulling, and locking, not moving any further, I had to pull back. It seems that the conduit is too narrow to allow three wires to flow there coming from this elbow. At the start, is fine because I can adjust them, but inside the 90 degrees elbow it is hard to be able to make the right angle so the three wires go inside.I once managed to finish two - the third wire ended up stuck there (it was very hard to bring the 2 wires past the elbow already). They arrived with their protective plastic with several scratches. It did not matter if taped all together or in different areas to allow better movement.My questions:- It is definitely doable to fish 3 #12 THHNs inside this conduit, if it were straight. Just feeding it, it moves through the conduit. With this 90 degrees elbow, however, is it something you still consider fully doable?- Is it normal to be so hard to fish 3 solid #12 THHN when there are 90 degrees connections?- What would you suggest doing in this case? Stranded instead of solid wire? Lubricant? Different wire? Anything else that I did not use?I question what a professional would do to finish the job - I've been trying to do it for 2 days already.Thank you for sharing your thoughts!
Can a motion sensor switch be installed as part of a pair of switches? I have a switch to my hallway by my garage. The other switch is by my stairs. I have had a motion sensor on the switch by the garage for about 15 years and it worked fine.<br>It finally broke so I replaced it and now the new one will not work. I cannot even use the manual switch to turn it on and off. I bought a cheaper one (about $17) whereas the previous one was around $30. Is it possible that some switches are not designed to be part of a pair? How can I tell? I don't mind getting the $30 one, but I wanted to be sure. The behavior is that if I use the non-sensor switch, I can turn the lights on and off in the normal fashion. But the motion sensor switch just acts like it doesn't work, no matter what position the other switch is in. I do see the blinking blue light telling me the motion sensor switch is working, but it doesn't. I have double-checked the both wires and the ground. All are connected solidly. Am I wasting time? Are some switched just not designed to work in pairs?
Moving washer machine 7 feet from trap Can I still use existing drain, p trap &amp; vent that's in place by extending drain pipe from new location to existing trap?
Replacing 2 prong with 3 prong outlet Recently I have been replacing my 2 prong outlets with 3 prong. I found out it is dangerous to have an open ground 3 prong. To update this to code I am wondering if it is ok to put a gfci in the most upstream receptacle of the circuit, so the ungrounded 3 prongs will be up to code and safer, I am also wondering if the ungrounded 3 prongs that are on the gfci circuit need to be tamper resistant? My county uses the 2014 NEC code. Any help would be greatly appreciated. 
Subfloor: styrofoam insulation between sleepers or strapping on top of styrofoam? I'm building bedrooms where a basement garage used to be.  The floor of the former garage is a concrete slab that I have resurfaced.  My plan is to install OSB subfloor and paint it for now, probably add carpet in the future.  Two options for how to install the subfloor have been recommended to me:Lay down 2x4 studs as \"sleepers\" at 16\" centers, and place 1\" thick styrofoam insulation on the concrete in the gaps between studs.  Then add a plastic vapor barrier, then add 19/32 OSB subfloor on top.  I happen to have lots of 2x4 (and 2x6) pieces left over from framing, and lots of this 1\" insulation left over from my renovation, so this would be more economical.Lay down whole sheets of 3/4\" styrofoam insulation, with 1x3 strapping on top at 16\" centers, then plastic, then OSB subfloor.  I would have to buy all the materials.  3/4\" styrofoam is an unusual thickness I might have to special order, but since I've already framed my doorways with the assumption that the subfloor would come up to 2 1/8\I can't use the 1\" insulation.  My sense is that having styrofoam between the concrete and the wood might be beneficial in terms of insulation, though, which would be the advantage of this approach.For context, the house is located in eastern Maine and we have at least three months of cold, hard, winter.  The question is: Is one of these options clearly better than the other?  Criteria include: insulation value, cost, and comfort/performance as a bedroom floor.
installing security cameras i want to thank everyone for their replies to my question about wiring. I need to get some security cameras installed but i am worried about  raising my  electric bill a lot. I have two questions, first for the people here who have cameras did it raise your electric bill a lot. And second do i have to make holes in my house to get the cord for the camera to my outlets?  Sorry if this is dumb question but i have never installed cameras before. Thanks
brick jointer with springy blades I saw a video where the mortar on brick steps was being repaired. The jointer being used had flexible, springy blade-tips, not rigid ones. I'm looking for the name of that tool. What is that style called? 
EMT Conduit Capacity with Mixed Guage I want to pull two circuits through 1/2\" EMT. Three of the wires would be 12AWG and other three 10AWG. I've found a couple of tables that say I can run 5 10AWG or 9 12AWG. Is my mixed gauge set safe? I'm having a hard time finding solid 10AWG by the foot. The stores and sites I've found only sell stranded or solid in 500 feet lengths. I only need 35. I understand stranded wire to be larger in diameter than its solid equivalent. Is this a factor in capacity calculations?The three 12AWG are two loads and a neutral for a NEMA 6-20 receptacle for a 2HP planer (15 amps) and a 3HP shaper (20 amps). The three 10AWG are two loads and a neutral for a 14-30 receptacle for a 5HP bandsaw. The bandsaw doesn't require the neutral. I want to make the receptacle more versatile by adding the ground to it. I'm using the conduit as the ground. 
GFCI with 2x 20 amp 1 pole breakers I had a 15 amp 1 pole breaker connected to a gfci in my backyard.Now I need more juice. I decommissioned this 15 amp circuit.I fished a 12/3 from a 2 x 20 amp 1 pole breakers thinking I was connecting a regular outlet outside as I've got 2 hot wires now.I thought the GFCI would connect like a regular outlet until I remembered the load/line and my mistake.Could you recommend a solution for this kind of situation. I would rather not install a double box and 2x gfci. I would like to have a single receptacle with 2x 20 amp and be able to gfci it somehow.I could fish a new wire. Else, I ran out of idea.It's a Nova panel 200 amp. 1985 I guess. I use Eaton cutler-hammer DNPL breakers.The double breaker fits bottom right. Not installed on the picture yet.
\"nuclear option\" for mold growth on ceramics and other tiles? I have to clean a long-neglected area that has mold growing on tiled walls and floor. Soap and a good brush is called for, but I'd like to \"fortify my assault\" with household chemicals.Is there any way that I might spray either a dilute bleach solution, or a dilute ammonia solution (never mix them!) to either first to make scrubbing faster/easier, or to post-treat to remove organics to slow down regrowth?Rather than talk about this specific mold, I'm more curious about a general practice here, using household products beyond soap and water to make scrubbing easier (I'm currently nursing some tendonitis) and/or to remove traces of \"mold food\" so it won't grow back as quickly.I live in a humid subtropical area, mold is everywhere, it's a constant battle.
Metal basement window frame casement rotted out We bought a house that was completely remodeled but the metal framing for the basement window was left even though they installed a new window. The rust is beyond repair. Does anyone have experience wrapping the frame with aluminum? What can be done ? Any suggestions are greatly appreciated. This is such an eyesore . 
Why are ground wires required to be so large if a short results in an immediate breaker trip? The purpose of ground wire is just to carry current in milliseconds enough to trip the circuit breaker, it won't even get hot. So what is wrong with using very small ground wire? For example. You are using #4 AWG in the Hot and Neutral wires (70 ampere capacity) and you use #14 AWG as ground (15 ampere capacity). If the ground is connected to an enclosure and the Hot wire touches it. It would take very fast for the breaker to trip, not enough to heat the #14 AWG. What is the reasons this is not allowed?
Short conduit run from attic to exterior panel. What is the correct way to run cable? I need to add a circuit and the my panel is outside. The easiest way to run the cable would be to run a conduit vertically from the panel and up through the soffit. Then I would properly run the cable through the attic to. I have two questions. My question is, what is the proper way to install the conduit? Does the conduit need to extend a certain height up into the attic? Second, it seems that with much debate, Romex shouldn't be run through a short conduit run. Is it OK to run it since it would be just 6' down to the panel or not? If the answer is no, would I just run the Romex in the attic to a junction box. Then have THHN wires run through the conduit to the exterior of the house and down to the panel? Thank you
How can I connect a new ground rod? Illinois house, built 1963. Not sure if there is a ground rod or just the water pipes used for ground. Want to put in another/first rod. Can I connect it to the clamp on the electrical meter housing which has been used for other grounds? If not, where do I have to connect it, noting there is no known existing rod. Also, is there a distance limit from the ground connection point (e.g. electrical meter) and the rod? I'm looking at about 50 feet. Adding additional ones between would be problematic due to concrete.
Where is the C wire terminal on my boiler I am trying to connect the T5+ smart thermostat to my oil based furnace. I see there are only two used wires at the thermostat  R And W but 3 additional cores available. My boiler is a old Weil McLain AB/468. Can you help where I can find the C wire terminal on this furnace/boiler so I can complete the install for the thermostat. I would be very grateful. I\u2019ve added couple of pictures that I how will help 
Wiring a Heater, Vent Fan, Light for bathroom So I am trying to get my new bathroom vent/light/heater installed. I have been up and down in my attic so many times and have had one of the functions working each time, but never all three. I got the heater to turn on and off. I got the light to turn on and off. I got the vent to run, but it would run no matter like there was no switch. I am thoroughly confused at this point. 
My bulb is permanently on. Why? Any help on this would be greatly appreciated. Setting: Victorian house, kitchen. Light switch. 1 red wire going into common. 1 red wire going into L1Original set up in the ceiling rose.1 black wire, neutral.2 red wires in the loop on the ceiling rose. 1 red wire, live. I recently changed my light fitting. I took all the wires out of the rose and connected them directly to a Habitat Fisherman light fitting. It should have been simple.Connect neutral to neutral. Earth to earth and live to live. Isolate the 2 remaining red wires into connectors. I did that and the new light won't switch off. It's permanently on. I tried changing the red wires in turn to figure out if i had connected the wrong red to red but there only seems to be one red wire that is live. (I haven't done a pro test using measuring tools)I  took a picture of the rose just after I connected the first red wire to a connector. Originally this wire was in a loop position. 
Is \"unstructural plywood\" suitable for shelving carrying a microwave oven? I want to put up a shelf for a microwave, which I guess weighs around 10 kg.In the UK plywood is marketed as either \"structural\" or \"unstructural\".  Is \"unstructural\" a good choice for this application, or should I use structural plywood?The microwave is I'd say typical microwave size in the UK: about 48 cm side by 36 cm deep.  The shelf will be the size of the microwave.  I'm guessing I'd use 18 mm thick ply, but I imagine that might depend on the type of ply.The shelf will be supported by two metal brackets (which have bracing struts that form a triangle).  The brackets will be positioned at or within a cm or two from the location of the feet on which the microwave stands, so as to minimize the bending moment on the shelf.
Adding a ground wire to old 2 wire wiring before extending to grounded wiring. I am remodeling a house and the partially unfinished attic has old ungrounded, 2 wire wiring.  There are 2 circuits.  There is a finished bedroom with one circuit on 3 walls, and a second on the 4th wall. The 2nd circuit extends out into a hallway area and then stops.  I want to extend that wiring into the other side of the attic to make another bedroom and I want it grounded.  I already fished a ground wire from the fuse box up to the end of the line on the 2nd circuit. (I cannot get it to the beginning of the line as there is a chimney and shed roof and a whole bunch of ugly over there). My question is multipart.  Can I start the ground there, or do I have to go back and ground the previous outlets on the circuit ?  (it is wood paneling, not drywall in the room, so I could take it off, albeit a big pain in the arse)  And can I try to use the same ground on the outlets of the first circuit? Do they have to be in a specific order?  Can I extend multiple grounds from one junction box?  I know I can use a GFCI at the beginning of the first circuit. But as I understand it, I cannot use them before the ground wire on the second.Sorry, this question sounds about as confused as I am right now.  Believe it or not, I rewired 2 houses.  But I gutted them to the studs, so it was easy.  And I passed inspections.  
Rekeying a Schlage Connect smart lock So my wife finally gave me permission to go ahead and buy a smart lock to add to the rest of our growing smart home gadgets. I'm looking at the Schlage Connect. We currently have a separate deadbolt and doorknob, both with locks that use the same key. They have \"Dexter by Schlage\" branding on them.My question is- if I replace the deadbolt with the Schlage Connect and the doorknob itself with a non-locking options (else you could lock yourself out if that one gets locked and you depend upon the keypad to get in!), can I replace the pins in the Schlage Connect with those from the previous deadbolt so I can continue to use the same key?
Is replacing the nails with gasketed screws likely to remedy leaks in a metal shed roof? I own a 40 year old shed with a steel roof that was fastened using gasketed nails. Over time the nails have worked loose and the gaskets disintegrated and many of the holes leak. Will pulling them and replacing them in the same holes with screws designed for the job resolve the leaks, or at least most of them? 
Can I use bentonite as a lining for a normal swimming pool? First, I'm open to alternatives and creative solutions, so the simple form of the question is, \"Can I use bentonite as a lining for a normal (chlorinated) swimming pool?\"  But, in case there are other solutions, I'm describing the situation.I have an old barn about 300' behind my house, in a wooded area.  I'm going to be renovating the barn.  Near it is a lagoon, about 200' long by 25-30' wide.  I'm thinking of using the end of the lagoon that's near the barn as a swimming pool.  This is in the middle of the woods.  Even though we're going to have to clear the area around the pool and barn to some extent, we want it to look as natural and pleasant as possible.  (I do not want to use vinyl liners or anything like that.  Everything I read about them indicates they have to be replaced in under 10 years.)Another issue is that this is a remote area, 1/2 a mile off the road, with several turns and the need to go over a creek crossing.  I'm not sure a truck carrying a fiberglass pool could make it back there and successfully unload a swimming pool form and place it properly.I've been researching to learn about pools that use chlorine or salt water (and I know the salt water pools use chlorine from the salt), as well as natural pools.  I'm still trying to decide whether to go with a chlorinated pool or a natural pool.  While reading about natural pools, I see one good solution for lining the bottom is to use 3-4\" of bentonite clay.What I find frustrating is I don't find details on this anywhere.  I don't know if the clay hardens into a firm surface when tamped down and when water is over it, or if it's still slightly porous and still allows water to leak through it.  I also have no idea if the bentonite would interact with chlorine if I use it to line a chlorinated pool.I have several reasons why, if I make a chlorinated pool, I want to use bentonite.  Naturally, I'm aware that it'll cost less than fiberglass or concrete.  But I also want the sides to slope down, from ground level, and into the pond, to give it a beach like feel.  Bentonite is also white (or white-ish), so it can look a bit like a sandy bottom.  While I could do slopes like that with concrete (which is the most expensive option), I can't do that with fiberglass.  (And I can't make a custom shape with fiberglass, either.)With what I have learned, bentonite seems my best choice for a liner, but I don't know yet if I'll be making a natural pool or a chlorinated one and I'm open to suggestions for alternatives for lining the pool.So can I use bentonite for lining a chlorinated pool?  And are there other suggestions, given the situation I've described, that might work better?
Connecting Plug-In breaker in series to existing breaker I need to connect this to existing normal breaker of 30A.I can't use a breaker panel because it would mess up the existing amperage. I just need the GFCI function of the above (especially its superior automatic self-test that isn't available in any 240v 2-pole receptacle). Any idea how to connect some kind of metal interface or adaptor to the plug-in conductor portion? I have to build one since a commercially available adaptor doesn't exist. Then I'd series it with existing 30A breaker load side (which is also 2-pole).
Furnace won\u2019t stay running and when the blower motor runs it sounds like it is sucking up water Part red arrow is pointing to keeps filling up with water and when the motor/fan (blue arrow) runs it sounds like it sucks up water and then furnace stops heating. 
How many subpanel breakers can a single piece of main breaker/bus support? This is my main panel cabinet.My original plan was to put the subpanel in front of main panel inside the cabinet by just letting it stand naturally (because it would be distracting or not good to the look to connect it to the wall outside the cabinet). For those who have tried this. What problems have you encountered? This is why I need to limit the Siemens sub load center to 12 space 18\" height so I can still access the main panel.Rest is original message:This is my main panel with 16 2-pole breakers US style. All use GE (General Electric) plug-in breakers.The breaker on top is a 125A 2-pole. Are all 125A breakers really that big?I'm replacing six of the original GE 2-pole breakers with six Siemens GFCI 2-pole breakers. Since I can't directly plug the 6 pcs due to bus nub mismatch. I need to use a subpanel. Now my question:My 6 pcs of Siemens 2-pole GFCI breakers are rated at 60A 2 pcs, 30A, 4 pcs.Can I connect them or the 6 branch subpanel to just one of the main breaker output say rated at 70A or even 100A? In a panel, How many ampere can a breaker bus support provided the whole panel is rated at 100A.. is a single breaker bus also 100A? If not, what is the rule of the connections generally?I can't replace the entire panel because it's difficult to get it out of the concrete wall and put another one fit right for it.What's the usual way to add subpanel? What did you do?
Individual conduits for each phase to reduce amount of stud being drilled I'm trying to do some improvements on an existing structure that leaves me little room for maneuvering. I'll break it down as simply as possible. I have two large PVC junction boxes (completely nonmetallic) separated by a standard 2x4 stud. It's a total distance of 4 inches. I need to get 120/240 200A from one junction box to another. That's two 3/0 THWN-2 (ungrounded), one 2/0 THWN-2 (grounded), and one 2AWG THWN-2 (grounding).I really don't want to put a 2-inch conduit between the boxes. That requires drilling a hole 2 1/2 inches in the stud, leaving only 1/2 of stud on either side. Basically, there's no stud left there (and it's a load-bearing wall).I had a thought that I could run four 3/4\" 4-inch-long PVC conduits (completely nonmetallic) tightly grouped together (just a few millimeters from each other) from one junction box, through the stud, to the other junction box and put one conductor in each conduit. Electrically, this should work perfectly. As there are no metallic components anywhere in the boxes or conduit, there should be no inducted voltages or inductive heating. But there's electrical theory, and then there's the code.In general, the code would seem to prohibit this. I think I may have found something in the code that will support it, but it's not very clear, and I could use some help interpreting. First there's this:<blockquote>  300.3(B) Conductors of the Same Circuit. All conductors of the same circuit and, where used, the grounded conductor and all equipment grounding conductors and bonding conductors shall be contained within the same raceway, auxiliary gutter, cable tray, cablebus assembly, trench, cable, or cord, unless otherwise permitted in accordance with 300.3(B)(1) through (B)(4).</blockquote>300.3(B)(1) is only for parallel installations and doesn't apply. 300.3(B)(2) is only for grounding and bonding conductors and doesn't apply. 300.3(B)(4) is a special rule for enclosures, pull boxes, and neutrals, and doesn't apply.But 300.3(B)(3) is interesting, and may provide me the out I need. Maybe.<blockquote>  300.3(B)(3) Nonferrous Wiring Methods. Conductors in wiring methods with a nonmetallic or other nonmagnetic sheath, where run in different raceways, auxiliary gutters, cable trays, trenches, cables, or cords, shall comply with the provisions of 300.20(B). Conductors in single-conductor Type MI cable with a nonmagnetic sheath shall comply with the provisions of 332.31. Conductors of single-conductor Type MC cable with a nonmagnetic sheath shall comply with the provisions of 330.31, 330.116, and 300.20(B).</blockquote>This isn't Type MI or Type MC, so the last two sentences don't apply. But the first sentence seems to leave things wide-open as long as everything is nonmetallic. It doesn't read very well, but it seems to say that the conductors can be in separate conduits as long as everything is nonmetallic. It's restricted by 300.20(B), but that doesn't seem to hinder me any:<blockquote>  300.20(B) Individual conductors. Where a single conductor carrying alternating current passes through metal with magnetic properties, the inductive effect shall be minimized by (1) cutting slots in the metal between the individual holes through with the individual conductors pass or (2) passing all the conductors in the circuit through an insulating wall sufficiently large for all of the conductors of the circuit.</blockquote>Since everything here is non-metallic, I would be in compliance with 300.20(B). So everything here hinges on the reading of the first sentence of 300.3(B)(3). 300.3(B)(3) is listed as an exception to the requirement in 300.3(B) that all conductors be in the same conduit, and the first sentence of 300.3(B)(3) appears to permit my proposed solution, and my proposed solution complies with 300.20(B) since it never passes through anything metal.Thoughts? Again, we're talking about 4 inches of conduit here, and I'm struggling to comply with both the electric code and the building code (can't structurally compromise the load-bearing wall).
Wiring 240v to 120v outlet? Is there an issue wiring a traditionally single-pole receptacle as a double-pole? (i.e. Instead of L-N-G, it would be L1-G-L2)Hmmm. When I started typing this I could not find an IEC-320-C13 to NEMA 6-20P power cable to save my life. I have... so the question is more of a curiosity at this point. But such a cable is difficult to resell as opposed to one with a NEMA 5-15P termination....Would such a wiring decrease the ampacity of the outlet? This is fine to me. Just means I need a bunch more. Equipment will be pulling max of 6A at 240v.Thanks! If you're further curious about this read on but that pretty much sums up my question.I'm searching for cost effective means of wiring my equipment. I've purchased five Tripp Lite PDU1230 for a cost of ~$800. This can wire up probably all the equipment I have. But I have space for about 5x the equipment. I can wire up everything for less than $1600 (subpanels, wire, connectors, outlets, etc.) versus $4000 in PDUs. But it's contingent on wiring a 5-15 receptacle as L1-G-L2 vs. L-N-G.Using NEMA 6-20R/P will be significantly more expensive (~$2,000) than the 5-15 but cheaper than the PDUs. Clarifications / UpdateThis is for 240v devices only; in an area with only 240v devices (racks of them); accessed, operated, and maintained by myself only.Other precautions such labeling area as \"240v only\"; placing plug covers over the unused receptacle; limiting one device per outlet, etc. can all be done. (Again, I'm the only person with access though.)I'm not looking to increase ampacity as someone commented below. I'm assuming the doubling in voltage, if anything would halve the ampacity. In this case 6A is 80% of the 7.5A capacity and therefore save to use.This question is, as I mentioned above, \"more of a curiosity at this point.\"
What is the best board to install behind a glue up tub surround? I would think it would make sense to install a waterproof board like GoBoard or DensShield behind a fiberglass tub surround, but I can\u2019t find an adhesive that specifically states that it is compatible with these products. I\u2019m hesitant to use greenboard when for not much more money I can have a waterproof wall. Cement board is a pain to work with and liquid nails gets mixed reviews adhering to it.
Problem with stair switching for light (3 way) I just did an electrical survey of my house receptacles and fixtures.  All voltages are around 119.5V except one.  On the light that is controlled by 2 switches (ie on 2 different levels of the house) the voltages are 42V when the light is off, and 119V when on.  The other 3 way lights (ie same set up on 2 other levels in the house) are 0V when off and 119V when on.Any idea what is the issue?Thanks in advance.
Are speaker wire output negative posts on receiver common-grounded? I am buying a subwoofer (powered Sunfire HRS 12) that has high level inputs (bare speaker wire) and it says that it has it's negative posts joined (common-grounded) and that my receiver or amp also has to be common-grounded.My question is, is this common to find in receivers? I have a Sony 2ch Receiver model STR-DH130 that I will be using with the subwoofer and I can't find this info on the manual.I will check for continuity on the negative terminals on Left and Right speaker outputs on receiver, if there's continuity then is it safe to assume they are common-grounded?thanks and have a nice day
Outlet wiring & single pole switch I have a 10 x 10 bedroom.  One single pole switch, four 15 amp outlets sitting on a 20 amp circuit breaker.  Each of the four outlets (typical double receptacles) -- 1, 2, 2, 3 and 4 are \"hot\" i.e. the single pole with has no effect.  Outlet 1 has a red wire.  Outlets 2, 3 and 4 are wired with white and black...no red wires.  If I want to have Outlet 2's top receptacle be operated by the pole switch do I simply break/remove the black terminals connector plate (not sure proper term) between the black terminals and it will work in on/off mode with the switch ?Thank you in advance for taking this \"newbie\" question.Ross
GE washer fills, then drains 11/29/18Moved into a condo and inherited this laundry pair.I have same exact problem with the washer as OP on 02/19/18 except model # is GE GFWN1100L3WW.Washer fills with plenty of water, drum senses one or two rotations, then drains, unlocks door and flashes the pause button.No cycles run complete.I unplugged, replugged for 15 seconds.   Then tried 15 minutes.I cleaned the drain at the bottom of the machine, as well as the filters just inside the hot and cold water hoses.I changed the water inlet valve.  Still no resolution.Ran a test for error codes.  There were several.  We cleared the codes and re ran the tests.  Got an E46 (motor or control).  Called our usual repair man and he is still trying to get info on the error code fix.Any other suggestions before I give up and replace the darn thing?TIA
Metal enclosure insulating paint/spray What spray or paint can you use to insulate metal enclosure from conduction (say in breaker panel just for double protection in case the breaker won't open during ground fault to case)?  
What would cause a musty smell from my portable A/C unit? Even when the compressor is not running in cooling mode and just the fan is spinning it is producing a musty smell. Where could the smell be coming from and how can I clean it? This unit does not have a tank, it re-distributes the water in cooling mode. 
Assemble lead sheet to be tight, but able to be disassembled I want to make an acoustic barrier which include about 6-8 square feet of 1/4\" lead. Normally when making such a barrier, it is desirable to solder it together so that there is a tight fit between the panels and no gap where sound can get through. However, in this case I will need to move the barrier to service the equipment it is shielding about once per year. If I solder together the whole barrier it will be very heavy, about 150-200 pounds, and difficult to move.So, I need some way to connect the lead sheets together tightly, but in a way that they can be easily disconnected into smaller panels that are easily movable. Any ideas how to do this?(Note that the barrier will not just be lead sheet, it will have a sound absorber like drywall or plywood bonded on both sides to it. However, the absorbers do not need to be tightly connected, only the lead does.)
Smart Thermostat without C on Heater I want to hook up my Honeywell rth9580wf to a natural gas garage heater that only has R, W, and G (not in use). It's currently hooked up to a standard battery powered Honeywell thermostat. I've read up on other posts for installing furnaces without C terminals, and gave it a try without luck. Here's what I did:-Using a voltmeter I tested across the R terminal, and the red wire from the control board to the transformer. Each measures ~27V.-No matter the heater's running state, I measure a constant ~27V at the R terminal and on the post of the transformer.-Hooked up the G wire (which wasn't in use) to the R, and put this in the C on the thermostat. This did not power up.-Was about to run a wire off the post on the transformer to the C, but held up before asking for advice.I'd like some guidance I'd anyone can assist? Thank you.
Would replacing my boiler's control board resolve intermittent issues after a water leak? My Potterton Suprima HE 60 is approaching 10 years old. A few years ago it went badly wrong because the metal flue had corroded (known design flaw) and condensate had dripped down through the boiler.That was all fixed but every now and again it stops working. The programmer is on, the thermostat is calling for heat, the motorised valves have opened but the boiler is dead - no burner, no LEDs lit. And then half an hour later it springs into life as if nothing has happened.A couple of engineers have looked at it but say there's nothing they can do when it's working - they need to see it when it's dead, but they never arrive quickly enough to see that.So I'm thinking it's time for drastic action - my options would seem to be new PCB or new boiler. Given the former is likely to be considerably cheaper, is it worth trying, or is there a danger the fault is not on the PCB and it will be a waste of time?One last wrinkle - this morning the heating was off but when I checked the boiler was showing an \"Ignition\" fault. However, resetting cleared it and it appeared to fire up just fine...I don't know what the community is going to make of all this but any advice is much appreciated!
What's the difference in 'rollable' and 'normal' basecoat? We got our interior walls and ceilings plastered. Before painting the walls, we've been advised to use a primer / base coat (\"voorstrijk\" in Dutch)  to seal the walls and reduce the absorption of paint into the fresh gypsum. There seem to be two varieties of voorstrijk: one that can be applied with rollers (more expensive), and one that can be applied with a brush (cheaper). I think using a roller is easier, but I'm not sure if it's worth the price difference.What's the difference between these varieties? What makes the 'normal' variety unsuitable for application with a roller? Or conversely, can I just use the 'normal' variety with a roller?
GFCI that opens when power source cut Usually when the source of power in GFCIs were cut, the switching contacts remain shorted. What kind of GFCIs can open the switching contacts when there is loss of power source? This is useful for open service neutral faults detection/disconection, where the GFCI would disable the output when it happens. 
Does this wall have any more studs? I have a small little alcove in my wall which is perfect for a bookshelf and started stud hunting. I followed along either side of an outlet with a strong magnet until I found a screw and then moved up vertically until I marked them all. I checked around either side of this stud but failed to locate any more screws.I don't know anything about drywall. Does it seem plausible there are no other studs to be had here?I've attached a photo of the wall with the screws I narked with tape.Update:I went over it a bit more and hugged closer to the wall to find two more studs. They are 11\" apart (left side) and 28\" apart (right side). Does this seem right?Update:One of the comments helped me think more about why the studs are placed as they are. There is an air vent that passes directly through the center of the wall and the center stud is to the left of it.
How do I fix a stripped hole in a vinyl casement window? While replacing my window crank with a T-crank I noticed the screw that is holding the gear box in place didn't seem to be doing it's job.  Upon further inspection it seems that it's stripped out.How do I fix a stripped hole in vinyl?  Can I just use toothpicks and wood glue like I normally would?
Running 100amp service 240' to a detached shop. Lots of questions Okay, so when I started this project I had a buddy telling me what to do and what to buy and it \"wasn't going to be a problem.\" I was told to buy 4/0 aluminum so now I have 235' of 4/0 aluminum in a ditch, and the friend is gone. lol. Anyway, here are my main questions... 1 - I have bought lugs to reduce the 4/0 at both ends to be able to connect to the 100a breaker on one end and the 100a sub box on the other. Is having a large run of wire, reduced on both ends to accomodate lugs going to cause problems? 2- Putting a 100a breaker in the main house panel to power the shop. I don't need another breaker or panel on the ouside of the house do I? I was planning on just running conduit til it gets in the ground and then its direct burial so just dirt the rest of the way.3- recap - got a 100a breaker in the main panel. 235' of 4/0 wire in the ditch. 100a sub panel in the shop. Got reducing lugs to make the big wire fit. just want to make sure my plan is gonna work before I get after it. any help would be appreciated.
How to wire a 2 in 1 paddle switch I am changing a 2 in 1 switch that controls a light(top) and garbage disposal (bottom). They are controlled by different breakers. There was 3 wires in the old box. Black and red on top (different sides) and red on bottom, same side as black on top. I purchased a Legrand RCD33WCC6 paddle switch. When I wire red for light to top,black to common (Middle),and red for disposal on bottom. The light works with switch but disposal just comes on and stays on.  What is wrong? 
Installing a Bath Fan Roof Vent Without Attic Access? I'm interested in installing a bathroom extractor fan where there was a previously small regular fan, but there isn't an attic above the bathroom.The switch is already wired from the previous fan which saves me from having to snake it, but I have questions about how to run the ducting from the fan, and about installing the fan itself.The duct is 4\and I plan on running it through the roof to a proper exhaust vent right next to the bathroom. I'm not entirely sure how to know where a good position to make the 5\" hole with the hole saw would be (since I can't see from the inside or put a marker like a nail for marking a place to drill), or how to get the ducting to a place where I could reach it and attach it to the vent.What tactics should I use to locate a good place to drill using the hole saw?
Socket Tester all indicators light up I used the above GFCI/RCD (up to 250v) socket tester on the 240v black and red live wire of the US split phase ac power system. When I connect the ground, all indicator lights (3 red) got on indicating \"Live/Grd Reverse, Missing GRD\" although it is connected properly.What is inside the socket tester? Does it have a live and neutral leg such that it should only be used for ac system with polarity? How about if you use it on the red and black 240v phase to phase? Why would all the indicators light become on (3 red lights)?The following is the specs of it:Specifications: Brand Name: HABOTEST Color: Black Material: Flame Retardant ABSPlug Type: US Voltage: 48V-250V 45-65Hz RCD Test: >30mA (EU/UK Plug) RCD Working Voltage: 220V\u00b120V GFCI Test: >5mA (US Plug) GFCI Working Voltage: 110V\u00b120V Voltage Measurement: 48V~250V / 45~65Hz Accuracy: \u00b1(2.0%+2) Working Environment: 0\u00b0C ~ 40\u00b0C, 20% ~75%RH Storage Environment: -10\u00b0C ~ 50\u00b0C, 20% ~80%RH Safety Rating: EN61010-1,-2-030, EN61326-1,CAT II 300V Item Size: 62 * 65 * 55mm / 2.4 * 2.6 * 2.2in Item Weight: UK 64g/2.3oz, EU 59g/2.1oz, US 53g / 1.9oz Package Size: 7.5 * 7.4 * 7.3cm / 3.0 * 2.9 * 2.9in Package Weight: UK 90g/3.2oz, EU 86g/3.0oz, US 79g / 2.8oz 
LED lights cause appliance failure Here is a fun one. I installed 2 LED bulbs into my Genie garage door opener and it caused the microwave to lose power. They are both on the same circuit. When I tested the voltage at the microwave outlet it read 48 volts. That usually means a ground reference problem. Take the bulbs out and the microwave lights up and operates fine. I installed one LED and one incandescent it it works as well. Any suggestions on a long life bulb preferably LED they doesn\u2019t cause this issue?
Does the ground wire for my pool connect to the pumps? I am in the midst of a new gunite in-ground pool install.  I have the electrical background to tackle this job but I want to know I have it right, particularly around the bonding and grounding.  I got the homeowners one time electrical permit.I successfully obtained the initial bond permit after the rebar was laid out.  I ran #8 bare copper around and left my 4 tails above the pool.  I also ran a #8 bare copper from the bonding lugs on the 3 pool lights I have installed and left them tailed out.  I have now laid out the 3ft wide copper grid to go under my pavers.  I will connect my tails(4 rebar bonds and 3 lights) to the grid and then run a solid bare #8 from the grid back to my equipment pad. Does this #8 go to one or all pumps I have at the pad and their ground lugs?  Ill have a sub panel outside.  Will I still need another grounding stick for this subpanel? I have also read I need to run a solid, insulted #8 from each light, in addition to the ground wire that comes with the light.  Is that right?  Do I need to bond the inside of the light too?  This is where I am confused.  
How to put carpet over hardwood in apartment, inexpensively, and removable without nails or screws? My apartment has hardwood. Some people may like this, and it's fine for the kitchen and dining room. But for the bedrooms and living room I want carpet, which has both benefits of noise reduction and because I prefer to walk on carpet with my bare feet, not cold hardwood. I also like how carpet makes the apartment feel warm and cozy; complete hardwood has a cold vibe.I will put an area rug in the dining room which I already have. But an area rug is far too expensive for the bedrooms and living room, plus I want a solid color (not patterns like area rugs have), so I plan to simply get some carpet by the rolls which is much cheaper. However, I need to know how to install this in a temporary fashion that does zero damage to the hardwood, and it also needs to be as inexpensive as possible.What I want to do is have a way to install and stretch the carpet as if it was installed, but in a way that does Zero damage to the hardwood even if it is on for years. Because it is an apartment, and I cannot damage the hardwood.I did hours of research but am still coming up empty. Hope you can help, thanks.
Can I add USB outlets to bath/hall lighting circuit box (not GFCI)? My bathroom, inside near door, has a 2-gang box, containing 2 light switches, powering combination ceiling light and fan. This box is fed by hallway lighting circuit, and the work box is not covered by GFCI.The changes I want to make are:Exchange both switches with a \"2 horizontal switch\" device, freeing up a gang (example: Leviton 5634-W)Install a USB-ONLY outlet (example: Leviton USB4P)My question is whether this change is \"to code\" (NEC)? I am in Northeast USA (NH).For completeness: My bathroom electrical outlets ARE on a different circuit, in a different work box, and yes that is protected by GFCI. The question is about adding a USB \"outlet\" to an area that normally requires all outlets to be GFI. My understanding is what I plan would be OK because these are low-voltage.
Generic glue-up shower wall panels? I installed a 32x32-feet inch shower pan. The shower has walls on three sides. I was planning to install glue-up plastic panels for the shower walls, but all the ones I can find at the big box stores are either shockingly expensive or won't fit.So, I'm wondering if there's a generic type of material I could cut to size and install using construction adhesive. For instance, could I just buy 4x8-foot PVC sheets?I know I could also do wall tile on cement board, but this is a rental property and I don't want to spend a lot of time and money.
very fine solenoid wires won't burn from AC source? I've seen tiny solenoid electromagnet (that is the solenoid used to open contacts inside a GFCI receptacle) with very fine wire used in the winding.. won't it burn if exposed directly to 120v ac power at each end? How is the winding computed? 
How to wire humidifier to furnace I have a Goodman high efficient furnace with a carrier humidifier attached to the back. The humidifier wasn't working because the solenoid coil was burned, so I replaced it with a new solenoid. The humidifier has a control panel mounted to the airduct. I'm trying to wire this humidifier up. I do have a 24volt transformer, but no HUM connection on the board. I noticed on the wiring diagram for the furnace it says to wire the humidifier to the C connection on the RYG...etc. I'm lost here. Any help would be appreciated. Thank you.
Why would a light fixture be incompatible with dimmer switches? I'm considering buying the Aero Pure AP80-RVL, which is a recessed bathroom light/exhaust fan combo. It's important to me to be able to use a dimmer switch for the light, but the installation instructions for this unit specifically say not to use one.<blockquote>  Use an on/off switch to operate this fan. See \u201cConnect Wiring\u201d for details.  The humidity control and fan can be operated separately. Can be used with a dual \u201cstacked\u201d switch for fan / light control. Do not use  a dimmer switch to operate the humidity control or light.</blockquote>I checked the \"Connect Wiring\" section for further detail, as mentioned in the quote above, but there is no further information about dimmer switches. Doing a text search on the rest of the installation manual yields no further references to dimmer switches either.I understand why you can't install a dimmer switch for the fan/humidity control, but for light fixtures I always assumed it was just the bulb and whether or not the dimmer switch was compatible with the bulb (in the case of an LED bulb) that determined if you could install a dimmer switch. This leads me to the following two questions: Why would a light fixture itself not be compatible with a dimmer switch or why would a manufacturer say not to use a dimmer? Would I run any risks such as damaging the unit, causing a fire, etc. if I went against the installation instructions and put a dimmer on the light anyway?
Simplest way to carbonate a kitchen faucet I'm hoping my plan to carbonate my kitchen drinking faucet is as easy as it seems, but would like some confirmation I'm not missing something:In short, I want to hook my main water line up to a consumption-grade CO2 tank, the same way I would hook up a Keg. I have a separate drinking faucet connected to my main water line, and I'd like to add a CO2 tank, connected to a regulator, connected to an air line, connected to a keg coupler. The Keg coupler would also connect to my main water line, and separately connect through to my faucet. For a diagram of what I mean, check out: www.kegworks.com/blog/how-draft-systems-work/ [No affiliation].I'm not concerned with chilling or filtering at this point, but in theory would I be able to add in a water filter that feeds into my main water line into the keg coupler down the road? Or would that create problems with making the filter system 'under reverse pressure' from the CO2 tank? I'm also trying to avoid needing to get a separate water tank to keep under my kitchen sink as that space is limited and I'd like to keep refill trips to a minimum. If my current plan doesn't work, having a tank of filtered water that I periodically have to refill and put under my sink might be the next best thing.I guess what I need to worry about is whether my main water line is pressurized enough to prevent the CO2 tank from simply emptying out into my water supply?Alternatively, would the pressure from the main water line 'overpower' the CO2 tank such that I would get minimal carbonation in the end product?Per the comments, if I would need to keep the CO2 tank &lt; the pressure of the water line (let's assume 50-75 PSI), would that sufficiently carbonate the water? If not, would it be possible to add some sort of one-way valve from the main water line that feeds into some sort of water collection tank, that then connects to the carbonation system, so that it could 'withstand' higher pressure?
how to connect C wire for ecobee lite to Weil-McLain EG Series-5 gas steam boiler I want to upgrade from a battery powered Honeywell thermostat to an ecobee3 lite.This is for heat only.My current Honeywell has two wires: Red and White. Missing is the C cable.There are enough wires in the cable in the wall they are just not connected.The transformer on the boiler has the following terminals:Y     WGC     RCurrently the red cable from the thermostat is connected to G.The white cable from the thermostat is connected to Y.Question: Where do I connect my 'c-cable' ? Is this a question of just connecting that one cable or would the entire transformer need to somehow re-wired ?
okay to use fatter/longer extension cord than spec'd for power tools? I want to buy an electric chainsaw, rated at 15A (125V). Manufacturer specifies max 50' extension cord (no gauge spec). There are 50' 14 gauge extension cords that are rated at 15A/125V. Could I use a 100' 10 or 12 gauge cord? Is the basic problem just heat + power loss due to resistance in the cord? Any measurements I could do with my volt meter to make sure it will work okay?I plan to use chainsaw for short periods of time, and when its cold out, to prevent overheating. The outlet is right below my main panel. Any other tips?
No electric current going into Water Heater We bought a brand new water heater back in November. Came home last night to no hot water.  Check circuit breaker and it wasn't tripped.  Turned it off an on anyway.  Nothing.  Hit reset button on thermostat, nothing.  Check for electric current per manufacturers instructions and there was nothing.   Put in a new circuit breaker.  Still nothing.   What else could it be?
Does the subpanel feeder need to match the main breaker size? If the main breaker in the main panel is 100A.And you have a subpanel with only light load, say 20A to 30A each breaker totally at most 70A simultaneous use of all breakers.Do you need to use wire gauge sized for 100A (AWG 2 instead of just AWG 4)? I'm aware you can use the 90 degree table.Rational is if the subpanel feeder wire is small for the main panel main breaker, it would heat up? But what if the load won't reach that amperage. Then you can use smaller feeder wire just enough for the main breaker in main panel to trip if there is a short, and not deal with overloading which won't happen in the subpanel because the load is sized for only 70A and AWG 4?Or does the rule say the subpanel feeder wire need to match the main panel main breaker no matter how light the load in subpanel so need to use AWG 2? 
Nomenclature for water management objects Building roofs and parking lots cause prevent rain from naturally entering the ground.   A bird's eye view of a building shows a footprint where water can not drain into the ground and must drain into non-footprint areas.  Other objects such as tiled patios can effectively increase the footprint of roofs and parking lots. A larger 'object footprint' reduces the area for natural draining.  What is the correct term for 'object footprint', which prevents natural draining and its complement: land that permits natural draining of water?
Are pipe unions made to a standard size / threading? Are pipe unions in a given trade size (1/2, 3/4, etc.) generally compatible?e.g. if you get a new 'half union' with the physical characteristics generally mate up with a pre-existing opposite-side half union from another manufacturer? (To make this more general - I guess I mean within a given country or other area where plumbing standards are consistent. I wouldn't suppose threaded items from, say, the EU would fit things from the US...)Note - I'm not asking about how the union mates with the pipe itself, be it threaded, sweat, etc. Just how the union halves attach to each other.
Losing pressure on cold side when other faucet is on What I have is that when I turn on the kitchen faucet to warm while washing dishes and someone uses the toilet or cold water on another faucet then the kitchen faucet gets very hot. I am on city water and pressure is at 90 and 3/4 mains.Thank you 
Can a damaged dishwasher heating element break something else? A piece of plastic melted on our dishwasher (66515113K216) heating element, and within a few weeks the heating element failed at that spot. We ran the dishwasher without a heating element for a few more months, drying the dishes by hand, before I ordered the replacement part.Once installed, the new heating element didn\u2019t work. I can\u2019t imagine multiple things failed at once, unless the fault in the old heating element may have \u201cblown\u201d something else.I replaced the high limit thermostat as it seemed like the most likely culprit, but no joy.Before I go and replace every part in this dang thing, I\u2019d like to apply a method to my madness. I do have a multimeter, and both new parts seem to conduct just fine (as does the original high limit thermostat, dangit).Thanks!
Radon Manometer shows negative prey when off I had a Radon mitigation system installed last week. When I turned on the fan it was all working great. A few days later the pressure level started to drop a little each day, until day 4 it was even. Then when I turn off the fan circuit breaker the level goes negative. So the fan is still pulling. What would cause the pressure to be greater in the pipe, open to the outside, then in the basement?
How do I remove the connected **plunger** of a bathtub linkage assembly that won't fit through the opening? I have a trip lever mechanism on my old tub and want to replace it because the water stop lever is faulty and the tub drains and leaks slowly. I removed the cover plate from the overflow opening and pulled the linkage assembly out, but the connected plunger will not exit. It looks as though the plunger is longer than the opening will allow. In other words, while looking through the overflow drain, the vertical pipe appears to extend about 1/2\" higher than the opening, preventing the plunger from being removed. This plunger moves freely and does not appear corroded.I've not seen this issue on any of the how-to videos out there.Is it possible to remove this plunger so I can snake through the overflow drain to unclog the tub, or will this involve access from behind the tub wall?
Furnace not heating after changing thermostat I have an ancient furnace/AC combo that came with my apartment that originally came with a very simple battery powered thermostat, which I replaced with a modern Honeywell programmable wifi thermostat.As the original thermostat did not have a c wire connection, which the new one needed, I needed to figure out where on the unlabeled low voltage panel to connect the c wire to (there was an unused wire in the existing cabling that was disconnected on both ends) My best guess for the c connection was the common wire for the connection to the outdoor unit, which was wired thus:R wire -> thermostat -> Y wire -> outdoor unit -> common terminal.On powering back on the furnace, the thermostat powers on, the fan can be turned on, but the heating system seems to only turn in the fan, with no heat coming. Being winter, I didn't fully test the cooling system.Did I break it? Or just wire it wrong? I haven't had a chance yet to test again with the original thermostat, due to giving back the small screwdriver I borrowed before testing it. 
Installing two identical breakers in Parallel for very basic redundancy I have a question about an issue that has been discussed in this forum, but with slightly different parameters.  I completely understand that installing two smaller breakers in parallel instead of one large one is a NO GO, but in my setup things are very different.  I have a maximum load of 66 Amp @ 240 Volt split phase (Which happens very rarely, normally it runs at 30-35 Amps).  My client is asking me to feed this equipment from two separate breakers for redundancy (A little paranoid), so to try pleasing him I'm thinking about paralleling two breakers to feed the equipment.  Of course, EACH breaker I'm planing on installing in parallel is a 2x80 Amp Breaker running AWG # 2 cables for each breaker (95 Amps @ 60\u00b0C ) so I do not have the issue if one breaker trips the other one takes all the load and is not designed for it, nor does the cable.My question is, is it correct to do this?  I have no other way to \"Redundantly\" feed the equipment.  And I'm guessing that if for any reason one breaker trips or is turned off intentionally, the other will still feed the load and is designed to carry all the current.Of course I understand that I have to be careful that I \"parallel\" the phases correctly to avoid a short (L1 with L1 and L2 with L2).Thanks
Alternatives to pig-tailing ground wires in outlet box? I have an old house and there are ungrounded outlets set in the baseboards. I am currently working on rewiring them and was wondering what the best way to tie the ground wires to each other and the ground screw is. From looking online, it seems to be using a pig tail, but these boxes are very shallow and I don't think I can fit a deeper one in there. So are there any safe alternatives?
How should I build a garden fence on the edge of a swamp? I'm currently building approximately a 60' X 100' garden on the edge of a swamp (1-2 feet above the water table), and am wondering what to build the fence out of, and how to build it as this is also my wild mushroom garden, and the mushrooms will attack the poles.
LED in Hood fan won't turn off I've just moved into a new place, and the hood fan in the kitchen takes Par 20 bulbs. I had some left over LED Par 20s from my last place, so when one burned out, I installed it, and then I replaced the other one with an LED while I was at it.Once I did that, the light would no longer turn off. There are three brightness settings on the switch, but when I turn it off, it just gets slightly dimmer.I suppose I could just put back the regular Par 20 bulb, but I'd prefer to save the 56 watts if I can. Any ideas on how to resolve this?
How can I keep a hanging cloth hydrated? As the summers are approaching, it kinda gets hot in my room. I make it cooler by dipping a bed-sheet in water and then hanging it on the curtain rod next to the window.This cools down the air that enters my room and it feels awesome to be in this naturally-cooled room.However, the cloth dries up every hour. When this happens I need to drench it in water, wring it, so that it's not soaking wet, and then hang it up again. Qs: I'm wondering if there's a way I could keep this cloth hydrated throughout the day? Is there something that I could place on top of the curtain rod, that releases water slowly to keep the cloth hydrated? 
Would connecting an ungrounded cable to a new grounded cable in a box violate code? A wire in my garage got damaged. Breaker is off now. The wire feeds the stove on the other side of a split level home. It is an old cloth covered wire, with no ground. Red, white, and black wires only.I am going to get my brother (power company senior tech) to assist me in a solution, but want to get my head around it before breaking it to him.The plan: The wire coming from the panel box is just too short to tie back into. I want to run a length of 6/3 cable (w/ ground) to an exposed 4-11/16 x 2-1/8 square junction box mounted in the ceiling (joist). Bring the new cable and old still running to the stove wire into the box. Use 3 appropriate Polaris connectors to complete the circuit.My question....what do I do with the ground wire on the cable? The box should be grounded, yes? Can/should I ground the box? Would doing so be a code violation? What is the best solution other than the impossible task of running cable all the way to my kitchen?
How thoroughly should I scrape paint from cement basement wall before insulating? I'm going to finish one corner of my basement and want to insulate the two adjoining exterior walls so that the space will stay warm in the winter. The wall was painted a few years ago and the paint is peeling in places. I plan to scrape these sections to ensure the adhesive sticks well when I add XPS insulation boards. My intent is that the XPS insulation act as a vapor barrier.Is it necessary to scrape away all of the paint, or will removing the loose flakes be sufficient?After the insulation I'll add a stud wall right against the XPS, with batt insulation in between the studs, and drywall over that.The home is 100 years old but a poured foundation was added at a later date. It is a shallow basement with no drains. We've had a wet winter but this corner has stayed dry (some seepage in another area due to an ice dam outside which I remedied).
Using NPN transistor as Thermistor emulator Premium motherboards (Asus Crosshair Hero VII) have T_in 2pin header for 10k thermistor temperature monitoring. Probing around reveals internal voltage divider with ~12KOhm rTop resistor (as per attached picture).Goals for sensor read @ T_in:25C (aka 10K) when GPIO is off or disconnected.60C+ (aka ~2K) when GPIO is high.Rough calculations, voltage drop T_in-1 to T_in-2 be ~1V for ~2k rBottom equivalent resistance.I thought I could use NPN transistor as a simple switch, plus some resistors to act like a programmable parallel resistor network (10k at low, 2k at high). Really its much more complicated.I don't have exact datasheet, only markings on transistor C945, scavenged parts bin.I have a background in software engineering but its been a while for transistor logic. I built attached circuit and IT WORKS! 1.08V vCollector to Gnd. Asus reports 68C at GPIO high, and 25C at GPIO low. 10Kohm resistors were chosen mostly because they were convenient in my tickle trunk.Questions:I fudged around with the resistors until I got what I wanted.  How would I go about calculating the values?What if I wanted 60C(~2500ohm) instead of 68C ?Am I over complicating this / easier circuit to build ?
What is better, always keep connected or discharge/charge cycles for the smartphone battery? My smartphone is serving as internet hot-spot over WiFi for my home/office laptop.I\u2019m keeping phone always plugged in charge. Most of the day I\u2019m home and using a lot of traffic.What is the best strategy to prolong Li-ion phone battery life?Keep always connected?Full discharge/charge cycles?Try to keep its state of charge in some range of \u2153 or \u2154?Use fast or slow charge?
What happends when two li-po batteries with a small difference in voltages are connected in parallel Basically i'm trying to build a huge power bank with 3.7v 10000mAh 1s cells. I'm increasing the capacity to 50000 mah by stacking one cell over the other in parallel. All the cells are identical in chemistry and nominal voltage. Does it actually affects the batteries when I connect a fully charged cell (4.2v) and a half charged cell (3.9v) in parallel ???
direct ac mains to MCU pin for zero crossing detection to detect Zero Crossing of ac mains, can i connect an EFM8 pin configured as input directly to 220V ac via a resistor?
Vcc and gnd in microcontroller on proteus The microcontroller power pins (Vcc,gnd) in the proteus are set to 5 volts by default. I have basic regulator circuit (my vcc 3.3 volt). How can I use my circuit for microcontroller power supply?
Determine to Assume Outer Diameter of Cable for Choosing Cable Gland Is there any method to determine the cable outer diameter just only known from the pin connector which is M23 Connector 17 Pins?I need the method for choosing cable gland size.Thank You
Isolation with inverter Say I used a 12v car inverter powered by a 12v brick connected to ac mains (no ground pin) to isolate a scope and bench dmm, the inverter has no earth ground. Is the equipment isolated? Is lack of earth ground an issue?
Relay or optocoupler to switch thermostat wires I'm doing a project to replace my thermostat with a DIY one.I'm trying to figure out how to switch the heating/cooling/fan/humidity wires. I'm inclined to go with an optocoupler like the 4N35. It can switch 24VAC with ease, but has a low threshold for amps (150mA).Most older thermostats that I know, give the familiar clicking sound when heat is called, implying that they use a mechanical relay. But when looking to more modern thermostats, like the Nest or Ecobee, there is no clicking, either using an SSR or an OC.The problem is that I can't find anywhere any \"specs\" of what a thermostat should be able to switch. As the wiring is only 24-28 gauge wire it should never use more than 225mA - 580mA.Is my assumption correct? Should I opt for using relays or would a simple optocoupler do?
VL53L0x Array, Sensor Sync with I2C I'm working on an array of VL53L0x by ST, composed of 15 sensors.I'm using a polling policy to read the measurements coming from the Array, and each sensor in set to Continue Ranging mode and in HighSpeedMode (nominal 20ms per reading).My problem is that when i read the array it takes like half a second to read it all, when the speed I aspected was 20ms since the sensors can work in parallel.I call the GetMesurament() for each Sensors and, at the end, I wait for 20ms.The measurement when i call the function must be ready, because of the continuous ranging and because I've waited for 20ms since the last time i asked for measurement. Instead it looks like I've to wait for each sensors to be ready.I've forgotten something particular in the setting part? there is a right call procedure to do what i want?
Logic Translation with Different Ground Reference I have two chips which communicate with each other using 1.8v CMOS I/O (1Mbs UART). One chip is on the normal 0v ground plane, but the second chip's ground is at .7v (so its I/O operates at 2.5v for high and .7v for low with reference to first chip's 0v ground). Im trying to figure out the best way to translate these logic levels so I/O works correctly between them. One option is to just connect them with no level shifting, in which case the the first chip would be seeing 2.5v instead of 1.8v for high (it should be able to tolerate), and .7v for low instead of 0v (which would probably not be reliable for 1.8v low logic which is around .45v to be safe). Other option is to use something like TXS0102, with its ground referenced to 0v. Two questions with this, the low .7v signal from Chip 2 will be fed to the input of the TXS0102, but will this be low enough to trigger a 0v output for chip 1? Second when chip 1 is sending a low signal to Chip 2, since it will be driven down to 0v chip 2 will see that as -.7v. Will this cause issues with the logic gate over time if its logic gate keeps seeing negative voltage for low?Am I overcomplicating this an is there a simpler way to do this with voltage dividers for slow 1Mbs logic?
Material with fairly high resistivity, but allows flow of charge Is there a material with fairly high resistivity (at least semi-conductor level), but also allows the flow of charge through it (and subsequently to the ground)? The flow of charge does not need to be fast, it can be very slow if necessary. The higher resistivity, the better.So ideally, if that material is left alone on the ground, its steady-state should have very little charge, and thus have negligible or zero electric field (even if you initially applied some charge to it). Basically, the material is able to be discharged in finite-time, regardless of its fairly high resistivity. The speed of discharge is the property I'm particularly interested in, but based on what I've seen, this property might be independent of resistivity.I am not sure if such properties are documented, so if you know what the property is called, please tell.ThanksEdit: My wording is apparently confusing, so let me try to put it in other words. Here is a phenomena I have observed. There is a piece of rubber and a piece of glass on the ground, both equal in size and resistivity. I apply a static charge to both, and the rubber ends up discharging (to ground presumably) much faster than glass. What is that material property called?
Why collector current is small in value in saturation mode? Why is the collector current smaller in value when a transistor is in saturation mode of operation? My guess is that although both the junctions are forward biased, the (forward) currents are 'opposing' each other and hence the net current is a small value. Is this explanation true? And if not, why is it so?(The comparison of current in saturation mode is being made with the current in active mode for an NPN transistor in CE configuration)
Is it possible to talk with Attiny85 via serial interface? Alright, I know this question is pretty silly, but I have stumbled upon different posts saying opposing things. So to make a conclusion, does anyone knows for sure if it's possible to send data via serial communication to one of Attiny85 pins?I would use CH340G to convert USB to serial from PC and then forward the info to Attiny85. Idea is to create a rather small device that could control 2-3 relays depending on the received commands. It would be nice that Attiny85 could reply to my requests and now just receive them (Rx/Tx) but Rx channel would work also.
Simple darkness sensor with ldr I am stuck on a very simple project since days and i can not figure out what i am doing wrong. The project is about the darkness sensor i.e \"the led should light up automatically in darkness and shutt off in light\". But in my case its the opposite, led turns off in darkness and turns on in light. I am using and have tried almost all the circuit diagrams from youtube tutorials which are almost the same but with few different resistor values. Also they seem to be using the transistor bc 547 while i am using the bc 548 transistor. Please help me understand what i am doing wrong here? 
How to design filter for inverter for following cases? I am going to make two pure sine inverters for collage project.Both inverter uses 24V battery as DC voltage source. Switched to ~360Vdc and ~180Vd by boost converter accordingly.Both then switched by IGBT full H-bridge circuit to SPWM AC. There is control circuit which has output od modulated sine wave(50Hz and 60Hz) with 20kHz carrier frequency. This controller drives the H-bridge.At this point everything works perfectly fine as expected. But now to get a proper sine wave instead of a SPWM wave, i need to add filter circuit.I am not sure how to design filter.Some of suggestions i got from experts that you need a low-pass filter to filter the 20kHz. But dont know how to design one.How to select L and C values? Is there any equations or calculation for this? Which topology should i use? Does hormonics removed completely by adding low-pass filter?Case 1:I/p voltage: 360 VdcOutput voltage: 250 Vrms@50HzOutput current: 5Amp maxTotal power: ~1250VA maxCase 2:I/p voltage: 180 VdcOutput voltage: 120 Vrms@60HzOutput current: 8Amp maxTotal power: ~1000maxThank you for help me. Please correct me if i am wrong and assume appropriate parameters/values if i missed to describe.
How to get inverting amp in an electronics project with 1 battery I am trying to invert the signal from a microphone for a simple noise cancellation project.  I am using a 3.7V lipo battery, right now I am trying to use a single supply op amp (TLV2462), but don't know how to get the negative signal out.  I don't need much power/voltage out, I can boost power with a second stage, I'm mostly just concerned with getting a good inverted signal with 1 battery.  
Implementing a constant current source circut that can be switched off by a voltage signal Does anyone know how to implement a constant current source circuit that is able to output 10mA constantly, ideally the load of the circuit would be a 100uF capacitor in series with 100 Ohms.Is there a way to then have the current source switch off with voltage signal given to it.Thanks,
Bug zapper project with counter I have this evil thought that building a fly zapper with a counter every time it works.There are two ways in my mind, first one is hacking a bug zapper product which I already have (hand grip style, will use 9v adapter instead its battery). But my question is, how do I put a counter on its high voltage end. Is there any way to limit a proportional voltage at the output for safe arduino reading?Other way is the capacitor voltage multiplier path, which is easy to read for me but I don't know which would be easiest to make.
Current Transformer (CT) and Potential Transformer (PT) Sensors - How to Measure Electrical Power Usage? I am not from Electrical Engineering background and so, does not have much idea about how energy power meters work.I want to measure electrical power usage of a three-phase induction motor. So, I need three CT sensors and three PT sensors to collect the current and voltage readings from the power transmission line from which the induction motor is taking power. And then, using that current and voltage readings, I have to measure how much power the Induction Motor is using? Is that correct? Actually, I am confused because, when I asked the manufacturer to provide me all the instruments needed to measure electricity usage, they gave me only three CT and one PT sensors. Can any body please explain to me how the CT &amp; PT sensors are used to measure electricity usage data (may be with a simple diagram). I just want to understand how current and voltage data are collected. The electrical power usage calculation I can do by myself. Thanks in advance.
YPbPr, VGA, Basys3 The Basys3\ufeff (a Digilent FPGA) manual says that the VGA analog outputs can drive between 0 and 0.7 volts\ufeff\ufeff\ufeff. Does anyon\ufeffe know if, from a purely analog perspective, this can drive \u201ccomponent video\u201d, or video in YPbPr, by using the outputs normally used for RGB for YPbPr? Obviously I would have to play with the Y to implement \u201csync on Y\u201d\ufeff In the end, I would connect a simple VGA to component cable and connect to a component screen
Amplifying pulse signal (0.1 .. 0.5V) to Arduino digital input How this can be so difficult (to me :-). The incoming sensor signal rests close to 0 Volts and gives ~ 0.5V pulses, which needs to be read by Arduino digital input (interrupts).So far, what I have tried:  0.5Volts is just under optocoupler to function, that would have been easy.Reading directly this small signal to Analog input. OK, but timing is not enough accurate. So, definitely want to use Arduino digital interrupt.When sensor sends 0.5V pulse -> 5V to arduino digital input HIGH state. If sensor signal goes under 0.2V -> Arduino digital input to LOW state.OK, OP amps perhaps, but how? Have tried to simulate, without getting right things around suitable op amp.I have single DC supply +5Volt to drive things.I would like to keep component amount small, tiny package.
How long to wait between usage and charging of a LiPo (or Li-Ion) IntroductionLike the most of us I've used Li-Ion batteries in many everyday devices. I also use a few LiPo Batteries in RC-airplanes. In the last years I read about their correct usage and charging. These are some of the things I learned:Discharging a cell below minimum voltage kills it (capacity decreases).Overcharging a cell above the maximum voltage kills it.Thats why you use a balancer while loading a pack of cells in series. It balances the cells to an identical voltage level by discharging the higher-voltage-cells.There's nearly no memory effect. No need to discharge before charging.For long term storage charge it to 65-80%. Not less to avoid undercutting the minimum voltage. More voltage would mean more wear and ageing, because of a higher amount of chemical reactions.You should wait some time after using a battery before charging it again. Which leads me to theQuestionHow long should you wait after usage before charging? For example if I use a battery powered string-trimmer or lawn-mower and the battery has gone empty (and probably quite warm) - how long should I wait before connecting it to the charger?I guess reasons you should wait are temperature, or ongoing chemical reactions. Also I think you should wait longer if the battery had to deliver very high-current like the lawn-mower or a fast rc-airplane which will lead to higher battery temperature.(Sidequestion: if it's about temperature would it help to put the battery in the fridge after use, to be able to charge it earlier?)
Question about modem (analog/digital) As I have understood the concept of modems, modems translate digital signal to analog ones and in reverse.Well and then I've read the definition of a modem (technical book):<blockquote>  A modem converts digital direct current signals to digital alternating current signals and the other way around.</blockquote>Well how does the word \"analog\" fit in there!? How can I get a picture of it? Can you explain a bit how \"direct current\" and \"alternating current\" fits in there?
XBee power supply design using a Li-Po 3.7V battery I'm currently designing the power supply for a device which uses XBee PRO S2C as a medium of communication. We are using a Lipo battery 3.7V 3500 mAh battery and TP4056 based battery charger.The problem is:XBee PRO S2C operating voltage is 2.6 to 3.7V. However when the lipo battery is fully charged, its voltage jumps to 4.2V and at this voltage the XBee does not operate and is damaged.What can be the best option to reduce the Lipo battery supply to feed the XBee power?I can use a PN diode or Schottky diode, but it works only if the battery voltage level is above 4.0V as it is consuming 0.7V as voltage drop (PN diode) and Schottky depends on current consumption.The best option I found is using a LDO regulator of operating voltage at 3.0V and low drop out of 0.2V. Will this regulator work for the requirement I'm looking for?
General questions about the telephone line a.k.a \"last mile\" Before the digital data gets conveyed over the \"last mile\it passes a modem, which converts this digital data into audio signals (Which is often called analog) (but the binary system still is there, as audio signals represent 1 and 0 (high tone = 1, low tone = 0) as the \"last mile\" is only able to convey this type of signal (namly audio).But isn't the telephone line as copper as an ethernet cable (if you know what I mean)? Why can this telephone line only convey audio signals? And how is the audio-signal conveyed over this copper cable? (I don't think it will convey my voice when I speak into the cable...).Are many audio signals transmitted over the \"last mile\so does it even matter if they interfere (As I think that when using DSL over 40000 audio signals must be transmitted in one second (40kHz frequency sometimes))!?
USB to RS232 without host (slave devices) I'm trying to get two slave devices (ie no host controller) to communicate.Slave 1: USB with FT232RQ chipSlave 2: DB9 Using standard USB to RS232 converter cables, I cannot get the two devices to communicate with each other. I believe this is due to not having a \"host controller\"? So to get communication I think I need to introduce a \"host\" controller between the two slaves:TTL &lt;-> Host &lt;-> RS232Am I along the right lines with this idea/solution?
What kind of capacitor might this be? Value? I am trying to duplicate a simple 556 circuit, this capacitor works, but when I try to substitute another cap, it doesn't work.  I need to order a couple dozen of these but want to order the right thing:)  tha cal in question is the flat green one with 103k in the number.I tried to measure this cap with my vom, and it read .025n.I dont know , that is accurate, since the .025n stays on my meter display with other components and wont zero out till I change away from capacitance and back again.Thanks,Dan
High power highpass filter I'm using an audio amplifier to produce a 15-20 kHz, 6 watt sine wave output into a pure resistive load.  There are some low-frequency components to this signal that I want to remove (mains frequency harmonics).  How is this best achieved?  I know how to construct RC filters for signal (i.e. low) voltage circuits but not power circuits.  Can someone give an answer about how I should design the filter and suggest components that may work?
LTSpice y-axis swap When plotting values of 2 different types (in my case voltage vs time and current vs time), is it possible to swap the y axes to the opposite side?At the moment my circuit plot shows voltage on the left hand side and current on the right, but viewing the graphs would be improved by switching to current in the left and voltage on the right.
Shock from Capacitive Coupling In an AC supply which is not earth grounded, I see a small amount of current flowing to ground from both wires of the supply (live wire has higher) even though the circuit is incomplete. It is due to capacitive coupling? Can anyone explain it? And why do I get more current from the live wire to ground than the neutral to ground even though neither are grounded? Here is a photo for context.
Predicting decay time of a resonant bandpass filter? In a typical resonant bandpass filter, resonance is set as none at 0 and full at 1, such that the filter rings infinitely at 1 and not at all at 0.If there is a two-pole resonant bandpass filter, with an impulse excitation to a maximum amplitude of \"1\" and resonance setting between 0 and 1:What is the mathematical equation that would allow you to predict the decay time of the resonant filter based on its resonance setting? For example, to an arbitrary level of \"1/e\"? ie. To 36.7879% its original amplitude?Thanks.Update June 3, 2018 @ 5:17 PMThanks to some good answers below, I now better understand the problem as follows:I need an equation to solve for Q or \u03b6 of the filter based on an input of time (where that time represents seconds to reach 1/e amplitude relative to a starting 1 amplitude).The bandpass filter will only be needed in an \"underdamped\" condition, ie. Q>0.5.Thanks again. This has been very informative and I think this should be a clearer and more answerable question.
why does a potencial coil in wattmetter influences the pointer rotation can somebody tell me,why does a potential coil in wattmetter influences the pointer rotation.if the ideal potential coil doesn't have current, it would not generate a magnetic field and it would not exerced ana kind of force.But for the wattmeter to work, the force experienced by the pointer as to be proportional to the current passing the current coil and the voltage across the potential coil.Can you try to explain me this, (interaction between voltage coli and current coil).thanks
Resistor between differential lines In the above diagram of a differential line receiver for an encoder, resistors are place between each line and its inverse. I don't see how this would lower the current of each line, so I assume it has some other purpose.What is the resistor's role in this scenario? Is it at all related to a pull up/down resistor?
Data acquisition microcontroller approach I'm prototyping a data acquisition device which interfaces with 64 discrete inputs; 32 analogue and 32 digital (user-configurable as either ON/OFF measurement or frequency/duty measurement). I'm targeting a maximum sample frequency of 1000Hz per channel, so 64,000 samples per second across the device.I'm currently prototyping with a generic ARM-based embedded Linux device (Raspberry Pi, Beaglebone, etc.). Analogue inputs are read and serialised by SPI-based ADCs, with the digital inputs interfacing directly with the device's GPIOs and read via sysfs.I'm finding that the time to measure all 64 channels within a GUI-based Linux OS is too long and presents enormous amounts of jitter (execution time of a single sample of all 64 channels can range from &lt;1ms to ~10ms). I'm currently experimenting with different threading approaches, but I believe the core issue is trying to execute time-sensitive readings within a non-RTOS environment.As such, I'm contemplating introducing a dedicated DAQ microcontroller into the design, which will interface with the 64 inputs, store intermediate readings in a buffer, then routinely pass the data to the OS (via one of the standard high speed interfaces).My questions are as follows:Is there any point continuing with the Linux-based acquisition approach for a 64ksps requirement? Even if I could manage the sampling rate, I believe the jitter would still make this option untenable.If the microcontroller approach is sound, can you recommend a make/model?
Is there a need to use public OUI numeration for \"private\" Ethernet ports? So I'm working on a product which will have two Ethernet ports:<br>One for \"public\" network, which will be used by the customer, and one internal, within the machine chassis, which needs to be opened, which should be only used by the service technician and internal accessories.  The dogma to which I was exposed to during my network training says that all Ethernet ports should use registered OUI numbers, but on the other hand, I'm can't really think of a reason why would we need an official MAC address in this case.  So my question is:<br>Is there any reason why to use the officially registered OUI numbers for the internal Ethernet port? 
Is there a way to define 26mV thermal voltage with simple words This 26mV thermal voltage at room temperature is used in non-linear diode equation.I tried to learn about it to see what it means without getting involved in too much physics but failed to find a simple explanation.Is there a way to describe it without involving in too much theory and background?Is this just a number that fits the empirical results like a constant?
Is there any way I can program stm32f103c8t6 through usb to ttl converter and using keil uvision 5? I always get noUlink device found error.
How is differential signalling AC? My initial understanding was that each differential signal (such as those used for encoders, e.g. A and inverse of A) travels along its own line and is unconnected to its inverse, etc.However, I've been informed that differential signalling is actually AC, where the signal's inverse line effectively completes the circuit.Could somebody explain exactly how differential signalling is handled, what happens in the wire, etc?
Ampere in Parallel Circuit not increasing linearly I have a PV panel circuit, connected in parallel configuration. Each panel (enclosed in dotted square) is of ~30V. The problem is, total amperes on the output do not increase linearly; even though load is a big air conditioner.This is what I get on output when I connect panels one by one: 7Amp, 12Amp, 16Amp, 19Amp, 21Amp, 22Amp.Is there a problem with my circuit configuration? I have drawn exact diagram as the wires in the circuit.
How to ensure an off-before-on transition for an H-bridge? I want to control a H-bridge using an ATMega2560. The goal is to produce output with +-18V for driving a Merklin H0 digital train set.Given the voltage and current needed for the trains it is crucial that the H-bridge never ever goes into a shortcut state. And since software is always buggy I don't want to rely on the ATMega to switch the pins correctly. Instead I want to add some hardware between the ATMega and the H-bridge that does the following:turn the H-bridge off on illegal inputswhen transitioning from one state to another ensure that the H-bridge first gets an off signal before an on signal for the opposite switch.I have a lot of 74HTCxx chips around so I can implement logic functions with them.My question now is: How do I make the H-bridge foolproof? How do I ensure the off-before-on transition for the output signals? Can I use gate switch times to delay on signals sufficiently? Or do I need a clock signal and flip-flops to implement discrete transitions from one state to another?
How does a TLC5917 LED Driver work? I have been messing around with TLC5917 LED Constant Current Sink Drivers and I don't fully understand how they work. Because of how I was taught how Voltage/Current works, to my understanding, a voltage of 5V should be able to be measured between an active pin on the driver and a 5V source going through an LED.What I measure however appears the be the forward voltage of the LED.It is my understanding that current is drawn and voltage is \"applied\".Since the driver is constant current, the behavior makes sense but how exactly does the driver supply the correct voltage?Or is my conceptual understanding of how voltage/current work misguided?
Capacitive voltage divider with varactor Is it possible to create a capacitive voltage divider where one of the capacitors is a varactor whose capacitance can be manipulated/varied according to a signal? A varactor is a two port device; what would the circuit look like so the voltage control signal could vary the capacitance?
I2C - Can I control the SCL line with a output only pin if I am not expecting clock stretching? I'm short on pins and am working with extremely low budget and small sized circuit board. So, if the I2C slave does not clock stretch, can I safely delegate the SCL pin to some output expander (Shift register or Binary Decoder)?The circuit contains the following:ATtiny13aDS130774hc138 (binary decoder) or 74hc595 (shift register)In short, is it absolutely necessary for the SCL line to be pulled up and kept in open drain condition? (Both in general and in context of DS1307 chip)
Near-field-communication / NFC at no cost My company is developing and producing measurement devices. To quality check and adjust the full devices automatically, we need to be able to read the display indication and trigger functions like high resolution, zeroing, etc. We are using usually the built-in communication interface (RS-232, WiFi, Ethernet). However, cheaper variants do not have a communication interface except the buttons and LCD display for the customer.Reading would be possible with OCR, but pressing the various buttons with a robot hand (morse code or similar) is even more \"complicated\".To keep product cost low, we are thinking of having a more or less hidden connector with a MCU UART connected to it directly.Personally, I'm wondering if it would be even cheaper and more convenient to connect a processor pin to a medium sized tiny PCB antenna. Then try to use an UART or bit-banging to \"radio\" out signals, basically to intentionally cause low-frequency EMI. Outside of the device under test, there is a very close and big antenna for receiving the signal. I assume trigger functions in the device is the harder part.Is this a viable idea? Can you point me to a term or solution I can further research?Thank you very much!
Electric Vehicle Charging I have a few queries related to EV charging:(1) When we refer to 'X kW' charger, is it that the charger is taking in X kW power and delivering power = X kW times the efficiency of the charger to the battery OR is it that X kW is what is being delivered and so the actual power being consumed from mains is X kW divided by efficiency.(2) If the nominal voltage of car battery is 375V and one wants to charge the battery at a fast charging station which has chargers rated at 800V, how is the charging going to take place? Is the charger itself going to convert it to (say) 400V before delivering the power or is there already a DC/DC converter inside the car which converts 800V (or any other voltage) to 400V for charging?(3) Does an EV have three different ports for 1-phase AC charging, 3-phase AC charging and DC fast charging or is that a single port can accommodate both single and three phase AC charging and then there is another one for DCFC?
Grounding conductor meant to protect electrical devices? I had a home inspection performed on an old house recently. The inspector noticed that some of the outlets had an unconnected third prong. He told me that the absence of a grounding conductor on the outlet wouldn't cause any harm to the home's electrical system itself, but that modern appliances that are designed to work with a 3-prong outlet could be damaged if the grounding conductor is unconnected. He used an example of a television set and mentioned that the t.v. could be fried by an unexpected voltage transient from the grid, and then mentioned something about currents travelling in the wrong direction.I didn't feel like starting an argument so I didn't press him on this issue, but what he was saying sounded completely bogus to me. I thought the grounding conductor was meant to protect the device user from harm, not the device itself? However, he seemed like a pretty competent guy, so I'm wondering if there's actually any truth to his claims?  
Induction in transformer coil relationship to magnetic field lines in core From my understanding is the process of induction described by a magnetic field line which approaches a wire perpendicular and creating an local electric field in it which can be detected which measuring electrical voltage at the ends of the wire.What bothers me is this process in a secondary transfer coil. The magnetic field lines are inside the core and do not cut the coil wire at the surface of the core.Does one need to differentiate between induction by magentic field lines cutting a wire perpendicular and the sum of magentic field lines inside a loop of wire? How exactly does induction happen in the last case compared to the first case?
Want to convert 14.8v to 5v at Max 30 Amp current draw I want to convert 14.8v to 5v at Max 30 Amp current draw. IS this possible using resistors?? I don't know that how much current a resistors can draw without any circuit issue. 
Xbee pro s2c 2.4 ghz 10dbi Antenna and its effect Just wondreing  how to increase the range/distance of communication between two xbee modules operating in API mode,we are considering to replace the 2.4 ghz antenna of 5dbi gain with 10dbi high gain antenna, does it work and fit into our need, the only term i cannot understand is the power requirements of the antenna.Does antennas draw more power if their gain is higher? And also the xbee pro s2c module power is limited to 10mw as per the digi website.
Safe assumption for AA and C battery current draw I have 5 LED candles with built-in timers, but they eat batteries, so I'm hoping to use an AC adapter to power them instead.  They are all different with some using AA batteries and others using C batteries, but each of them use a pair of batteries, so I'm thinking about getting a 3V AC adapter and connect all of these candles in parallel.What I'm unsure about is how much current is being drawn by each of these candles to make sure I get a sufficiently powerful AC adapter.  Since it changes throughout a 24 hour period, I don't have the equipment to measure and log that for even one cycle.  Are there numbers where I could safely assume that the candles won't draw more than x mA from a AA battery and y mA from a C battery?
EMC test for PCB board without housing Our company is exporting our product to European market. To sell it to Europe we need CE mark. so we let the test lab test only EMC(EMI+EMS) because our products usually don't equip any RF nor AC power.Now, we are developing a board type product without housing. The board type product's purpose is very same to the Arduino. So the board can be used in lab. But it can be an IoT Gateway product when the end user implement a product by using our board. And the board doesn't include any RF part and it is powered by DC an adapter.I think that we need to the EMC test as same to the products which have enclosures.I have some questions at this point.When we do the electrostatic contact discharge, contact point should be all point where our fingers could be contacted. If we do the contact discharge test to the very important point, for example: MCU lead, it might be failed.Our partner test lab says we need an enclosure for the test of the non-housing board.Is it correct?How do you test for the board type products?cf. I have tried to find Arduino test report for reference but I have failed.Thank you very much.
How can I indicate that an IR LED is functioning without detecting its emissions? I have salvaged, non-documented, IR LEDs. Without a datasheet I do not know how much current they can handle. I have run into this before: I confirm the LED is good with by viewing it through a camera. I set up my circuit and begin troubleshooting. Only after  eliminating all other possibilities, do I resort to a camera to discover that along the way the IR LED stopped emitting.It would be great if I could be confident that I am using the right resistor but even then accidents happen. What I would like is a simple indicator that the IR LED is functioning without detecting its emissions. I would prefer an \"idiot\" light such as a visible spectrum LED that is lit when the IR is functioning properly and can be relied on to go dark should the IR LED fail.I was thinking that I could trigger this from a voltage drop using a transistor, pull-down resistor, and a variable pot that I could tune to toggle my visual indicator.Is this feasible?
How do I reduce the frequency of electric current for part of a circuit that has variable frequencies? I want to reduce the frequency of electrical current that is operating in the 220 to 240 khz range, to being a maximum of 20khz.  I want it to still be variable though, and the magnitude of variation to be the same (so 240 kHz for the part of circuit operating at high frequency becomes 20 kHz on the low frequency part,  and 220 kHz becomes either 0 kHz (subtracting the frequency to get it below the maximum), or about 18 kHz if we scale it down by 12 (240/12=20, 220/12= appr. 18.33).  Really I just want to know how to isolate a part of a circuit and have it shift the frequency of the electrical current down to a frequency that is compatible with being heard when sent through a speaker.  The magnitude of the reduction for each side doesn't matter, it doesn't even need to be equal, as long as it remains variable but is reduced to a hearable frequency.Extra Details:  The circuit I have already converts DC current into pulsed current using Schmitt triggers.  This pulse is sent into an induction coil to create a pulsed em field at the same frequency.  If a conductive material or ferrous metal goes within the effective range of the pulsed em field, it induces current in the material and generates its own em field, which affects the pulse going through the induction coil, changing the frequency that the current is at.  I want to be able to detect that change in frequency.  Most methods involve converting it into sound through various means, one being to wrap some wire from the circuit around an AM radio, another being directly connecting it to a speaker of some sort along with an amplifier, but only after converting it to frequency that the speaker will output within the human hearing range.
How do I reduce the frequency of electric current for part of a circuit that has variable frequencies? I want to reduce the frequency of electrical current that is operating in the 220 to 240 khz range, to being a maximum of 20khz.  I want it to still be variable though, and the magnitude of variation to be the same (so 240 kHz for the part of circuit operating at high frequency becomes 20 kHz on the low frequency part,  and 220 kHz becomes either 0 kHz (subtracting the frequency to get it below the maximum), or about 18 kHz if we scale it down by 12 (240/12=20, 220/12= appr. 18.33).  Really I just want to know how to isolate a part of a circuit and have it shift the frequency of the electrical current down to a frequency that is compatible with being heard when sent through a speaker.  The magnitude of the reduction for each side doesn't matter, it doesn't even need to be equal, as long as it remains variable but is reduced to a hearable frequency.Extra Details:  The circuit I have already converts DC current into pulsed current using Schmitt triggers.  This pulse is sent into an induction coil to create a pulsed em field at the same frequency.  If a conductive material or ferrous metal goes within the effective range of the pulsed em field, it induces current in the material and generates its own em field, which affects the pulse going through the induction coil, changing the frequency that the current is at.  I want to be able to detect that change in frequency.  Most methods involve converting it into sound through various means, one being to wrap some wire from the circuit around an AM radio, another being directly connecting it to a speaker of some sort along with an amplifier, but only after converting it to frequency that the speaker will output within the human hearing range.
Current waveform electric motor Does electric motor reactance at given speed is constant according to rotor position (angle)?For switched reluctance it is not. But for three phase induction motor?Considering there is no any noise.
How to draw microstrip line in EAGLE? I am trying to connect W3113 antenna to my RFID UHF reader. The datasheet of the reader requires me to use 50 ohm microstrip line. However, I do not find where I can draw microstrip. Is it still the regular routing? If not, how do I draw the microstrip line in EAGLE? Thanks!
5v, 12v, -12v from 12v, 5A supply I need 5v, 12v, and -12v in my circuit. What would be the best way to get this from a 12v, 5A supply?For 5v, I could use a regulator. Not too sure about -12v.
ROV tether: will DC power supply interfere with the control signal? I'm designing a tethered underwater drone. I think I will use RS-485 for control. I can either place batteries in the ROV itself or supply it with electricity via tether. In the latter case, will DC supply line create noise in the control wires? The ROV impedance is going to vary, as far as I understand this is going to cause short voltage drops in the supply line even if it's connected to a battery, isn't it? 
Convert 'beep' to 'click' sound I'm currently using a metronome with a 'beep' sound that I find quite annoying. I prefer the standalone metronome to a phone app but there's no way to change the sound it makes.Is there some way I could maybe use an op-amp or 555 timer to convert the beep to a click using a small low powered simple device that a newb like me could build?I've spent ages here and on google searching but not found anything like what I'm looking for. I'd rather use my current metronome as the timing source because it's accurate and easy to set to an exact beat.Many thanks in advance.
Tesla Coil Troubleshooting Help! A couple weeks ago I decided to build a tesla coil and after a decent amount of research and building time the coil could only light up a light bulb. I have tried many things to fix it but all to no avail. Some issues I think it might have is too small of a capacitor and not enough windings on the primary coil. I made leyden jar capacitors and a bucket capacitor, which had a total capacitance of 20 nanofarads (which seems awfully small compared to all the tutorials I followed). Additionally, I only had enough copper tubing to make the primary 6 turns. Anyways, here are some of the coils details:700 secondary turns, two microwave oven transformers in series, toroid is 15\" by 4\and a static spark gap.If anyone could help me with the problems I would be very appreciative. Thank you guys!Edit: Accordingly, my question was unclear so bear with me because I am new to this community. I am asking how to optimize the power output of my Tesla coil because it currently cannot produce actual sparks. I described the set-up to the best of my ability but if there are any other specs that would actually change the performance than please let me know so i can give those as well. I hope that this feed can help others that are new to Tesla coil design as well because I feel that the optimization and tuning is a common mistake beginners make. Anyways after adding 6 more turns to the primary and testing 5 points per turn the sparks still have not been made. Perhaps this is because of the 4400 volts from the MOTs rather over 10,000 volts that some NSTs can supply.
sinewave input input induction motor If we put for standart 3 phase induction motor sinewave voltage input,will we get sinewave current if we measure motor current with osciloscope.At least sinewave like current ?
Single Button Power Switch and Mode Selector I am currently creating an embedded project and would like to know what you all think is the best way to proceed. My setup at its most basic is an ATMEGA328P, a simple momentary pushbutton, a 2500mAh 18650, and an 11 LED ring run by a WS2812.I am using the FastLED library for running the WS2812. I can only have one button that will be tasked with both power and mode functions (cycle through 10 stored presets). Think long press is power on/off and short press is next mode.Would it be appropriate to place the ATMEGA328 in SLEEP_MODE_PWR_DOWN, turn off BOD and the ADC, and just let it sleep waiting for the interrupt from the button? If it's drawing on the order of 150nA (which I've seen in my research) I think this would be a very acceptable way to proceed. I would just use a P channel MOSFET triggered by the ATMEGA328 to supply power to the WS2812 driven LED ring.Is there another and or better way to do this? Is it a bad design principle to not have a way to cut power to the processor in the event something goes wrong? (The battery will be internal and not removable).Thanks!
Is it possible to request a mapped diagram of electricity usage from your provider? Whenever I see our electric bill, it just shows the amount owed, and the amount used (in kWh).However, it would be really nice if we could request or pay a premium per month, for a service that shows a diagram of which outlets are being used the most. This would be very beneficial in determining which appliance in the house we could be more conservative with.Is it abnormal to call  the energy provider and request something like this? Or is it even a thing?Thanks for reading :)
Monitoring Battery voltage using ESP8266 thinig dev board? I have ESP8266 thing dev board. I am trying to measure battery voltage and send it to ThingSpeak. I have two questions:1) DO I need a voltage divider connected ?2) I googled but couldn't exactly find any example which could help me how to code in order to get battery voltage using esp8266 thing dev board?Any help would be appreciated. Thank You!!
In CPFSK, suppose we transmit a continuous bit stream of 1, then for how long will the frequency go on increasing? I read something about phase memory but didn't get proper information. My specific doubt is, let's say phase memory is L, then after L '1s', will we have a phase discontinuity and will the frequency restart from the beginning?
Design/Purchase a Filter for Data Acquisition System We have several types of data acquisition devices where I work. They're used primarily to measure low frequency voltages (&lt;100HZ, +/-10V). One device has a built in filter that does an excellent job. I asked the manufacturer for details about the filter. They would not elaborate on the specific design of the filter, or where to purchase one. Here's the way they describe the filter in an email:\"the filter before the ADC is a 2nd order RC filter with 90dB at approximately 128kHz\"The user manual describes it simply as a 50/60 Hz filter.To my surprise I'm having difficulty finding such a filter using Google. Can anyone tell me how to construct such a filter or where to purchase them? Ideally it would be a module with BNC connectors so I could simply attach it inline with the signal cable to our other data acquisition devices.As a mechanical engineer I have little knowledge about filters. However I did try connecting a 2000uF capacitor across the test leads. To my surprise this actually helps a lot to remove noise. It is an electrolytic type which I understand is polarized and only to be used with positive signals. I haven't found any non-polarized types of capacitors with that much capacitance. But 20000uF seems like way too much. I want to find a more appropriate solution.How do I design an appropriate filter for my application?
Manually test computer Ethernet port with a multimeter I have updated the drivers for the ethernet port an a laptop at home, yet it is only letting 10 mbps through for every cable that is connected, even though Speed/Duplex was set to Dual 1 Gb. I now suspect that the port may have dead pins, so I wanted to see if I can test the pins. If possible, I would like to test with equipment that I already have, such as a multimeter. How can I go about testing this?Edit:I should quickly mention that all cables were tested and were working fine with other laptopsEdit 2:The Ethernet device I have on the laptop is the Realtek GBE FamilyDoing some more extensive checks, the Realtek Ethernet Diagnostic utility reports that each pair has a \"normal\" connection when a cable is plugged in, however pair 4-5 reports \"short\" when no cable is plugged in, while the other 3 pairs report that they are \"open\". Manual continuity testing shows that each pair does have continuity between the two pins of each.@jstola The cables that I have been working with were observed to have download speeds greater than 20 mpbs on various alternate devices. I also attempted to connect the laptop directly to the router with another cable (which was labeled cat 5e and worked the right speed on another device) and there was no such luck there.No matter what setting Speed &amp; Duplex is set to, it seems to fall back to 10 Mbps (as reported in link speed - under the networking tab in Task Manager)
Induction Motor Torque Slip Characteristics This question was asked in a interview for Scientist position.For a given T-slip characteristics of an induction motor, I want the same maximum torque but at a lower slip value?Is it even possible? If possible, then what will be its advantages and disadvantages?
Passive Low Pass Filter What I want to do is make a low pass filter using a simple RC circuit (first order), or possibly an LC circuit (which would be second order). Right now, I am in the process of determining the values for the resistance of the resistor and capacitance of the capacitor (I'm currently going with the RC circuit idea). As the equation is f=1/(2*piRC), I understand that if I want a crossover frequency of 200Hz, I will have theoretically infinite choices or R and C. Which values are better to choose? I've heard I should choose C first, because capacitors are more difficult to find in the right denomination. Still I am left with a few hundred possibilities.Also, is there a best choice of type of capacitor? (electrolytic, etc)My application, if needed, is that I want to filter out high frequencies of sound from entering my car sub woofer (powered by a 70 W amp), so I'm going to put the low pass filter between the amp and sub woofer (I would put it upstream of the amp, but in this case, the amp and head unit are one in the same device).Thoughts?
I2S TDM channels maximum bandwidth Does I2S support sending multiple mic (around 20) channel data? If no, what is the limiting factor in supporting multiple mics?Also, is there any way to send multiple channel data from different MICs in any other format other than TDM, if TDM on I2S doesn't allow more than certain number of channels?It is a generic question and any hardware can be sited as an example. All I am after is that given any hardware what limits the maximum mic supported?Mic stands for microphone.
charging lithium ion battery of 3.7v I have a device in which I have used 3.7v of the lithium-ion battery for power supply and for charging this battery, I am using a tp4056 module.when I connect a battery to tp4056, battery fully charges and tp4056 disconnect power to battery and device start run from a battery. when the battery drains approx 30mV, its again start charging until going on full.My device runs from 3.7v to 4.2v.Now I want to make it more reliable for my device.  When a battery has fully charged, its disconnected by tp4056 module and stop giving current to the battery and device start to run from the battery and when the battery drains approx 30mV to 50mV, charger module wakes up again and start charing and it will be affected on the life cycle of the battery.I want when my device is connected to the adapter and if the battery is going full charge then my device should be run from the direct power supply, hence battery charge won't drain until disconnect of power. please help me and sorry for I am not being to explain my problem as professionally. thanks in advance.
Error in CAN reception If one node is transmitting a message to more than one node and if one of the receiver node failed to receive the message, then how does the transmitter node know which node has failed to receive the message?
Decoupling feedback for testing of PWM controller IC for SMPS I am trying to test an SMPS controller IC (like KA3882) by isolating the controller from the PWM FET circuit and de-coupling the SMPS output (to optocoupler and the feedback pin of the controller).By applying the required feedback voltage to the Vfb pin (2.5v in my case), I expect to get the square wave pulses on the output pin. Is this procedure good enough? I also felt that I-sense pin must be for protection against shorting of SMPS output power supply. Hence , I skip applying a current to this pin, but I am not sure and need advice.What is the purpose of I-Sense current in a PWM controller IC?
bidirectional buck/boost converter vs separate buck and boost converters I have recently leared about bidirectional buck/boost converters. They can be used in hybrid vehicles for optionally charging a 12v battery from a higher voltage battery or vice versa. How would one of these perform differently than separate buck and boost circuits with switches to determine which one is active at any given time?
Measurement of total AC resistance (including radiation resistance) of a coil using LCR meter If we measure AC resistance of a coil using an LCR meter (or impedance analyser), does it include both ohmic resistance and radiation resistance? I understand that the radiation resistance is negligibly small for coil at low frequencies, however, for example, if we submerge a coil underwater, radiation resistance can be comparable to ohmic resistance. I am measuring resistance of a coil underwater and I noticed a significant increase in resistance compared to the air surrounding. I wanted to confirm that the increase is due to the increase of radiation resistance. Maximum frequency is 1 MHz, and coil self resonance is way above the measurement range - we can safely neglect the effect of parasitic capacitance.
Portable high lumens array I am trying to build a portable light source - running (exclusively) on a 12v electrical bike battery. Have it operate approx 1 hour on a charge and produce the maximum possible lumens.What would be the best approach Led and driver wise? (Strip/die?) A bit lost trying to calculate what components will fit best.
Rated vs. actual power usage of a linear fluorescent lamp After having some power issues, I've decided to investigate the largest power drains in our company, and I've arrived at a realization that 128 lights adds up to a lot of power (and that's not even all of them!).Overall, I'm looking at the feisability of replacing all lamps with LEDs, but I'd like to avoid surprises of actual power usage being significantly higher than rated. As I started calculating the power usage, I've realized that there is a fairly large difference between the actual power draw and rated power.The measured current at the grid connection was 0.31667 A / lamp - lowest result was used as \"currently most efficient\though there might have been a busted lamp among them. Measurements were made in different areas for reliability and I made sure all other power users were accounted for. In this case, all lamps are linear fluorescent lamps, T8 58W 150cm, using starters.Using the \"standard\" 220 V, I get the following result:<blockquote>  0.31667 A * 220 V = 69.6674 W</blockquote>Using the calculated 233.33 V from the 35 kW, 3 x 50 A grid connection, I get this instead:<blockquote>  0.31667 A * 233.33 V = 73.8886 W </blockquote>However, both are a far cry from the lamps' rated 58 W<blockquote>  0.31667 A * 183.1560 V = 58 W</blockquote>Am I calculating something wrong? Is the discrepancy due to lamp deterioration or starters? Is there something else obvious that I'm missing?Is this discrepancy also something I should worry with the planned LED replacements? Considering current lamps are 58 W and LED replacements would be 24 W.I'm no expert and although I'm well aware that A * V = W isn't how it always works, I presumed that it should be accurate enough for lamps.
Yet Another question on using GPIO to short a remote push button OK, I bought this little remote-controlled Ac outlet thing for $1.  It controls 3 outlets via RF.  I didn't realize it was RF at first, but I currently have my BeagleBone Black doing a bunch of home automation stuff on my network anyway, and figure I can wire in the remote into the BBB via a couple transistors and be on my way.I can't read the chip in the remote, it's blank.  Supply is a 3V coin cell battery, but I figure I can run it from the 3.3V supply of the BeagleBone (maybe with a resistor to drop the voltage?  Or should it be okay at 3.3V?  I'm thinking it should be okay at 3.3V).  There are 6 buttons, 3 for on, 3 for off. There are two positive rails, one for all the on buttons, one for the offs.  Each of these rails connects to a different pin.  The buttons connect the positive rail to different pins.For schematic see @Transistor 's post below.Some of this is a bit sketchy and I purposely omitted what looks like a power supply cap, all the antennae stuff (P1 and P7 I think).  Hopefully, it gives you an idea of what I'm looking at.So, if I drop a few GP PNP transistors over the ends of each switch, then connect base to different GPIO pins on the BeagleBone, then dropping the GPIO pin low should make the transistor conduct, right?  The GPIO pins on the BBB are also 3.3V and current in minimal, so what sort of resistors am I looking at to avoid frying stuff?I'm a software guy, not a hardware guy.  Any and all help is greatly appreciated!!Edit: Working now and Google Assistant can now control the AC outlets I bought (3 for $1).  I have a purple livingroom light and a big fan connected right now.  Not using number 3 (yet).  Software will be made more robust later, but really cool to have it on my phone now 
1v for non-inverting op-amp input I need to reduce 5v to 1v for use as a reference voltage in an op-amp.What would be the best way to do this? The simplest solution to me is to use a voltage divider, although I understand others have reservations about this.Alternatively, a voltage regulator of sorts, although a quick Google, Mouser, Digikey, Farnell search yielded very few results...Ideally I'm looking for a basic, and easy to understand solution.
Embedded Ethernet Solution w/ PoE+; SPI or MII? I am currently undertaking my first hardware design attempt of an embedded Ethernet project w/ PoE+. I have experience working with embedded systems with Ethernet (mostly ARM M3/M4 processors with RMII interface to an external Ethernet PHY transceiver), but this is my first time actually doing the hardware design for an Ethernet capable device. I will also be writing the firmware for this project.The purpose of this project is to create a downstream I/O board that communicates over TCP/IP to a controller board. Multiple downstream boards will be connected to one controller and report analog input statuses as well as execute output control commands from the controller. This downstream board will also have a basic web server that will be accessed via a web browser so a user can set configuration options.In regards to the PoE+ feature, I will be using a third party module. I bring up the PoE+ in case this has any impact on the answer to my question, but I don't think it does.I will be using an ARM Cortex processor so there are two paths to take for embedded Ethernet...(1) ARM Cortex M3/M4 processor with internal MAC and (R)MII interface to external PHY. And then obviously the RJ45 and magnetics. This design I am familiar with and I know will guarantee satisfy my needs.Or the other, less expensive option that I am considering...(2) ARM M0+ processor with external 3-in-1 Ethernet controller interfaced with SPI. And then obviously the RJ45 and magnetics. For the SPI Ethernet controller, I am looking at the Microchip KSZ8851SNL.Can anyone give me a reason NOT to go with the less expensive M0 route with external Ethernet controller. Ultimately, the only cost savings is about $4 or $5 for the M0 vs M4 processor setup because both the external PHY and external MAC+PHY controller are basically the same price. This however will be a mass produced design so any savings makes a difference as volume goes up.I am mainly concerned with potential bottlenecks in performance using the SPI interface, however I am also thinking that with such minimal traffic requirements, I should be OK with the SPI interface. The datasheet for the KSZ8851SNL says it can run at a MAX SPI clock speed of 40MHz. I am not sure if I would need to run at the max or if a slower clock speed would do. And then what would the minimum clock speed of the M0 MCU be to get good performance (no lag loading pages etc)? I am looking at M0 options that have a max clock speed of 50-75 MHz.Firmware wise, is MII or SPI more difficult to implement, or are they the same difficulty?What are some network applications or requirements that would make SPI Ethernet controllers not cut it and I would need to use the MII with a more advanced processor?Or in any of your humble opinions, is it worth it just to go for the M4 MII solution and have a future proof design that could also be re-used for new, upcoming hardware projects?And lastly, in regards to PoE+, am I correct in thinking that PoE+ will be unaffected by SPI vs MII? Also would it be possible to design the board in a way that PoE+ population is optional? Basically can I offer a Ethernet OR a Ethernet with PoE+ assembly option with the same board design? I think the PoE+ is a parallel circuit so PoE+ should be able to be optional without effecting Ethernet data transmission.Sorry for the long read and I appreciate any insights!
Increase voltage and current with external power supply I have an ECU A controlling a relay, in which when there is an activation command I can measure 12 V and 100 mA.The project I'm working on is to replace that ECU A with an ECU B, but when I send my activation command to the relay, it is only able to draw 12 mA from ECU B due to internal limitations. The voltage I measure in that situation is 3 V, but ECU B has a voltage driving system connected to a 12 V supply.My question is what kind of circuitry I can use to increase both the voltage and the current to reach the values I got with ECU A. I have access to a power supply of 12 V, which is the one being used for the voltage driving system. I imagine some sort of amplifier would be the necessary component, but then which type and how to determine the specs for it?My background on electrical circuits is not very extensive, so please bear with me. I could really use your feedback. Thank you!
Is it possible to securely connect 20AWG wire to CR2 battery terminals? I\u2019m trying to securely connect a positive and negative 20 AWG thickness wire to each terminal of a CR2 battery.From what I understand, they don\u2019t make terminal connectors for these types of batteries as the negative end is flat and positive end has a nub like most small consumer batteries. For the time being, I am wrapping electrical tape around each end of the battery to hold the wires in place.I am aware that this is only a temporary solution and would like something that would be much more secure. Any suggestions/tips would be greatly appreciated!
Parallel RLC Resonance bandwidth Good day ,I need help in understanding a practice problem that my professor gave us.<blockquote>  A parallel resonant circuit has Q = 20 and is resonant at \u03c9O = 10,000 rad/s. If Zin = 5k\u2126 at \u03c9 = \u03c9O  what is the width of the frequency band about resonance for which |Zin| \u2265 3k\u2126?</blockquote>I know that in a parallel RLC circuit , the quality factor Q is given by the equation Q=\u03c9/BW and that the question seems to ask about the bandwidth .What I don't understand is the relevance of Zin and |Zin| in the question. I know that in resonance,the impedance is purely resistive but I can't  understand what |Zin|\u2265 3k\u2126 means.Any help would be appreciated.
Under what conditions can Vbe exceed 0.7 I am simulating a transistor switch in PSPICE. The goal is to switch a load (like a lamp) connected in the collector on and off. Imagine that in the place of the R2 resistor there is this aforementioned load.I understand that the smaller the R1 resistor the deeper in saturation I drive the transistor which is preferable. But how small can R1 be? In simulation I am observing that Vbe can get a lot larger that 0.7 volts and Ib is getting large as well. Is this dangerous? Are there any governing equations for Ib and Vbe in the schematic topology I am using?
Qi charging multiple devices with single transmitter I am looking for a Qi charging compliant transmitter and have found kits from different manufacturers like ST/TI/Microchip. These kits have one receiver and are tuned to work together.How can I build a transmitter (chip+coil) such that I can transmit power to multiple lower power devices with one transmitter? I haven't been able to get much information on how that can be done.For example, to use a 15W transmitter to power four 3W receivers. Can the transmitter communicate with all devices under the Qi protocol? Will this boil down to designing the coil appropriately or there needs to be support from the transmitter chip as well?
Need a switch/circuit breaker that stops power supply to equipment when power comes back after outage I need a switch that stops power supply(220VAC) to led tv when power comes back after outage. So i need a circuit breaker that breaks the circuit when power supply is off and needs manual switch on from this circuit breaker device when power supply is on. I have two ideas:I feel its possible using microcontroller and relay but i think it would be costly and time consuming to make such device. I am also having idea about using magnetic coil as in magnetic circuit breakers but not confident about its effectiveness. As i am unable to find such device on commercial websites, so i need help in finding such device if commercially available and/or making such switch/circuit breaker in a simplest and cheapest possible way. 
Output impedance of a 4mA to 20mA current loop I have the most basic of basicness circuit. The implementation is a XTR115UA IC with a 40\u00b5A - 200\u00b5A input (based on sensor voltage) which is amplified to the desired 4mA to 20mA current in the current loop.I have been given the task to calculate / measure the output impedance of this current loop. The output impedance should be below 0.1 Ohms, but I don't see anything that gets me even close. Hope you can help.
Automotive accelerometer calibration I would like to design a device which measures acceleration, yaw, pitch and roll for motorsport/automotive application. I plan on using an analog accelerometer, to provide better bandwidth and low pass filtering control of the output voltage signals.Where I am somewhat confused, is how to account for the installed orientation of the device. I.e. if the device is installed such that a 1G acceleration in the X axis (with respect to the car) is measured as a combination of accelerations across multiple axes with respect to the accelerometer (e.g. 0.3G X, 0.4G Y), what methodology would I employ to 'calibrate' the accelerometer output to produce an accurate measurement?
Making a resistive load using Resistor I am trying to make a load using resistor that can bear 12V 4A rated values.I have calculated a resistance but that has a low resistance and high power rated resistor i.e. 3 ohms 48 Watt resistor. It is impossible to find this so please help me regarding the load resistance.Thankyou 
Does charging near maximum C rate have the same effect as high battery levels? We know: The maximum C-rate decreases with the increasing charging state. Let's assume an 2 Ah Lithium-Ion or Lithium-Polymer mobile phone battery. (2 Ah is considered tiny in 2018, but this is just an example).The internal charging current is 3 A (1.5 C) at 0% to 50% (couldn't it be higher at 0% than at 50%?)At 50%, it starts decreasing, so it reaches 1C (which is 2A) at 75%.Then it decreases from 1C to 0.1C throughout My question is:<br>Does the same charging speed at a higher battery level (e.g. 75%) produce more heat and consume more lifespan, because it is closer to the maximum possbile C rate?It is said to be unhealthy for a mobile phone battery to be charged to indicated 100% due to internal pressure.Would this internal battery pressure also take effect if I charged the battery too quickly at a high level such as 85%?
Reduce supply from 4V to 3.3V What is the simplest and cheaper way to have 3.3V 0.5A from 4V?I'm developing a board which uses a SIM800 so it must have 4V 2A power input from 24V external power supply (I'm using a LM2596S adj, able to supply 4V 3A). SIM800 has 4V Vdd and 3.3V logical input/output.The rest of the board (microcontroller, etc) needs 3.3V, so I want to take it from the 4V (because if I take it from 24V I would need another step-down converter... and that means more components and cash).The cheap AMS1117 has 1V dropout voltage, so it's not suitable.The cheap MCP1700 has only 250mA output current.What's about to use diodes to get this voltage?There is another cheap regulator with less than 0.7V dropout voltage?3.3V 500mA is needed (STM32 Cortex M0 + wiznet w5500 + some leds...). Efficiency is not a problem (AC power)Solution:I will take diode voltage drop as the simplest solution versus cost.
Can I manually turn a servo by hand and then record the rotation for a response with arduino? Looking to try and use a servo to increase resistance as it is turned.
Can I manually turn a servo by hand and then record the rotation for a response with arduino? Looking to try and use a servo to increase resistance as it is turned.
Design an SMPS to provide 5V \u2013 Transformer I'm trying to design an integrated IoT device that will replace standard light switches. Currently I'm using a Switching Power Supply from eBay: HLK-PM01, just to have an working prototype. Now I spend over a week searching for example schematics, IC and others to create my own small switching psu, but really I'm quite unsure how to begin with.I need to provide around 300 mA 5V from 240V AC in my whole circuit. I've got an ATmega168PA, nRF24L01+ and other less important components, like status diodes and one analog sensor to power. I'm building the psu on my own to have the possibility to arrange those components on the PCB a bit more and to gain more knowledge about those modules.Found out that an IC from the TNY263-268 family, from Power Integrations should fit my needs, but now my problem is: <blockquote>  What type (something like EF12.6 or EE13..?) and from where could I purchase a complete transformer that will fit into my circuit?</blockquote>Often most examples mention discrete component values, but those transformers aren't really described.Maybe I'm horrible wrong with all this, but I'm open to all suggestions and advices I can possible get.
Variable voltage switching 12vdc I am looking for a circuit that would be switching a relay coil and few small leds (max 3A) with a low voltage input. Now the input is variable voltage 1.1v to 5v produced by a hall sensor pot. I want the circuit to be switched on when my input reaches 1.2 or 1.3v to switch a relay with 12vdc. Also the 1.1v to 5v values can not be affected by this additional circuit. Any help greatly appreciated .
using sine or square wave to obtain conductivity of solution? I see for designing a conductivity meter, Some Designer use square waves, as excitation to obtain conductivity and some others use sine waves for this work in their design, which wave do this job better for me?
How to calculate secondary RMS current of each winding in multiplre output flyback converter? As I am designing multiple output flyback converter and I have confusion in selection of wire gauge of the secondary winding. There are 4 secondary windings and one bias winding. Mode of operation is CCM. V_out1  48  VI_out1  1.5 AV_out2  48  VI_out2  0.15AV_out3  25  VI_out3  0.7 AV_out4  25  VI_out4  0.3 AV_bias  16  VI_bias  0.05    A280 V dc input voltage. D_max=0.47, Lprimary=3.1mH, Fsw=65KHz
The purpose of FSMC For a project, I need to have some external memory. I went for 1MB of SRAM.I am using an STM32 and I discovered the FSMC. I had a hard time understanding the purpose of this.What I read about it led me to the fact that by using it, it gives you a direct memory location. So you can write to memory without having to pilot the specific pins (like CE, OE, WE...). It also allows you to write/read to SRAM without having to use GPIO write registers, so you are way faster. (of course, there are a lot more advantages). If I'm right I guess it is a very good idea to use it.Am I right to think like that? Did I get it completely wrong?
Modifying existing PCB design of nodeMCU I am looking for a way to modify existing nodeMCU PCB layout. I want to re-build it from scratch and add more components to it namely 0.96dpi LED display and few buttons. I want to also change the existing dimensions of the PCB Board. That means I need a project file, whoes components placement can be modified. I am using Eagle for PCB designing.P.S I can't use genral purpose PCB for a fully fledged working Prototype. 
Need help building circuit for 5V-12V Voltage regulation of external 12V power-source via PWM-GPIO of Raspberry Pi I have a project, where a raspberry-pi shall measure temperature, and regulate a 12V non-pwm fan by modifying voltage throughput to the fan between 5V and 12V. The fan has a separate power-supply. Temp-measurement works fine already, but I need help building the circuit (being a beginner, I read tons of howtos and I think I got the idea, but I want to be a bit more safe, to not damage components)As far as I understood, I have to achieve the following:Switch a Transistor (which is capable of handling the fan voltage &amp; current) with a specific pulse, generated by a Raspberry GPIO-Pin configured as PWM-Pin and driven e.g. by python-scripts.=> Smoothen the pwm-generated voltage output.The consumer in the circuit shall be a 12V Fan that uses only 0.125A peak.Could anybody be so kind to explain how the circuit has to look like exactly and help me out calculating the correct values for those components ? Of course any ideas are welcome. I just need to achieve analog voltage regulation for that dc fan somehow. If I could read the fan speed in addition (from 3rd-pin, no pwm-fan), this would be additional benefit...Thanks a lot in advance, OliverPS : What software do you use to design circuit-graphics ? Are there any recommendations for open-source electronics-layouting ?!
Why exactly a RLC Circuit powered by DC oscillates? First sorry if the question is stupid... I am learning.I am trying to visualize here, without equations, what happens to a RLC circuit that makes it oscillate.Consider a RLC circuit, a switch and a 12V battery. Both L and C are initially discharged.OK, I see that the role of the resistor is to damp the oscillations, so, lets consider R=0 and L and C are ideal.At t=0 I close the switch.The current starts flowing thru the resistor and reaches the inductor.At this time, the inductor is an open circuit and the capacitor is a short circuit.Current tries to reach the capacitor but the inductor is preventing it.Magnetic field is building in the inductor. Current is increasing and its Voltage is dropping.Current finally reaches the capacitor. It starts charging. Its voltage starts to rise. Capacitor is building electric field.So at this point magnetic field is rising on the inductor and electric field is rising on the capacitor.I understand that oscillations happen because energy is being transferred from the capacitor to the inductor and vice-versa. But if both the magnetic field and electric field are rising, how can this oscillation happen.I was expecting to see one rising and one falling and vice versa, but both are rising when the circuit starts.If all my explanations are wrong, please forget them and explain what is really happening in terms of current, voltages and fields to make the whole thing oscillate.Thanks.
Alternative to relay (switching 12V with 12V accesory in car) What are the other alternatives to relay would be for switching 12V battery power rail with accesory (ignition) power? I'm trying to find an alternative, because the relay is too big for my application, I'm looking for something what's is more compact than the relay. Power load is about 150mA. I can't connect my application directly to accesory, because max rated power load for accesory is 150mA.
Suggestions on conductive materials for textile capacitive pressure sensors I am doing preliminary research for my thesis.  The thesis involves textile capacitive pressure sensors.  I am trying to find out more about how the type of conductive material used affects the capacitance of the sensors so I can better design my thesis.  The layer my research will focus on is actually the dielectric layer, but I need to decide on a consistent and reliable sensor design and am a bit overwhelmed by all my options for conductive materials (both in terms of metal and construction method of the material.  ie. thread, knitted fabric, woven fabric, etc).  Ideally I would just use conductive metal plates for the electrodes, but most likely I will have to make the electrodes out of conductive fabric and an integrative fabric.  Any good resources and/or personal experience with picking conductive materials for textile based capacitive pressure sensors would be great.  What metals are preferable?  I am new to the site, so if I need to be more specific with my question, please let me know.  Thanks in advance.**Edit:  I forgot to add that I am specifically measuring the impact of variations in the spacer material on the outcome of data collected by the sensor, in case that affects anyone's answers. 
How efficient is a Peltier TEC1-12706 and TEC1-12715 I need to know some details about Peltier coolers before moving into making an air-conditioner. I have watched several videos on YouTube that demonstrate making air-conditioners with Peltier thermo-electric coolers. They show that there is a decrease in temperature, on the cool side, which is about -10 &#176;C to -20  &#176;C.We also know that Peltier coolers have an avg delta Tmax of ~65 &#176;C. But I am a bit confused about this Tmax. I think it is generally about 30-40 &#176;C because in practice absolute conditions can't be maintained. So, does the hot side temperature depend on the surrounding temperature?How much temperature decrease, would I get if the surrounding temperature is 40 &#176;C with 12 Volts? I also want to know if it is efficient for cooling a 10 ft x 10 ft room. I think using 5/6 Peltier cooler can handle that, but is it efficient? Or should I use a compressor?And should I use only a heatsink with a fan, or a heatsink + fan + watercooler, for cooling the hot side?
DC block capacitor choosing with 50 Ohms input impedance I need block DC in a 50 Ohms terninated system. The passband will go from 100Hz to 100MHz, so the needed capacitance is around hundreds of uFs. For normal chip capacitors, I think I must take the ESL into consideration. Are there any good methods to achieve a flat passband as wide as this? Or there are some special capacitors can handle this? Any suggestions are appreciated.
LTSpice: how do I pass to a function a component name as parameter? Good morning all.I am implementing a subcircuit in LTspice, and I want also to modify the plot.defs to calculate some quantities with the voltages/currents inside the subcircuit. Thus, I will have a function like:<blockquote>  .func A(x) V(x:Vo)/V(x:Vin)</blockquote>where the function \"A\" should take the instance name of the subcircuit as parameter, in order to access to its nodes (labelled Vo and Vin in the subcircuit, using a behavioral voltage source to make the node name always the same).The syntax written above doesn't work, I get the error:<blockquote>  undefined symbol in: \"A(&lt;>)\"</blockquote>Where of course \"X1\" is the name given by spice to the instance of my subcircuit.What could be the problem? Please note that by explicitly writing the expression of \"A\" in the plot panel, everything works fine, so it is a matter of how to pass the instance name as parameter.Thanks all in advance!
How to make a low pass filter of current, instead of voltage? Is there a way to low-pass filter current, rather than voltage?  Let's suppose there is a circuit consisting of a current source and a load.  The current source may have a little bit of current noise at high frequencies.  I'd like to figure out what can be inserted in between the source and load in this case to suppress that. (Note: the load may not be resistive, and may have strong nonlinearities)
Totally noob here,help me choosing the best method of powering led First of all im sorry for the grammar because english is not my 1st language,so bear with me.So im trying to power up 100 0603 red smd led,its a generic brand and all data i could gather was its 1.8 - 2.0V and 20maI tried to powering all of them for a diorama (mostly plastic) with a 5v 1A phone charger (its just laying around and easy option),parallel with 100ohm resistor (at first i though every led was rated 3v,i bought pack of them and realized it was wrong,i used it anyway) at each one of them.Everything light up perfectly and so bright,but sh*t happens when i let them on too long,its melting some of my diorama especially the one that i glued on tight place,i never really try to touch the led (i though if its light up then its fine),so i touch it and its fells like its sting me,its hot to the level you cant hold it but not enough to kill the led but i think the life span would shorted.Then i tried to power it up directly from my pc USB port,its rated 5v 500ma,led became cooler,just warm but its okay to touch. On another try i just double the 100ohm resistor (at first i though it would dim the led,turn out not much) and the led seems fine,no overheat or noticeable dim at all only warm just like usb pc but it would be my last option since i already wired everything and to add another resistor one by one again woulf be hassle.Any idea i could solve the heat problem without too much hassle? Also a thing bugging me is every answer on google said i could put 1 billion amperage on 20ma led and it still gonna take 20ma from it so it would be fine,but why i notice a significant temperature change when i switch from the charger to the usb port with less amperage? Too much current or too much voltage? Oh btw im not yet to wire all of them together,only a small pack like 20 - 30 at a time for testing,i wonder what happen if i wire all them up and put it on,should it be pulling 2000ma at once?Thanks.
Vehicle Diagnostics using BLE? I have a requirement where the diagnostics of a vehicle has to be carried out using BLE. The number of read/write parameters would be over 300.I had worked on BLE devices in a wearable application where the attributes were around 12-15 (using GATT).Is BLE the right choice for over 300 parameters in different profiles?What kind of BLE profile and UUID type can be used for this?
A question about lightning protection for a sensor mounted outdoors There is an ultrasonic-windsensor which will be mounted on a bridge in winter. Maybe several of them.It seems like for outdoor use this device should be earth grounded(probably through mains earth? since no earth on bridge). In the manual the reason is given as radio freq. interference and lightning.People are asking why would there be RF interference on a bridge in the middle of no where and why would lightning affect this device.Would a lightning not a direct strike on such device but nearby still affect the performance or damage it?
How can I split a 5v power supply into 4 isolated (no shared ground or live) channels? I need to power a number of tp4056's with the battery outputs in series (using tp4056's because I have a bunch already, and because I want to be able to add more cells in series later).  If I do this normally It will short out the cells so my options are to either charge in parallel then have a 4-6pdt switch that can take >5 amps of current (pretty damn hard to find and wouldn't allow usage and charging at the same time, or as I saw in a tutorial use isolation on multiple tp4056's with some B0505S IC's.  These apparently cannot take alot of current and I would like to charge quickly so I need another option. -edit: I may be an idiot but I just thought about the fact that I could just use two B0505S 's in parallel for each battery and charger.
Strange thing with 5mm LEDs and variable PSU I have 3 standard LEDs (not COB just the tiny regular ones used in circuits with an Anode and Cathode in epoxy lens), I was just testing them today doing random things with them:1.9v - 2.1v = red3.0v - 3.4v = green3.0v - 3.2v = blueI think they're about as standard of an LED you can get. Anyway I have a variable power supply when I connect an LED to either the negative or positive (doesn't matter) and touch it to me or touch it to the ground it lights up. I can do this for any color and any polarity. I'm confused? It doesn't work on anything unless it's a conductive thing.. ie me, metal, the ground... but the ground is for AC electricity only? DC goes from positive to negative terminals? My variable power supply is floating, I put it on a bungee cord on my ceiling just to test it out..So basically if I connect the positive OR negative (Anode or Cathode) to the variable power supply positive or negative (does not matter, any way works) and I touch it, it lights up. My PSU can be on 0 volts 0 amps and it still lights up. The power supply itself doesn't show any amperage draw ... so I am thinking it's leaking AC or something crazy and that is going through me and lighting the LEDs? can they run on like 1 volt AC? I can't imagine 1 volt would travel through my body's resistance? I can't feel it at all, I've been shocked by 15volts AC before and you can feel it pretty decently so not sure if anything lower can even travel through my skin.I'm ok at electricity, I understand the basics so I've been able to test some things as I said above but still not really sure what to say about this. I have a multi meter that measures no resistance at all as in, infinite ohms or no connection for electricity to flow. It goes insane when I turn it to DC reading, like numbers from -300 to +200 and it sits at 20volts AC when I turn it to AC. But I can touch the power supply end to the ground or to a metal rod I put in the ground and I get no spark or anything.Thanks...
boost converter for ultra low power application I want to design a dc-dc boost converter and manage power (MPPT) for an ultra-low power fuel which contains input voltage &lt; 1 V and input current &lt; 500 uA.if I choose simple boost converter, I will have problem with inductor design because low input current (about 500 uA) will cause extremely high inductor.Here is the formula for calculating inductor for simple boost converter [L= (Vin*D)/(fs*0.3*iL)]I need to choose high freq and high L that means an inductor with more than 10 mH inductance and work in 5 MHz freq. (we don't have inductance in this spec)what should I do for power managing of this ultra-low fuel?
What would be the safest method to power a laptop (IdeaPad 510 15isk) from a 14.8v battery pack? Looking at my existing power jack and measuring it crudely with a cm ruler it looks like 3mm diameter x 1 cm length.  The laptop bottom and charging adapter both say 20v @ 3.25 A max. What would be the best way to deliver that power and have it remain smooth as the battery pack voltage drops from 16.8v to 11v (fully charged to dead) It looks like a chinesium boost/buck module would be my best bet once I set the voltage via a multimeter and epoxy the adjustment knob so their is no way it could possibly get turned or rotate its self slowly due to thermal expansion or something.  I do not favor this idea though mostly because of the fact that most of those crappy boards look poorly put together and I highly doubt that the output is very well regulated and I fear that if one of those does break it may send to much or to little voltage to the laptop.  Are their any other options? If the boost/buck is my only option are their any safeguards I could use (besides a fuse ofc)?
Circuit to supply power to USB during car brownout I have a USB car charger plugged in the accessory port of my car and I also have a simple bluetooth USB to aux adapter plugged into it. As I start the car, the power drops to the accessory port and the adapter's bluetooth connection disconnects from my phone. It's annoying having to wait for it to reconnect and start my music every time, plus its illegal to operate a phone here in the UK.I want to know if I could create a simple circuit to hold enough power to keep the adapter running while the power drops. I think the power drop lasts roughly 5-10 seconds and the bluetooth adapter is only 5v 0.1a. Could a capacitor help in this situation?
Broken stepper motor - Too high of a load? I am using a NEMA 17 (17HD4005-22B) with a Big Easy Driver and an Arduino Uno R3. I am using the motor to move a threaded rod, which then pumps a liquid. The system basically functions as a linear actuator.After trying to move a much too high load, I noticed that the stepper motor was not turning correctly. It moved erraticaly forwards and backwards a couple of steps. I also noticed to following:When I give it the signal to turn, I can turn the shaft very easily with my hand in either directionWhen it is powered and without any signal to turn, I can turn the shaft easily with my hand in either direction most of the time. If I crank the potentiometer all the way, I can not move it anymoreI connected the motor to the stepper drivers of an i3-clone printer, and  the motor does not turn. The previous two observations remainedI connected the Big Easy Driver and Arduino to one the motors of the 3D-Printer and the 3d-printer motor did not turnBoth windings of the broken motor have the same resistanceMy doubts:Is it possible that the high load caused the stepper to break?Is it possible the driver is also broken?How can I check any these possibilities?
AC line from inverter grounded to vehicle chassis What happens if a hot line from an inverter powered by a vehicle battery contacts the vehicle chassis?  This will form a circuit connecting the hot line from the inverter to the negative terminal of the vehicle battery.  Does the DC battery somehow accept the AC electricity, or does the current not flow, leaving the chassis hot?
KiCad create and understand netlist I made a schematic in KiCad with hierarchical layout. I'd like to check if the busses are connected the way I want. In this context I often read something about the netlist. So my question is, how do I generate a netlist and what does it tell me about the connections?
YM2612 Circuit Audio Signal Offset Voltage I've been working on a project messing around with the YM2612 soundchip and hooking it up to a microcontroller.  I'm able to drive the chip, but I'm having a little trouble with the audio part of the circuit.I have a 10k\u03a9  pulldown resistor on one of the outputs of the chip (I'm only testing this output for the time being). I've noticed that there appears to be some kind of voltage offset at the output of the chip. I'm still learning about electronics, so I'm not fully sure how to look this up, other than what I think is messing with the \"voltage bias\but in most cases, it seems to be about raising the signal's offset instead of lowering it. The signal seems to be the normal audio signal, but instead of being based around 0v as the center, it's about 2.8ish volts or so.  I was trying to amplify the signal since it's a very low audio signal, but with the voltage offset, I feel like using an op-amp just to amplify the signal, with it always being at ~2.8v I won't be getting as much gain as I'd like to (using a 5v supply for this). I'm sorry if some of my terminology is mixed up. I'm happy to elaborate on anything I might have forgotten, but would really love any help or advice you can provide on how to handle the audio output circuit. Oh, btw, I don't want to directly hook this up to a speaker or anything, this is just about obtaining line level for headphones or something of that nature.
LED driver type detection- 0-10V or DALI I am looking for the solution which can automatically detect the driver type installed in street light luminary.There are control mechanism which controls and provides the 0-10V and DALI dimming to driver installed in luminary.Now what I want is I to develop mechanism that automatically detect the driver type (DALI/ 0-10V) and provide the dimming interface accordingly. There is 2 wire interface between control mechanism and driver.0-10V is analog type dimming and DALI is digital interface. How it can be done Any idea.
Multiple lights dimming using single TRIAC zero detcetion module We know well we can dim single lights using single TRIAC module with the help of PWM signals from controller. My question is, I want to control the lights which are placed on hall. Let us consider 15-20 bulbs.Is it possible to control single PWM signal and single TRAIC module? We need to consider only current value of TRIAC module? What are all the hardware points should be consider at the time of automate.Which micro-controller is best for home automation? Is it possible to ON/OFF lights using TRIAC module? If its not how to do that?
Minimum voltage of 18650 I have made a rechargeable torch using 4 LEDs in parralel and an 18650 battery. The battery is charged by using a TP4056 module. Due to the fact that I got 10 for 1 pound on ebay it does not have over discharge protection. What is the minimum voltage I can take the battery to. As the 4 LEDs wired in parallel are connected to a 100 ohm resistor will the LEDS switch off when the voltage is too low ?
Frequency Hopping 900MHz -- Noise Floor Mitigation and Algorithim Design I've built a few baremetal fixed frequency RF systems, and am working on a long range frequency hopping product using a ARM Cortex M3.  So we got some horsepower here!I've got the the TX FCC Part 15.247 compliant hopping across 60 channels and using an extremely narrowband signal to hit our range requirements. Average message time is 190ms (~50ms pre-amble, 140ms sync word + packet).Product market is USA, so everything is being done to be FCC compliant.It's an odd system because the goal is to simply deliver one single packet and take advantage of the increased transmit limit.   If the system were more bursty, I would just start on Hopping Channel 1, and go through all 60.  But we have a very tight latency requirement. We need the system to respond within 300ms of a transmit.  If we loop through all 60 channels, that takes nearly 10 seconds. If we change the bit rate, we won't hit our distance. I've got the RX cycling ~800us per channel to an asynchronous scan of all 60 channel, taking an RSSI read, and than dwelling on the strongest channel.On my desktop, I'm getting about 80% of the packets through.I did some more digging, and it seems like I am getting a lot of ambient noise in the 900MHz range that trips up my detector.  I added an RSSI limit, and that improved the system to about 90% of the packets.But this is simply on my desktop!  From my experience I know this system isn't going to go far, this narrowband signal blends into the noise floor quickly but somehow the receiver is so sensitive it goes quite far (800 meters +). I have thought about averaging the noise floor which might help (take your pick simple moving average or something more microcontroller friendly [I'm more of an 8 bit guy, so I have to see if the M3 really needs an MCU friendly scheme).System mechanical really are one unit is TX, and one is the RX.  So I haven't really digested a re-transmission scheme yet.  The latency timing probably wouldn't work from a user perspective either.Has anyone tackled a frequency hopping scheme like this?  Any ideas how to mitigate the amount of 900MHz noise out there but still get our signal through?
How much input voltage is required to get 12v from LM2596? I am trying to run WiFi router from a 12v lead acid ups battery. To get a stable 12v output from the battery I used LM2596. Problem is output is always 8.28v-8.50v. No matter how many times I spin the potentiometer out put is 8.28v. Is this a wrong approach to get stable 12v dc from a 12v lead acid battery? 
Current sense amplifier for high voltage (100-150V) low current (20 mA) application I have an application where I need to measure the current on a relatively high voltage rail. The problem is that the current on the rail is quite low, only about 20 mA. Because of the high voltage, high side sensing isn't an option. Has anybody got any experience with low side current sensing in high voltage, low current applications? Which current sense amp would you suggest/how would one go about this? Thanks,Peter
How to make a constant current sink in the pA-nA range I am tasked with making a constant current SINK for a testing device. It must outputs 4 separate values, -10pA -100pA -1nA -10nA. I need the current to last for at least 10-20 seconds, preferably up to 100 seconds if possible. These current values are very small so I won't be able to use a simple current mirror with transistors. The reason I need to make this device is it needs to be much smaller than a test bench instrument, think handheld, and only needs to work for those specific current values. I also do not know the load, this is a source, it shouldnt matter?So far, all I have come up with is to use a voltage ramp to charge a capacitor (Ic= C dv/dt) so it can output the current. I would use a mechanical switch to change the capacitance value so the ramping time stays the same and the current can be changed  between the 4 values. The waveform would need to be a sawtooth so as to ramp back up in ~1 second. I don't know how to make a sawtooth or really any voltage ramp myself and need it to be linear so as to get the proper current from the cap. Please give me any suggestions and ask questions about whatever else I forgot to tell you, I'd like to figure this out soon. EDIT: hopefully its a bit more clear
Can I use a 3.3V linear regulator to level shift a 5V square wave down to a 3.3V square wave? I have an output of a comparator that is a 5V square wave. Can I feed that square wave into a 3.3V regulator to get a 3.3V square wave? The 3.3V regulator I have is the LP2950.
Phase Shift Keying: Is it ever actually used? during my course in digital communications Phase Shift Keying is talked about where the modulation consisted of altering the phase of the carrier signal. This process takes up a lot of spectrum so I am wondering, is it ever actually used in wireless communications?Or when PSK is talked about, is bandlimited PSK implied which amounts to QAM with a circular constellation? 
Electrical apliances overheating when receiving LESS voltage I've been wondering for a while now, why do some electrical appliances overheat and burn out when you lower their incoming voltage? Shouldn't the less voltage mean they receive less current, and less current should mean less heat?For example, I have a LED lamp, which when run through a dimmer burns out its LEDs.
Choosing proper wire gauge I have a machine (a machine with seven three-phase motors) with this information on its nameplate:<blockquote>  3 Phases        400 V, 50 Hz    100 A, 40 kW</blockquote>I am wondering:Is 100 A for all three phases or only for one phase?What does it mean by 400V? Line to line voltage? Or the phase one?Is 40 kW the maximum power consumption? Or I should consider the reactive power and provide a larger power source such as 50 kVA? Also is it for all phases?What size of wire should I choose?   Edited:<br>5. How was the power, 40 kW, calculated? 400V x 100A = 40kW? So what about P = sqrt(3) * VL * IL?Environment: My machine has 7 three-phase motors. Local electricity line: 220V, 50Hz, each phase.
Powering inverter gate needed for enabling a DC-DC converter I'm designing a plugin card that's powered at 12V from the main board. Now, I need a 3V3 and a 2V5 voltages on the card, so I'm using two buck converters MUN12AD03-SH (I'm supposed to use this specific converter, so I can't change that).The signal for enabling the converters comes from the main board and is active-low  (I can't change that as well), while this the converter's enable is active-high, therefore I'll have to use an inverter gate.So the question is what's the wisest way to power this inverter gate if the DC-DC converters aren't enabled yet (only have 12V)? I wasn't able to find a 12V tolerant inverter gate. Can I use a voltage divider as the inverter gate won't draw big currents? Or should I use another buck or LDO or something else?
UART Data Transfer Across Modular Boards I am trying to create a modular system that uses UART to broadcast the same data to each microcontroller that gets added to the system. It could have 3 or it could have 10 modules added to the system.Each PCB module is separated by no more than 1 inch of space (i.e most of the trace length will be running on PCB, the 1 inch is just the jack to make the connection from one PCB to the other). The total length of the system would be about 6ft.What signal protocol would you suggest that could easily be designed onto a PCB system that is modular? RS485 uses twisted pair, which would be difficult to achieve on a PCB from what I can tell. I was considering hooking up all the Rx's of the \"slave\" microcontrollers to the Tx of the \"master\" microcontroller. This would allow instantaneous transmission to all of the slave microcontrollers as needed. I do not intend to use UART to communicate back.What things should I consider in the design? Could one microcontroller output handle the inputs of up to 10-15 microcontrollers? Will I need to add signal boosters?It is important to clarify that these devices will be modular, so virtually identical. I can't have some components on boards 5-6 that aren't on boards 7-8 for example. The speed I hope to transmit at is ideally 1Mbps.
Connection to PCB from VNA I currently intend to measure the Plane Capacitance of a PCB I'm going to build. I do have the measuring equipment (an VNA from R&amp;S) but am unsure how to design the testpoints I am going to use (which connect to the relevant planes). Is there some kind of industry-standard connector type or how would you go about hooking up the equipment to the PCB?  
3 Phase Voltage Imbalance We're trying to setup rotary phase converter, and we're getting some differences in line voltage. The black reads 350 to ground while red and white read 120 to ground. This is all from a 220 input. Red to white reads at 240 volts. Any thoughts on the problem? I don't imagine this is normal.
Inline Voltage Divider - do they exist? I'm looking for a neat off the shelf solution to halving a voltage via a resistor network. Some kind of small module, (probably GND, signal in, signal out) that can be wired inline with a sensor that delivers 0-10V for feeding into a 0-5V ADC.I do NOT want to make my own PCB, enclosure etc. This should be something that can be dropped straight into production equipment.I have tried googling the title desription but nothing comes up. Do such devices exist, and if so what are they called?Thanks for the replies - the term I am looking for is \"precision attenuator\"
Relation between the impedance of speaker and amplitude of sin wave? I have an oscillator producing a sine wave with amplitude 3 V (so it oscillates between +3 V and -3 V). The oscillator is at about 500 Hz. I connected this to an 8 ohm speaker and I hear the sound from the oscillator. I noticed that on the speaker is written 0.5W, so I assume that this speaker can handle at most 0.5 W.I am not sure that I understand how speakers work, but applying Ohms law I see that at 3 V and 8 Ohm, the speaker would draw a current of 3/ 8 = 375 mA. This would mean that the power consumed is P = UI = 3x 0.375 = 1.125 W. The speaker is only rated for 0.5 W, so I assume that I should reduce the amplitude if I don't want to damage the speaker.My question is simply: Did I calculate this correctly?(One of my concerns is if I can apply Ohms law since the voltage isn't constant. Could I possibly just add a resistor in series with the speaker to increase the impedance?)
Atmega naming scheme (324p vs 328p) I am looking into AVR chips (big fan) for a personal project. I need capabilities similar to Arduino Uno, so I recently compared Atmega 328p and Atmega 324p.To my surprise the 324p has significantly more features and on-board hardware than the 328p. To me, higher model number == more powerful/more features product, so discovering this slightly confusing me.Could anyone explain to me why Atmel chose such weird convention for naming their chips? I know this is not a big deal, but for the future reference I would like to know how to choose AVR MCU's for my needs properly (their buyers guide is not very helpful).edit: the 328p consumes twice less amount of power, so is it all down to smaller, less power hungry product?
Emulating an SD-Card with a microcontroller (or Raspberry Pi) some background to my story to begin with: I went to a store and asked for a bluetooth fm transmitter for my car and the guy sold me something that only plays from an SD card and I didn't even bother to check it. So I'm sitting here trying to hack it into playing audio from bluetooth. I thought that it would use an ic to read from the SD and export audio into another ic that sends the sound to the fm antenna but as it turns out it uses a single ic for everything (even for driving the little LCD screen). So I thought that I could emulate an SD card with a microcontroller or even better a RaspberryPi and dynamically change the contents of the \"SD\" on the go. I remembered that when I was trying out online streaming sound my software created an mp3 file that continued writing the currently streaming audio and in that way it kept playing. So if I could \"stream\" a file like that into the emulated SD card and have my little FM transmitter play it I could actually create a little radio station for my car.Is something like that possible? How could I emulate an SD?
Which type of capacitor to use for matching the data sheet? I want to choose decoupling capacitors for some microcontroller peripherals, which in their data sheets only specify some capacitans. Since you have quite a choice of passive components and the data sheets not always specify which type to use (ceramic, some electrolytic, aluminum or tantalum) I feel insecure.The data sheet says to use a 1uF and a 0.1uF cap. I feel sure that the 0.1uF one could be a ceramic. But could the 1uF be one to? I want to operate at 3.3V will a 1uF ceramic cap lose to much capacity to make the recommended 1uF. And is a 0402 cap as good as a 0603 for the same capacity?Thank you for any help!
Designing a 2S Li-ion charger with 5V 2A input I'm interested in designing a few similar charging circuits based on the specs of the title which is getting a charging for 2 cells in series(or more) from a 5V input.Now my question is:Assuming I can easily boost the voltage up what should I consider in the actual charging circuit in term of max safety?(Assumming I also have a BMS installed in this pack) and having other useful example circuits for multi cell charging would also be useful.Thanks for helping!
Can I replace an ER107 for an IN4007 or IN4005? I am trying to repair a Power Supply where 2 resistances and one diode got burned, that diode was a ER107.I was looking at the datasheets and the things that change are the Forward Voltage, Peak Voltage and DC Blocking. I dont know if I can use the IN4007 or the IN4005 to replace it or If I shouldn't.
Loudspeaker / Amplifier \"POPP\" sound I have different sound systems here. Some of them share the \"problem\" that they make a \"popp\" sound when I switch them on or off using the front-panel switch. If I accidentally switch off the socket they are plugged in, it's a very loud \"popp\" or more a \"bang\".I know that some audio systems implement a soft-start circuit to overcome that problem. I can hear some relays click a few seconds after I switch the amplifier on, and from that moment on I can hear the music.My questions:1) Does that normal popp after front-panel switching harm the loudspeaker?2) Does an accidental power-off, which causes that \"bang\harm the loudspeaker or some circuits?3) How should one implement a protective circuit?Is it sufficient to set up a delay-circuit which controls some relays on the output of the amplifier circuit, or is it better to do it in \"stages\e.g. first let the supply start, then give power to the amp and in the end switch on the loudspeaker itself?Best wishes and thanks for your time in advance.
noobie question on 3 phase i am renovating a house and the electrician has installed all new wiring ,circuit switches, outlets etc...  so now the electric company has asked if i want 1 or 3 phase.  I told them 3 phase and already paid for that but now i am worried that the wiring already done might be incompatible with 3 phase.  excuse my ignorance but i never could really understand how electricity works.my old system was on a 5 amp meter and it was a given that i would change the meter to 15 amps--so the new wiring is up to spec--   can someone guide me a little on this.  by the way this is in northern thailand
Series inductor to limit motor current? Short question: Would it be possible to use a series inductor to limit the inrush current when switching on (or briefly loading) a DC motor?Longer question: I have a battery-powered motorized toy which for convenience I'd like to run from a power socket instead (to avoid having to recharge and replace batteries).  Currently it uses 4 1.5v batteries and if I measure it in steady state it draws about 0.8A at about 6V.  The way that the toy works is that the motor is usually running continuously with very low load, and occasionally it briefly gets some load on the motor.  I don't know exactly what kind of motor is used, but assume it's cheap and simple.I bought a (cheap) 6V power supply which is allegedly capable of delivering 1.2A, but its current protection cuts in when switching on the motor.  As I understand it (please forgive my very basic knowledge here!) the motor presents an extremely low resistance when it's starting up, and so tries to draw a lot more than its usual 0.8A.  When running from batteries, I guess they have a maximum current that they're able to provide, so everything gets automatically limited.  When the motor is up to speed, its \"effective\" resistance rises due to its motion, and it reaches its steady state of drawing 0.8A.  I expect that when the motor experiences some mechanical load, then the drawn current also temporarily rises, but again the batteries can only provide what they can provide.When it's connected to the mains power supply, the motor tries to draw much more than 0.8A (I'm not sure exactly how much more), trips the power supply's protection and the power supply cuts out.  The motor slows down again, the power supply recovers and switches back on, but then the motor tries to draw too much again and it cuts out again.I've read about \"motor inrush current\" and \"current limiting\" but for this simple toy I'm hoping it won't be necessary to build a custom driving circuit with transistors or mosfets and I can't believe that a temperature-based thermistor solution is ideal (partly because of wasted heat, partly because my intermittent load is not temperature-related).  From what (very) little I know about inductors, it seems that one of those in series would \"fight against\" the sudden change in current and develop a voltage across itself at startup.  So I'm hoping this would temporarily limit the current to say 1A.  In the steady state this voltage across the inductor would drop to zero and it would then act as a pure low resistance, which is exactly what I think I want.It doesn't need to be super-precise or to have a perfectly-flat 1A current limit, it would be fine to curve around 0.9A or 1.1A, but I don't know of an easy way to measure what's going on with a simple DC amp-meter.Could this be the right way to go, or is it too simplistic?  And how would I calculate what kind of inductor would be suitable?
Understanding constant current LED drivers (ac to DC) I am trying to understand the way constant current LED drivers work. Lets say I have a driver with these specs:Description:Power: 18WOutput Voltage: DC 36-63VOutput Current; 300mAInput Voltage: AC 85 - 265VI can attach one LED light (which accepts 300 mA current) of 18 watts or 3 LED lights (each of which accept 300 mA current) of 6 watts each (in series) to the driver and it should work. In both these cases, the output voltage will be 60 V so that power demands are being met. Q1 - Am I right up to this point?Now suppose, I want to use the same driver to power up two 6 watts LED lights. I can still do so by wiring them in series. Output voltage in that case will be 40 V. Q2 - Am I right?Now lets say I want to light up a single 6 W bulb which requires 300 mA. Q3 - What will happen in this case? In order to drive 6 W LED, the output voltage needs to be 20 V but the driver can give output in the range of 36 V to 63 V.
How to amplify RF signal to high enough level for a CMOS downconverting mixer? I've been reading original academic papers on mixers and now a RF textbook and I have been unable to understand a very basic thing, which is how do I get a RF signal, say -65 dBm, at a high enough voltage level for input into a CMOS-based downconverting mixer?  Everything I read shows a LNA blackbox, which is fine and good, but LNAs amplify signals at what, 15-20 dB typically?  How on earth is that even remotely close to activating a CMOS NPN transistor in the mixer with a typical threshold voltage of 700mV?  +15dB gain on -65 dBm doesn't get it to 700mV+.  And chaining multiple LNAs to get it to 700mV+ would destroy the signal with noise, no?I know I'm missing something extremely obvious here so be kind.  I'm just starting out.  I know there's a lot more to downconversion (filtering, etc).  This question is solely about the initial amplification.
How to show a long sentence on character LCD by using bascom? I want to show a long message that going to differ every time and it's 3 lines or less. This message comes from Sim900. I cant show the whole sentence on my 4x20 lcd. how can I print it in several lines?
Number of prime implicants How many  prime Implicants are there, 2 or 3? F(w,x,y,z)=\u03a3(5,7,8,10)+d(9,11,13,15)I am confused if red block will be counted as Prime Impicant or not?
How does the power station compensates for the current that flows down to earth due to domestic body-current faults? I know current flows in a loop and energy is used to move it in a loop. Now suppose we get a single phase AC (220/120V) electricity supply for our home and we have earth connection to prevent shocks from the current that leaks on to the metal body of our appliances.So we have a circuit loop in which current (electron present in the wire) flows from station to house and back to the station (the direction of electron is opposite to that of conventional current flow). Also there are fixed number of free electrons present in this circuit loop.Now consider a situation where somehow current leaks to the body of a appliance and goes to ground instead of returning back to the power station( due to earthing).How is this lost current compensated by the power station which never receives it back ?I was talking about conventional current  so if you talk about electrons I can reframe the question as how does the power station deal with the extra electrons that flows from ground(earth) back to the loop?Note: I know in the real scenario there are three-phase wires from the power station and a local step down transformer steps it down and provides us with 1 or 2 phases which forms a micro loop between the transformer and the house so the situation remains the same (wouldn't it?), although contained to the move loop instead of the giant loop.
Can I replace a battery with a source of the same voltage but different capacity (mAh)? I have a device that has a bad battery and I am trying to find a suitable replacement. There are no replacement batteries for the device so I am trying to put something together myself. The original battery has written on it 3.7 V, 1.41 W. I have found a battery (CR123A) that is 3.7 volts and 700 mAh. Can I safely use it? Also, the original battery has 3 wires - red, white, and black. How would I connect the new regular battery?** It's for my Nest thermostat.
How does carrier frequency and pulse width modulation in a VFD work together to control AC motor speed? There is a lot of online information about this but there is also a lot of contradictory information. What is carrier frequency exactly and does it stay the same or does it vary? I understand the concept of PWM but if carrier frequency stays constant, then how does an AC motor see varying degrees of pulse width in order to operate on a simulated AC signal? I'm just trying to find the truth, in detail, about the relationship between carrier frequency, the speed reference signal, and PWM in order to control an AC motor.
Safe solenoid driver: can I use a slow blow fuse? I'm building a device that uses a microcontroller to control 15 solenoids via a preexisting multichannel DC solid state relay board. When all is working as intended, at most one solenoid will be actuated at a time, and each actuation consists of a 100 millisecond 24V/3.5A pulse.I'm looking for a way to insure that a solenoid won't be overheated even if there's a software fault that causes an output pin to remain high, and consequently cause the SSR to remain open, driving the solenoid. So my question is this: is using a a slow-blow fuse in series with the shared 24V supply a prudent way to protect against burning up solenoids? If so, what specs should I use for the fuse? Should I just take the the I^2 * T value (1.2) and double it?If there's a better way to do this, I'd love to hear it.
Modify my old (1978) car's existing dash light dimmer (10 ohm Rheostat) to control LED replacement globes Firstly my electronics knowledge is limited.I am trying to work out a way to use the existing Rheostat (10 ohm) that is used to dim the instrument lights in my 1978 car. I have changed the globes to 12V dimmable LEDs, but the voltage drop on the dimmer is not sufficient to dim the LEDs. I have tested the LEDs and they are turned off at about 4.5V and are almost at full brightness at 10V.I could use a PWM device with a different trimpot, but I would like to use the existing dimmer switch. I thought maybe an Op amp with a 800mA transistor on the output might work, but I am struggling with that concept. Any ideas or available modification circuitry available?Thanks.
Can N-Channel MOSFETs safely discharge capacitors? Can 3 ganged 120 A rated N-Channel MOSFETs discharge a charged cap dumping 300 A? Will the FETs just explode or can they repeatedly discharge the cap?What specific ratings and characteristics are important to determine if a FET is up to the task?Granted the FET's Vds voltage would slightly exceed the cap voltage rating.
Multimeter shows OL or 0.00 or 1.00. What's wrong? I've got a UNI-T UT33D multimeter that's not working like I want it to, and I'm not sure how to find out what's wrong or if it's salvageable or not. The unit is new, but may possibly have had its battery inserted backwards at some point.I've tried it with two three different batteries, two of which seem healthy when measured by another multimeter, and the third one being new from the store.Resistance readings I can get are as follows:Setting | open | shorted200M | OL. | OL.20M | -0.00 | 1.00 -- battery indication for both200k | -00.0 | 10.0 -- batt. ind. for both20k | -0.00 | 1.00 -- batt. ind. for both2000 | -000 | OL -- batt. ind. for both200 | OL. | OL. and batt. ind.There have been times when the shorted readings have been 243, 24.3 and 2.43 instead.Voltage readings for 20V and 200V DC on a healthy 9V battery are OL and battery indicator.All of the above readings are taken with black lead in COM and red lead in the fused connection.I have checked the following:Battery appears healthyBattery is correctly insertedTest leads are not brokenFuses are okayConnection from test leads to inside fuses is okay
Turning off external sensors with Arduino: MOSFET vs I/O pin For a project, I made an environmental sensor system, consisting of an Arduino Pro Mini 5V (with ATmega328P microcontroller), a data logger module and three sensors.To save power between data logs I used several techniques I read about online, including turning off the power to the sensors using a MOSFET (I used the IRLB8721PbF).    Recently, I started reading a bit more about MOSFET's and turning off external devices with Arduino's, and I  realized that since my sensors only use about 4mA, I could have used the a I/O pin (set to output) on the Arduino instead.As I was curious to see if there were any difference in current draw between the two methods, I tested the current draw when using the MOSFET vs when using the I/O pin to turn the sensors on. When using the MOSFET, the current draw increased with 4 mA when the sensors are turned on, corresponding to the sensor draw. However (!) when using the I/O pin the current draw first shortly increased with 6 mA, after which it settled at a 4 mA increase. These differences would suggest that it is more power efficient to use a MOSFET, even with low current draw apllications. Now my question is (1) why do I see this short spike to 6 mA increase in current draw when using the I/O pin to power on the sensors? (2) And is it more preferable to use a MOSFET even with low current draw applications and why?Another thing related to this: I recently read that a resistor in series with the gate is necessary when using a MOSFET, however I have been using the MOSFET for my application without a resistor and I have had no problems whatsoever for more than 6 months and counting. (3) Could someone explain why it has been working fine for my application? Does it have something to do with the fact I use the MOSFET to switch a low current draw load? Or does it have something to do with the type of MOSFET I am using (the IRLB8721PbF).Lot's of questions, I'm kinda new to electronics...Thanks in advance for taking the time to answer!
Read a value of open circuit or GND I'm trying to make a circuit that have in input a \"not connected\" or \"GND\and the output is a function of input.For example if there is no connection, the outpur is 3.3V. If the input is connected to GND, the output is 0V.I only can use analog elements. I have problems to simulte the \"open circuit\" with ltspiceDo you have ideas?Thanks
Ground and earth layers on PCB I am designing a digital board with USB input and output.Shield of USB is connected to a chassis ground as per USB specs and connected to GND through a R and C in parallelUSB power has a common mode choke inline ( negative going to GND) and then it connects (after CMC) to DGNDMy question is: on a PCB with as many layers as I want , should I make 2 full planes of grounds?  1. GND (only used before CMC on input and after CMC on output)  2. AGND (this is required for sure)Both GND and AGND will be connected to chassis ground. Connection betwen GND and AGND will be using common mode chokes.
time counting at -50\u00b0C I'm designing a small slow control system with ATMEGA2560. This board needs to measure temperature, voltage(0~4V), magnetic field using sensors, and monitor the digital status(High or Low) of some wires. Whenever each measurement happens, then reading should be stored along with timestamp. The accuracy of the timing should be 1ms or better. The data should be kept in a flash memory. The ambient temperature around the board will be between -50\u00b0C and 0\u00b0C. The operating temperature of the MCU, and the sensors that I chose include the range. However, I wonder how to have a good accuracy of the time counting. Can I use a quartz crystal operating at -55 degrees Celsius and consider its ppm value as overall error, or should I use some temperature compensated oscillator?
Why are there current and voltage limits in a DC bench power supply? I have a few questions about bench power supplies.Why does a DC PSU have a low output voltage limit, usually in the range of 18V-24V?Why is there a current limit built into the PSU? My understanding is that the PSU should only supply voltage (i.e. energy to the electrons in the circuit wires) and the supplied current should only depend on the resistance of the wire or the internal resistance of supply or component attached, i.e. a resistor or LED?When we short the terminals of the power supply, why does the output voltage on the supply approach zero? If there is no component attached, shouldn't there be zero voltage drop across the terminals, leaving the output voltage the same as if the output was not shorted?
How long can a brand new PCB last before additional protective coating is required if any? I have just made several PCBs for a large project using the photoresist method. (I ran the boards through sodium silicate developer then through ferric choride) I then rinsed off all chemicals and dried the boards.I believe there is some chemical electronic stores sell (conformal coating? I don't know) that would protect the circuit board from any sort of corrosion (which can include introduction of open circuits).I know the next steps are to drill holes and solder components in, but after that process is complete, how long can I leave the board like that before it is absolutely necessary to add some sort of protective coating to it?I want my board to last forever but at the same time, I don't want it to corrode (or have traces break up) as the years go by.
GPS L5C Differential? Max Update Rate(bits/s|Hz)? The differential GPS chips use L1 and L2C to calculate the ionospheric interference. With the new GPS satellites, the new band L5C is being deployed, and I am wondering about the following things:Will L1 and L5C be used as new type of differential ionospheric error correction? Could L1 use both L2C and L5C as a kind of double correction at the same time? (Would it even be necessary or make sense, or are they still testing this and I\u2019m getting ahead of myself)Separately, could L1/L5 produce superior differentiation to L1/L2?I\u2019ve been reading documentation and cannot seem to grasp what the new nav data rate for L5C signal is (per each SV). Is it still the same 50Hz of L1 and L2, or is it 25Hz, or is it 100Hz? Whats throwing me off is the following line: \u201cThe 50 bit/s data is coded in a rate 1/2 convolution coder\u201dWhat update rate do the SBAS SV\u2019s transmit? Is it also 50Hz?
Calculate battery duration Maybe this is a trivial question, but I am struggling with it for a while.I have an alkaline AA battery which is consuming 80mA for 8 seconds each 30 minutes. I need to calculate how many days it will last before reaching 1.1v. I know it depends a lot on the battery type, but let's say it is a Duracell battery.I have problems in calculating the \"average\" consumption per hour, as the battery is drained for just 8 seconds (80mA) each 30 minutes.Thanks for any help.
Why does an Instrumentation Amplifier need a reference? I am working with the INA826EVM board and I am wondering why it needs an additional op-amp for a reference in the Instrumentation Amplifier?
Voltage regulator with heatsink gets overheated First of, I'm sorry if I'm using the wrong terms or if I'm pointing out something that is obvious to most, this is not my profession, it's only a hobby.I have an input voltage of 12V 5A which is needed for a water pump. I'm trying to use the same source too drive a Raspberry PI Zero W together with a bunch of sensors. To lower the voltage to 5V I'm using a voltage regulator, L78S05CV, which I had lying around. It should be able to give me 2A but currently I'm only needing about 0.27A.The voltage regulator has a heatsink with a thermal resistance of 29 \u00b0C/W and the regulator has a thermal resistance from junction to case of 5 \u00b0C/W (Rthj-a of 50 \u00b0C/W). The regulator dissipate around 1.89W ((12 - 5) * 0.27), which would mean around 64 \u00b0C ((29 + 5) * 1.89). Assuming an air temperature of 25 \u00b0C it should end up at around 90 \u00b0C. The regulator should have a operating junction temperature of up to 150 \u00b0C.Still I do belive that the regulator gets overheated after some time, I can see a drop in voltage to about 2.5V.I am trying to understand the math here, to see if I need another heatsink with a better thermal resistance or if I should just look at other alternatives.I have read several other responses to similar threads, but too be honest, the answers is a bit out of my league.
I'm planning to put lots of phone chargers on one circuit, how to calculate this This would be primarily for samsung S7 devices.  Would like to be able to charge, say, 256 of them.They will work in groups of 16, trying to design the power flow of this.  Was imagining that each group of 16 would plug into a USB power strip of some kind, and then each group of 16 would link up to another power strip.So, 16 groups of 16.But I think that this will not work on a single 120V/15A power source.  I would like to understand the math involved with how to scale this.It will probably be more like 100 devices at a time, but trying to understand how to calculate this and know what the limits are.
ON/OFF strobing multiple high-power LEDs (500mA+) Goal: I have an application requiring strobing of many (30+) individually addressable, high-power (500mA+) LEDs. Each LED sequentially will be switched ON/OFF at a rate of about 10Hz, switching from one LED to the next in sequence at a rate of about 100Hz. Full ON/OFF would be sufficient, but some means of dimming would be nice.I have three main ideas about how to implement this: A constant-current buck driver (e.g. PicoBuck).A linear voltage regulator / MOSFET approach.A high-amp constant-current driver chip. I have been looking through the Texas Instruments driver catalogues, but I haven't found any multi-channel LED drivers with similar functionality above about 120mA output per channel. So I may need to use a single-channel driver like the TL4242. But if I need to use many single-channel constant-current drivers, how would I go about synchronising them? Could I \"drive these drivers\" with some daisy chained TLC59711 drivers or similar? Is this even vaguely sensible?Is there an obvious chip choice or implementation that I haven't spotted? I'm fine with having a few dozen chips on a breadboard/PCB, if that's the most sensible way to do it.Thanks 
What is the typical value for thickness of via plating? I use PCB tools and sometimes they ask for via plating thickness, what is a value that I can approximate most via plating thickness? What value would you use and why? If I wanted to bound the thickness (min,max) what values could I use?
Degenerate circuit concept and its theoretical and practical implications I came across with the term \"degenerate circuit\" when I was studying solving linear differential equations with Laplace transform. I have learned that a system is called degenerate when the determinant of coefficient matrix (characteristic polynomial) is zero. I've searched a lot to try to understand the concept of \"degenerate circuit\" but I could not fully understand it. Some fragments of what I have searched:Network Theory and Filter Design (Vasudev K. Aatre)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Electric Circuits And Networks (For Gtu) (Kumar K. S. Suresh)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Linear Circuit Transfer Functions: An Introduction to Fast Analytical Techniques (Christophe P. Basso)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My questions are:What is the definition of \"degenerate circuit\"? (I think Basso's book 1st fragment answered it, but I didn't understand)What are the theoretical implications of a circuit being degenerate, in terms of stability?In \"real life\what does it mean to be degenerate? A degenerate circuit, if built, would not work? 
Using SFP modules from a microcontroller I'm interested in having an embedded device send data optically. This is for test and measurement, where having conductive cables is problematic since it will perturb the measurement. The device is built as a prototype now except for the data sending interface.  The data rate requirements are moderate (10-20Mbps one way).  The distance is short, 5-10ft.  This is somewhat power limited, but using 0.2-0.5W for comms is okay.  I looked at IrDA but that seems to be almost completely obsolete, and the data rates are too low (other than the very unavailable UFIR/GigaIR). I also looked at TOSLINK, and that seems to be almost-obsolete, and I can't source fast (125Mbps) transceivers, nor can I figure out how to run the slower 10MBps ones reliably at anything close to their max rated speed. Now, I could hack some kind of completely proprietary UART-over-fiber protocol, or wait for LiFi, or mod some of the really expensive Corning optical USB cables to not have a power conductor... all of these are problematic in various ways. Then I thought, why not just use SFP transceivers on both ends?I have only a very basic idea of what is inside a SFP, and essentially no idea how to talk to it.  Could someone explain to me how to drive a SFP from a microcontroller?  Either (a) a UART-over-fiber using SFP and microcontrollers on both ends, or (b) ethernet using SFP from a microcontroller and regular SFP ethernet device on the other end?P.S. If it matters, the microcontroller is a STM32F446; I would like to stick with STM32 if possible.  The device is battery powered from a 2500mAh lithium ion battery.P.P.S. I can build devices on both sides of the link; the near side would probably have some kind of optical-to-USB-serial converter, if it is not simply ethernet.
How to do IMU and camera \"sensor fusion\" tracking? I have some 50ms latency cameras on hand and an gyro+accelerometer+magnetometer 800Hz IMU. I would like to know how exactly I should do a sensor fusion of such an IMU and camera to fix the positional data from the IMU positional drift. I'm not able to find much resources online.Reason I don't want to go with just camera is the latency of 50ms with it.\u200bThe optical markers for the camera can be LEDs, ORB-SLAM data or AruCo markers which I currently use which add another few ms latency to the camera tracking.\u200bMaybe there is even an existing library or documented implementation I can use?\u200bThank you.
Buck converters I have seen many high watt like 1200 or 1500 watt boost converters and not a buck converter with that high wattage or power rating . I'm planning to make one buck converter (input- 35 volts output-3 to 35 volts current -30amp max and adjustable ) but is there any restrictions to the power of a buck converter or are there any certain limitation to the current it can output.(I dont want to buy any discrete buck converter ic. I intend to use typical pwm chips like uc38xx ,tl494 etc or even opamps)???
Trigger input with varying input voltages Currently I am trying to build a circuit, with the goal of triggering a pin of an ESP8266 from varying input voltages (in the range of 5 to max 15 volts it should get triggered). Also the input should be seperated from the ESP.What I was thinking to do was:Use an optocoupler for the input voltage (currently thinking about the pc817)Calculate the resistor so that min voltage and max voltage would work (current range of the pc817 is 20mA - 50mA, and Voltage Range is 1.2 (standard) to 1.4):15V: (15V - 1,2V) / 0,05A = 276 ohm (already calculated for absolute max current)5V: (5V-1,2V) / 0,02A = 190 ohmSo which resistor should I use to allow 5-15V in this optocoupler? Or is there any better circuit option/better optocoupler that allows something like this to be achieved?
how slow are modelsim free licences? I know in free licenses of modelsim / questa simulations run slower than the full version.But how slow?  will it be 2x 3x 10x faster in the paid version?what about actel/microsemi free version ?
How do MPPT charge controllers curtail the power if the load is less than the solar generation? I am trying to understand how MPPT charge controllers work when the load is less than the solar power generation. Let's assume an off-grid system with battery backup and no dump load. In my understanding, the following situations can happen: solar &lt; load: solar will partially fulfill load requirements, rest will come from the batterysolar = load: all of the load is fulfilled by the solar directly, battery status remains unchangedsolar > load (battery not fully charged): solar will power the load and rest will go to the battery. solar > load (battery fully charged): In this case, the charge controllers curtail the power generation to match it exactly with theload. The excess solar energy is lost in the form of heat.I want to understand how this curtailment happens in actual MPPT charge controllers. Do the MPPT techniques/chips leave the MPPT mode and the operating point of the solar panel is controlled by the current drawn? In that scenario, how does this whole circuit (DC-DC converter) knows how much demand is out there? Is there any implicit feedback loop? I will highly appreciate your detailed response on the question. Please let me know if the question is ambiguous. 
Supercapacitor electric model I am doing a dissertation in Electrical and Computer Engineer which involves supercapacitors. I read the norm IEC/EN 62391\u20131 and the 60384-1 but still I don't have a clear answer for what's the electric model to be used to simulate a ultracapacitor. It seems to be a Series-equivalent circuit. (R_leakage || C ) in series with (R_ESR-L_ESL). But if in case I intend to use this model, I don't seem to find these parameters in the supercapacitor's datasheet, only C and R_ESR. What should I be looking for?
Convert a toggle switch into a momentary response I'm working on a project and I need to use a toggle switch to control a device that expects a momentary signal.What I want is send a momentary pulse when turning it on and off. Ie: swith off to on: positive pulse, switch on to off: positive pulse again.I've got do this with a small arduino-like board but I'm looking for a pure hardware alternative.My knowledge of electronics are quite small. I thought about using an inverter (NOT gate) to detect both latches (low and high) in the toggle switch plus a few more components, but I'm not sure how to design it.Any ideas?Thank you!
127v 60hz TV to 220v 50hz Hi all I recently moved from Mexico to Portugal and brought some electronics I suspect they are multi voltage and multi frequency. But reading the label of a Sony TV I got into doubt if it is or not multi village/frequency.Attached a photo of the label. Can I plug this TV straight on power outlet? My doubt is because in the center of the label says Energy Performance Verified 127v 60hz.Thank you for any advice,Hope it also applies for my Sharp one. Does it?Thanks again
Why does a MOSFET enter saturation? From all my browsing, it has become clear that as drain-source voltage increases, we eventually reach saturation. Mathematically, Vds>Vgs-Vt is the condition we look at.But when I try to understand it logically, we need a reverse bias at Vgs to attract minority carriers from substrate to form a channel. So now that the channel is formed, a drain source voltage gives rise to a current flow due to electrons. It also makes sense that Vds should produce a depletion region at one of source/drain and reduce depletion region.But how would all this relate to channel widths, saturation and everything else that gives rise to saturation?
How can guitar pickups hot leads be wired in parallel without causing current problems? I am looking up wiring diagrams for electric guitar pickups and noticing that the common method for combining two pickup signals is just to have a switch that can optionally have both the hot leads shorted together and routed to the volume potentiometer which then goes to the outputThe pickups use a magnet and a vibrating metal string to generate an electrical signal. Sometimes guitars can combine multiple pickups using a switch that changes which pickup(s) get shorted together and routed to the volume potentiometer.I understand the way to combine them in series, having the ground from one connect to the hot from another, and then the second one is grounded and thus when its hot generates voltage it artificially lifts up the \"ground\" reference for the first one so the total output that goes to the volume knob is the combined signals. This seems like a way to create a passive mixer signal without the need for an op-amp. Incidentally this is how humbuckers work in normal operation (non-coil-split mode) with their magnets being anti-aligned so it cancels noise.What i don't understand is when they are in parallel, if each generates a different voltage and they are shorted together how does that not cause massive current problems. If the hot of the first is generating 1 volt and the second generates 2 volts and their hot leads are tied together wouldn't it cause massive current (since low resistance of copper wire) between the hot of the first and the hot of the second?Someone please explain how shorting these together mixes the signals.
Low-pass Filter with zero drift amplifier Can an auto-zero or chopper amplifier be used in a low-pass filter to remove a high frequency carrier? I am trying to design an active low-pass filter with a 1kHz cutoff and very low DC drift, offset, 1/f noise. The noise needs to be less than 20\u03bcVrms in 1kHz BW and -80dB attenuation is needed at 100kHz. I intend to use a Sallen-key 2nd order Butterworth with a single op-amp. My concern is whether I need to worry about my 100kHz carrier (that I am trying to extinguish) beating against the chopping amplifier modulator to produce more low-frequency artifacts in my 1kHz pass-band, or that higher frequency intermodulation products could alias when I digitize. Would I be better off using a passive filter and dealing with any residual aliasing of the 100kHz carrier digitally?My power supply will be \u00b15V and the output will drive a single ended \u01a9\u0394 ADC.
Low-pass Filter with zero drift amplifier Can an auto-zero or chopper amplifier be used in a low-pass filter to remove a high frequency carrier? I am trying to design an active low-pass filter with a 1kHz cutoff and very low DC drift, offset, 1/f noise. The noise needs to be less than 20\u03bcVrms in 1kHz BW and -80dB attenuation is needed at 100kHz. I intend to use a Sallen-key 2nd order Butterworth with a single op-amp. My concern is whether I need to worry about my 100kHz carrier (that I am trying to extinguish) beating against the chopping amplifier modulator to produce more low-frequency artifacts in my 1kHz pass-band, or that higher frequency intermodulation products could alias when I digitize. Would I be better off using a passive filter and dealing with any residual aliasing of the 100kHz carrier digitally?My power supply will be \u00b15V and the output will drive a single ended \u01a9\u0394 ADC.
The fields and waves associated with a transformer Induction in a transformer happens via a fluctuating magnetic field in coil A inducing a voltage and hence current in coil B. An electric field is associated with a fluctuating magnetic field. Is the electric field at right angles to the magnetic flux lines?Is this magnetic field actually an electromagnetic wave? What part, if any, do electromagnetic waves/fields have in the operation of a transformer? Do electromagnetic waves travel down the wire?
common mode choke and derating vs current I have a CMC that has is rated at about 1kR at 100Mhz at 3AHowever my circuit uses only 1A. Do I need to derate my inductance since there is less current flowing through it ?
Why the earth attracts charge and where does the charge go when it goes into ground? Self-explanatory question but to add what I know, by this I will also know if I am right or wrong.<br>I read somewhere that Earth is positively charged, but is not the state (whether positive/negative) of a body relative to the near body/object. If Earth is positively charged, why is it so? Is there any negative charge around it which helps Earth retain it's positive charge?Also, what happens to charges that flow to the ground ?
How can I use a comparator in a circuit? I am learning about how to use Operational Amplifiers as comparators. I understand that comparators are used to compare an input signal to a reference voltage. However, I am having a hard time visualizing this. Say that I wanted a comparator with a reference voltage of 0 V (therefore, the output will be either positive or negative depending on whether the input signal is positive or negative, respectively). How could I draw a circuit like this?I hope my question is clear.
Graphical method for obtaining waveshape of current I was doing exercises of the book Electrical Engineering Fundamentals by Vincent Del Toro. Then I saw this question.The voltage waveform shown in fig is applied separately to a pure capacitor of 1 F and to a pure inductor of pure of 1 H. Carefully sketch the current waveshape for each circuit element over the specified time interval. Hint : A graphical approach may be found easier than an analytical one.The problem I have is that I am able to solve it only by the analytical approach, then I plot the graph. I can't think how a direct graphical approach can be applied. I will be grateful for your help.
How to rinse container used for ferric chloride etching? From what I have gathered online, after etching one stores the \"used\" ferric chloride (more specifically FeCl2 and CuCl) in some container which can then be taken to a waste disposal facility.What about the equipment you use? For example the container in which the PCB is soaked in? Can you rinse this container out in your sink? Or are you expected to use a new one each time and take the old one to a waste disposal facility?What about rinsing the board itself? Can you rinse it out in your sink (white porcelain, stainless steel), backyard? Or are you supposed to rinse it  and keep the contaminated water to later take to a waste disposal facility (along with the container that held the rinse water)?What do people do? This part is glossed over in every tutorial on PCB etching using ferric chloride that I've come across =/
How to rinse container used for ferric chloride etching? From what I have gathered online, after etching one stores the \"used\" ferric chloride (more specifically FeCl2 and CuCl) in some container which can then be taken to a waste disposal facility.What about the equipment you use? For example the container in which the PCB is soaked in? Can you rinse this container out in your sink? Or are you expected to use a new one each time and take the old one to a waste disposal facility?What about rinsing the board itself? Can you rinse it out in your sink (white porcelain, stainless steel), backyard? Or are you supposed to rinse it  and keep the contaminated water to later take to a waste disposal facility (along with the container that held the rinse water)?What do people do? This part is glossed over in every tutorial on PCB etching using ferric chloride that I've come across =/
How does flyback converter with two MOSFETs work? This is the schematic.Both switches are in phase (On and Off at the same times). When both SW are On, current flows through primary transformer coil, entering from the top side of it, and leaving through the dotted side, finally going to  the ground through the lower switch. Diode on the secondary does not conduct (reverse biased). Energy is being stored in the magnetizing inductance - an inductor parallel to primary coil of transformer (integrated part of transformer, not shown in the schematic drawing). Output of the converter is energized by output capacitor.When switches are off, magnetizing inductance provides magnetizing current that enters primary windings of the transformer through the dotted side, and is transferred to the secondary side in such a way that current leaves the dotted side of the secondary, and the diode is forward-biased. If this is correct, the question arises about the two diodes on the primary side, how do they turn on? When switches are abruptly turned off, leakage inductance (inductance in series with the transformer), will oppose quick current drop, and will induce a voltage of same polarity as input voltage in order to slow down current decrease. This voltage can be quite large and can damage MOSFETs. Finally the question: How exactly do those two diodes turn on? MOSFETs are turned off by external gate-driving circuit, and they will instantly go Off (open circuit). Then how will lower diode draw current, from where? Then, where this current goes, where is it dissipated? Thanks
Common collector effect of emitter resistor on output impedance I've been trying to figure out why the expression for output impedance in a common collector configuration contains a parallel Re emitter resistor.Looking at the classic circuit, it looks as though the Re resistor is not part of the seen output impedance (similar to the way it isn't in a common emitter configuration)I'm a rather elderly person who has decided to take on myself to self-study analog electronics - so I would appreciate if someone more experienced and knowledgeable could enlighten me about this issue.Thanks,   Sefer.
Induction heater Please help me out. I am totally confused. I am searching over the internet many times but failed.My question is:Doe inductor coil (chock) decide resonance frequency of induction heating coil, when connects to the center tap of heating coil? If yes then how to decide the value for choke and heating coil. Which of them should be greater than the other. I tell you that what I understand... If I am incorrect then please correct me. I understand from internet and youtube that resonant frequency in induction heater is the frequency at which heating coil switches the current.it may be from several Hz to kHz and MHz. And if we can calculate resonance frequency from heating coil and capacitor, then what the choke coil is doing there connected at center tap of heating coil.
Which is the most accurate temperature sensor in the market? I have been working on a project requiring very accurate and precise measurements of temperature, of the order of +-0.1 degrees Celcius (or the closest to this), I have been using a LM-35 and as expected, the results weren't great, specially horrible for my application. Can anyone suggest me any good temperature sensor, I was thinking about the Bosch BME-280, but later learnt it is primarily for humidity and pressure measurements and might not be accurate enough for my application.I have also tried DHT11/22 series, but it was worthless too.I have not tried ds18b20 yet, is it recommended?Edit 1: The measurement is to be made in the range of 36.5-37.5 degrees Celsius, accuracy of the order of +-0.1 degrees Celcius is desired.Edit 2: I know basic programming with Arduino, but have never calibrated a sensor before.
Connecting a 48 V battery to a grid tie inverter I am working on a grid tied wind system project. I am planning to use a battery in the system which will be the source to the grid-tie inverter. Also the battery will be used only as a source to the grid-tie inverter and will not be used for back-up. So, the connection is as follows:Wind generator (2 kW AC) ----> Rectifier/charge controller ----> 48 V, 5 kWh Battery ----> Grid-tie inverter ----> GridWill a grid tie inverter be able to take input from a 48 V battery?Is this type of connection feasible?Any guidance is much appreciated. Thanks
10MHz Sine Wave Generator I have been looking for some time for a good design for a ~10MHz sine wave generator, with variable frequency from about 5-20MHz. The max required peak to peak amplitude is 10V. Many suggestions on the internet include using DDS such as AD9833, however, that feels like overkill for what I need. I have also seen a similar question to this, however, their application requires an extremely wideband (1-200MHz).I am using this as a Local Oscillator, which I am mixing with an error signal.Preferably, I would like to use a simple, cheap circuit design involving op-amps, with &lt;5% distortion. However if there is a better design, I am all ears.
Stepper Motor acceleration profiles for short runs I've done a fair bit of reading on stepper motors and acceleration.I had to wade through a lot of different strategies with a lot of calculations, including one which called for several candles, and \"A maiden of virtue pure\" Which while interesting, seemed impractical (Not enough space on the Arduino)Basically they all boil down to this:\"Accelerate using some type of ramp, run at speed, then decelerate to stop\"All good. Accelerating will get the load moving, and smooth deceleration will get the load to stop at the (hopefully) correct position.My issue is this. All of the reading I've done so far seem to have the assumption that the distance to travel will be enough to accommodate all three phases of travel. ie Accel, Coast at speed , Decel.I've not found much discussion on how to handle very short distance situations.For example, moving only two steps will not, can not possibly have enough distance to go through all three phases. step - step - done.While that particular example seems to be simple enough to solve, what are the best ways of determining if deceleration is required, and if so, when?At what point do I determine that some sort of deceleration profile will be needed to get the stepper to stop at the required position without overshooting.So after a whole bunch more looking, and reading and getting confused I decided on the simplest solution.I stayed with a trapezoidal/triangle profile.Essentially I determined the distance a constant acceleration ramp would use to get to speed. If the acceleration distance was greater than half of the total distance to travel, I accelerate for only half the total travel distance and not worry about getting to max speed. Because I decided to use a symmetrical approach, the decel part took care of itself.The equations I utilised are essentially the ones posted by Chuck, although the addition of different acceleration and deceleration rates he uses gives me food for thought.Many, many thanks to all who contributed.
Stepper Motor acceleration profiles for short runs I've done a fair bit of reading on stepper motors and acceleration.I had to wade through a lot of different strategies with a lot of calculations, including one which called for several candles, and \"A maiden of virtue pure\" Which while interesting, seemed impractical (Not enough space on the Arduino)Basically they all boil down to this:\"Accelerate using some type of ramp, run at speed, then decelerate to stop\"All good. Accelerating will get the load moving, and smooth deceleration will get the load to stop at the (hopefully) correct position.My issue is this. All of the reading I've done so far seem to have the assumption that the distance to travel will be enough to accommodate all three phases of travel. ie Accel, Coast at speed , Decel.I've not found much discussion on how to handle very short distance situations.For example, moving only two steps will not, can not possibly have enough distance to go through all three phases. step - step - done.While that particular example seems to be simple enough to solve, what are the best ways of determining if deceleration is required, and if so, when?At what point do I determine that some sort of deceleration profile will be needed to get the stepper to stop at the required position without overshooting.So after a whole bunch more looking, and reading and getting confused I decided on the simplest solution.I stayed with a trapezoidal/triangle profile.Essentially I determined the distance a constant acceleration ramp would use to get to speed. If the acceleration distance was greater than half of the total distance to travel, I accelerate for only half the total travel distance and not worry about getting to max speed. Because I decided to use a symmetrical approach, the decel part took care of itself.The equations I utilised are essentially the ones posted by Chuck, although the addition of different acceleration and deceleration rates he uses gives me food for thought.Many, many thanks to all who contributed.
USB type-c power supply (up to 20V 5A) from DC source I have a custom made 5s power bank (30 x 18650 cells) and I want to make a power supply to charge my laptop using this power bank. It's not a big deal to make a 5V charger because I just have to hard wire a 5V step down regulator and it will work, but what about higher voltages? Of course, I can use a standard AC power supply and connect it using a car power inverter, but efficiency in this case will be quite low. I tried to find such power supply/controller on aliexpress or ebay, but it looks like only 5V versions are available. What is the best/easiest way to do it?Thank you!
How can I use Charlieplexing with common anode RGB LEDs? I've an ESP32-based dev board (LoLin32) which has 26 digital I/O pins. I want to connect 25 common anode RGB LEDs to it. Connecting them in the 'normal' way would require 75 I/O pins, which I don't have ofcourse. I've heard that you could use Charlieplexing to connect n*(n-1) LEDs to n pins, but I don't quite understand how I could use Charlieplexing with common anode RGB LEDs.Edit: it doesn't neccessarily have to be Charlieplexing, other solutions are welcome too. I know about WS2812-ish things, but that's something I wanted to avoid.
Closed current loop control without H-Bridge, PWM I am trying to find a way how to control the Voice Coil Motor (VCM) or PMSM motor with a closed current loop without the use of an H-Bridge &amp; PWM. Does anyone know how to make an analog closed current loop control without PWM and H-Bridge?I heard that the closed current loop was the last from the cascade control scheme to be digitized and I'd like to compare the performances of analog versus digital one.Thanks for any help or nudge in the right direction! 
Can I use a Step-up Power Converter with Arduino instead of a Relay? I want to make two projects that use a 12v input, a solenoid valve and a electrical lock. Both need a 12v current to work. I've seen some exemples for both projects that use a relay and an Arduino to activate mechanisms that need more than the 5v Arduino\u00b4s output. I was wondering, however, if I could use a Step-up Power Converter connected directly to Arduino\u00b4s Digital Pin. Is it possible? And is it safe?
Capacitance decay of SMD ceramic capacitors I want to use a 330nF X7R ceramic capacitor for an analog circuit.Obviously the capacitance value is very important for the correct working of the circuit.I haven't found on the datasheet if these kind of capacitors has an important capacitance decay during time. For example, does the capacitance decrease after 1000 hours of usage?
Capacitance decay of SMD ceramic capacitors I want to use a 330nF X7R ceramic capacitor for an analog circuit.Obviously the capacitance value is very important for the correct working of the circuit.I haven't found on the datasheet if these kind of capacitors has an important capacitance decay during time. For example, does the capacitance decrease after 1000 hours of usage?
How to split up voltages I want to power up bluetooth receiver module (input voltage 3.7) and audio amplifier module which accepts only 2.4 - 3.7 voltage, exceeding which already burnt the IC. So i got new one. I'm having 2 x 4300mAh 18650 battery which gives 3.7 voltage each. When i connected both batteries in series and connected both modules in series, (i thought the voltage will split up, but as i already mentioned, it burnt the amplifier(PAM8403) IC). Since i'm very new to electronics, i somehow figured out resistor (V=IR) will do the job but i don't know how to calculate the required resistance.
How to split up voltages I want to power up bluetooth receiver module (input voltage 3.7) and audio amplifier module which accepts only 2.4 - 3.7 voltage, exceeding which already burnt the IC. So i got new one. I'm having 2 x 4300mAh 18650 battery which gives 3.7 voltage each. When i connected both batteries in series and connected both modules in series, (i thought the voltage will split up, but as i already mentioned, it burnt the amplifier(PAM8403) IC). Since i'm very new to electronics, i somehow figured out resistor (V=IR) will do the job but i don't know how to calculate the required resistance.
What are the limitations of the USB Composite device I am looking at coding a USB device that is capable of encapsulating two USB devices. I would like to create a HID keyboard with a single extra USB port. A mass storage device would be connected to the port.I was wondering, would I be able to program the keyboard to register it as a composite device encapsulating the mass storage and the keyboard?My current thought process is to declare the keyboard as having 2 interfaces. I was thinking of simply copying the USB commands from the mass drive into one of the interfaces of the keyboard. Is this possible?If this is incorrect thinking, please let me know what the data formatting of the interfaces is suppose to be. Thank you.Also, this is for educational purposes to expand my knowledge of USB. 
How are op-amp gain vs frequency response curves generated? I have been wondering this for a while. When we look at the electrical characteristics of a device such as an opamp there is a gain versus frequency plot. I have couple of questions regarding measurement of frequency response in practice:1-) How is an opamp's frequency response obtained in reality/on bench? Do they sweep or measure the output voltage for each frequency input and obtain the plot? Or do they apply an impulse or step input to the input, obtain the response and do the math and plot the frequency response?2-) If they do the sweeping freq. method but not the impulse or step input method; where is the second one used in practice? I mean is the step input or impulse input used in any case in the engineering world to obtain the frequency response? Or are these only used on paper(mathematical modelling or simulations)?
turning off an ATX-PSU Converting an ATX PSU to a bench supply i found out how to start it by shorting the green wire to ground with a Push-button, and that I have to place a minimum load (preferably on the rail with highest amp rating) to keep it running.What I want is another Push-button to shut it down again.(I don\u00b4t want to use a on/off switch between green and ground, I also dont want to use the on/off switch on the back of the PSU)How does a mainboard turn off the PSU? does it simply disconnect all loads? if so, how can I achieve this for all rails (3.3, 5, -5, 12, -12) with a single Push-button?
Dropping 50VAC to 10VAC-20VAC I am installing a Ring door bell.  At the old intercom I have 50VAC currently (NO other source).  According to the manufacturer I need between 8VAC and 24VAC.  My question is what resistance (resisters) would I need to reduce the voltage?The input is 50vac, I can NOT get a source of 120vac. Could I go with a regulator that has a steady 12vac output instead?  Just not sure it can take the 50VAC input. I am located in California. Thanks!!!
12V potentiometer I am trying to control the power of a vacuum pump using a 10k potentiometer with 12v as its input source. I've tried wiring it (with the know facing you)with the first lead as ground, second one being the output of the pot and the last one being the 12v input but when I go to measure the voltage of the output it reads 0 volts, is there a different way I need to wire this, I've tried on 2 individual pots so I doubt it is a defect.
Add constant DC voltage to a variable DC input I'm designing a PCB and I need a voltage rail, roughly 3 volts above the main input (of 3 - 30V). This rail is to power some CMOS devices, so it won't need to supply much current.Currently I plan on using 2 AA batteries in series with the input, but those batteries are huge compared to the PCB so I want to get rid of them. I have searched for multiple solutions, but none match my requirements:Charge pumps probably won't work, because of the big voltage change in the input.Boost converters deliver a steady voltage, but I need an addition to the input.I have looked at isolated DC/DC converters, but these usually run on 5V or higher, or they are too expensive.Do you have any ideas?EDIT: I don't necessarily need a higher voltage. I need a stable 5v from the input. I'm not willing to use a buck boost converter, since that will take up too much space.
Do full charges and deep discharges wear the battery because of terminal voltage? A mobile phone battery charged to indicated 100%, which is not being charged at the moment, might have the same terminal voltage as if it is being charged at 2A while being at an indicated capacity of 70%.A deep discharge (terminal voltage below 2.5V) is said to cause a harmful chemical reaction in a lithium-ion battery.If a battery is shorted out in a way the voltage drops below 2.5V, does that have the same harmful effect?And does a battery wear out because of terminal voltage or capacity if fully charged?If it is because of terminal voltage, fast charging stresses the battery in the same way an ordinary full charge does.
Single tone signal generation at microwave frequency with best phase noise and spurious performance What is the best way to generate a single tone signal with best phase noise and spurious performance?Is frequency multiplication the best way? single stage multiplication or multi stage multiplication?I want to produce a single tone 6 GHz signal with a 100 MHz Sine Wave OCXO by multi stage multiplication.For best phase noise and spurious performance what issues are important to notice?Best Regards.Thanks.
What happens if you manually turn a moving DC motor the opposite way If I have a brushed DC motor moving at a slow speed, and I apply a force to it in the opposite direction, enough for it to rotate the other way, does this damage the motor?I have a steering wheel connected to the shaft of the motor.I'm trying add resistance to the steering wheel when it turns, and this was one idea. 
Why are cell towers so high? Why do cell towers need so much height? Does the height increase antenna gain because it may provide directionality?
adjustable trapezoidal waveform I would like to buid a trapezoidal (waveform) with the following specs :rise time : 10nsVTop : 1VtTop: 40nsfall time: 15nsLinearity is importantFrequency max : 10kHz Load is has a very high impedance (Op amp input)I was planning to make a sawtooth first and then clip off the tops. (diodes to have different rise and fall times)But  I would like to make the rise and fall time adjustable.so, I would appreciate if someone could help me to find a more elegant and simple approach?
AVR regulation brushless vs. brush alternator I am currently looking for an AVR for a brush alternator. Today, brushless alternators seem to be more common and so is the supply for AVRs to work for brushless alternators.My assumption is that the basis principle of an AVR is to sense alternator output voltage and to adjust excitation power.So what is the difference in design principle of an AVR for a brush vs. brushless alternator?
Best battery to power a Microcontroller outdoors I live in a place where the temperatures can range from -20\u00b0C to +40\u00b0C in different seasons. I need to power a small micro-controller that uses very low energy with a solar panel and a battery. Which kind of battery is more suitable for this work? It must have the following characteristics:It should resist to temperatures from -20\u00b0C to +40\u00b0C.It's not important to store a lot of energy, 500mAh will be fine.It should output at least 5V. If less I will have to put two or more batteries in series.It should not require maintenance.It should live for a decade or more.It will be pretty always charged since the solar panel will be directly connected to it (or maybe, via software, I can make some cycles of charge/discharge).which battery do you recommend?Explanation of the projectI'm following an IoT course at my university, and I'm free to propose a custom project that will be part of the final exam. I thought about a series of small boxes that will allow us to check if a parking slot is free or not. The box will be build with my 3D-printer and it will include: a small solar panel with a maximum power of 9V * 50mA in the best case (size 60x80mm); a battery of at least 500mA that will be charged by the solar panel; a proximity/distance waterproof sensor that will check if a car is parked on the slot; a MCU with WiFi to send data to an other sensor or to a master with a raspberry pi. I will take inspiration from internet for the routing of packets through this \"network\" of boxes. Not all boxes will be directly connected to the master box.... We are already experimenting plastics to build a box strong enough to resist to the wheels of a car. The solar panel will be protected with a non-scratchable piece of plexiglass. Sensors will be cleaned from leaves and earth by rain, by road-cleaners and by the wind. Our roads are very clean. The major problem we are facing is to choose the best battery to be used in this \"extreme\" application. In winter, at night, the temperatures can drop up to -20\u00b0C while in summer, during sunny days, it's possible to reach +40\u00b0C.Finally, we will develop an App that will give you the nearest free parking slot. 
Sizing AC fuse for a DC device I have an enclosure which consists of a power entry module and a 24V DC power supply. So inside the enclosure, the 24V DC power supply is powered by the 230V AC through the power entry module. And this 24V DC power supply will be used to supply/source 3A current to a 8 Ohm load which is a heater.The power entry module for the AC mains side needs fuses to be installed across both line and the neutral.As far as I know I need to install slow blow type AC fuses.But how should I estimate the current rating for the AC power entry module's fuses?
Handlebar heater I want to make Arduino controlled handlebar heater with kanthal wire. Heater should heat up handlebar(left &amp; right grip) up to 30\u00b0C max but I'm not sure how I should calculate required length/diameter/resistance of wire. Heater will be Powered with 12V over IRFZ44N MOSFET.
Mini solar panel not working I have a very basic though unsolvable issue so far, I bought a (shitty) mini solar panel, outputting up to 6V and 1W (166mA), and I cant get it to work with the equipment I have or even measure any current.I do have up to 6V on my multimeter, but I don't see any current output (I plugged the multimeter correctly), is that normal ? Should I use a resistor ? If yes, which resistance would be appropriate ? Could my panel be broken even though it has a potential ?That is the first part of my issue, which may be silly and due to a ridiculous mistake that I don't see yet, but I have more concerning issue. I bought a (shitty) 3-6V DC motor, that I tested and that draws up to 110mA at 6V at max speed, and starts around 3V drawing 50mA. The motor should run at least slowly with a decent insolation of the panel, but there again, nothing.Be kind to a person whose strong point is clearly not electrical engineering !Thanks for you answers.
Filter harmonics in AC power line I run a Toshiba Digital copier machine in my shop and the machine started showing error codes related to power issues a few days ago. This happens randomly during daytime. There were no problems at night time. So I have transported my copier machine to an another place during the daytime and used it for a long time with no errors reported. I have concluded that there is harmonic distortion in the power lines of my shop area. Also, I have noted that there is a workshop near me which uses heavy AC motors. I suspect that they cause the issue in the power lines because of malfunctioning equipment.Is there any circuit that can filter these harmonics which I can build? Will using a UPS fix the problem? I have already complained about this to the power company but there seems to be no action taken by them.
What circuit can be used to match input to output voltage by using an opamp? What is the simple way matching an input voltage range to a desired output range.To be more specific with an example: If I want to convert/match 0V-5V input range to 7V-15V output range linearly, is it possible to do it with an opamp, feedback and a potentiometer ect? I can use a +/-15V dual supply. What should be the topology?
What circuit can be used to match input to output voltage by using an opamp? What is the simple way matching an input voltage range to a desired output range.To be more specific with an example: If I want to convert/match 0V-5V input range to 7V-15V output range linearly, is it possible to do it with an opamp, feedback and a potentiometer ect? I can use a +/-15V dual supply. What should be the topology?
step down 6V to 2V I have a 6v 4.5Ah lead acid battery. I need to step down the voltage to 2V to heat a nichrome wire. The wire need 1.7 A to get heated to required temperature. Any suggestions to step down the voltage?
Memory Addressing How To? I have read some about computer memory and the article said DRAM is mainly made from a transistor to direct the electricity and a capacitor to store them. I don't understand how it fills certain capacitors and leaves some open to create ones and zeros.At first I thought it was just a sequence of electrons and spaces lacking electrons, but I don't see how the next series of electrons after a space would know to skip one transistor and go to the next instead of just filling the first transistor.Then I learned there is a bit line where one means write and zero equals don't write, but how does it know where to write and not write? Why wouldn't the first transistor just process the write or not write over and over?Ok, I'm going to add an example to this. Lets say I had four transistors and capacitors. How would I make the first one a one, the second a zero, the third a one, and the fourth a zero? How does this work?
Light source that withstands extreme conditions I am designing an aircraft obstruction light, and Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) requires crazy requirements for their standards. One standard goes as following (From FAA AC 150/5345-43H):<blockquote>  4.2.2 High temperature test    1... The equipment must be subjected to a constant temperature of +130F (+55C) for 4 hours after equipment temperature stabilization and be operated throughout the test.    4.2.3 Low temperature test    1... The equipment must be placed in a chamber that maintains a temperature of -67 degrees F (-55 C) for shipping/storage requirements and -40 F (-40 C) for equipment operational requirements.</blockquote>Does such a light source exist in this world? Do they have a specific name? My searches on Google was misleading so far, \"military grade led\" led me to torches, \"cold led\" led me to cool-white LEDs.
How much current does an 1602 LCD draw? I want to know how much current a 16x2 (1602) LCD draws when the backlight is OFF and ON?NB: My multimeter is broken.
Do standard 3.5mm plugs short the terminals when plugging or unplugging? I need an inexpensive connector to deliver positive, negative, and signal. I was considering using a standard 3.5mm audio style plug. However, I am concerned that when plugging in the connector, it could possibly short tip to sleeve for example, just from looking at how the jacks are usually constructed.Is this true? Is there a better connector style to use then, something \"hot swappable\"?
PIN diode in RF switching vs. PIN diode used as photodiode From what I understand, there are traditional photodiode components that are designed with PIN diodes, in which the gate is activated by light saturation.  For a PIN diode component made for RF switching applications, the gate is operated by applying a forward bias current.How closely related are these two types of components? For example, if I take a photodiode and fully saturate the sensor with light, would it operate in the same fashion as an RF PIN diode? Would an RF signal be able to pass?
EMC Testing, Radiated Emissions I recently had one of my new rechargeable Lithium Ion products tested (RE pre-compliance scan) and I had a few frequencies (around 150 MHz) pop (7-10 dBuV/m) above the FCC and CISPR limits.I'm not an expert at dealing with EMC/EMI problems by any means, but I am familiar with proper PCB layout/routing practices to minimize the chances of problems. I don't think the PCB is the problem. But lets see what you all think. I can provide images of the layout if needed. I have done some probing using H and E near field probes and a StiCo 18\" VHF antenna to try to pick up some of these harmonics. The fields do not seem very strong in the problem frequencies (+17-20 dBuV/m with the inductor inside the loop of my BeeHive 100C H field probe between 50-150 Mhz). This doesn't seem bad to me (but again, not an EMC expert). The field does have a 500 kHz harmonic, which confirms it's coming from the switcher which runs at that frequency. There's nothing else on the board that generates noise. The measurement drops to zero when moving more than about an inch from the emissions source. I don't pickup anything with the smaller loop probes. I see a (+5 dBuV) E field when probing the switcher and inductor directly. I know it's very difficult to causally link near field measurements into far field results, but would it be safe to deduce from all of this, that i'm probably not radiating out from the PCB? Is there some other way to confirm this?It seems to me like the input wire is my problem. I do not have any other EMI filtering on the board other than ceramic bypass caps. My next step is going to be to do a few more scans using a clip-on ferrite. If that works and gives me good margin, then i'll probably spec out a new AC/DC converter with the ferrite built in. I'm also looking at adding a proper EMI filter to the board, but I just don't think I have enough room on the PCB for those components, so the ferrite seems like my only option. Some notes about the PCB design that I think may be pertinent;PCB is small, 25mmx28mm, 6 layers with very short traces andpower/ground planes PCB is contained within a grounded metal (aluminum) housing that isopen on only one end12V input, 3V output, 2.5A outputMaxim integrated 500kHz switcher capable of 4A continuous output currentThe regulator is very stable and running at 90% efficiency with clean/noringing switch nodeUsing a shielded 5x5mm Coilcraft inductor The system uses a charging cradle base which has a long (1m) wire deliveringinput powerAny input or suggestions would be appreciated.Thanks
Implementing a function using decoder, encoder and some gates Implement the function F(A,B,C,D,E) = A\u2019B\u2019C\u2019DE\u2019+ABCD\u2019E using only the components required from the ones given below:One 3:8 decoder with active high outputs and an active high enable inputOne 8:3 Priority Encoder with input no. 7 at highest priority with one active high enable which if disabled forces the outputs to logic lowOne 2 input XOR gateOne 2 input OR gateOne 2 input AND gateMy attempts:I have noticed that the function has the minterms 2 and 29 - 00010and 11101. I can make the decoder have four inputs using an enable pin (for avariable).Drawing the K-Map doesn't seem to simplify anything.Applying De-Morgan's law doesn't seem to simplify things.Tried using B,C and E in the decoder and A or D in the enable. This provides me with 8 minterms of B,C and E.I am stuck on how to implement it using only these.How do I approach this question(and other such design questions) further?
Analysis of an LC circuit antenna I want to analyse a parallel LC circuit in terms of inputs and outputs as I am studying them in the context of using them as a tuned antenna.However I am unsure of where to identify the inputs and outputs in order to find a transfer function between them. Thinking of the mass on a spring analogy the input may be the applied force and the output is the displacement which becomes very large when the applied force nears the resonant frequency.Is there some kind of equivalent for this circuit?
How to use Antenna to amplify RFID read range? I'm using a RC522 with Arduino to test a RFID application but I want to amplifiy this range to read sort of 1-3m. I don't have experience with this so I want know if this is possible, or other alternative to solve my problem. I found some antennas in the web search, but I not sure if this works like I want.
utilize a single channel to transmit data generated from 16 users (using mux) I have found this question in a book and find it confusing. The question is,For a communication system, it is required to utilize a single channel to transmit the data generated from 16 users. Design a feasible circuit to aggregate the 16 users to a single channel using 4:1 multiplexers. Design a user selection circuit to interface with the above designed aggregation circuit.Please help me get an answer for this with explanation.
7 Segment display driver I came up with the circuit below to drive a single 7-segment display from an Arduino via a shift register (74LS595). Is the circuit correct/good enough or am I perhaps missing something critical in the design? 
How to build a simple transistor switch? How to build the following:A simple Transistor turn-OFF switch.A simple transistors circuit that has its own power source, but when I apply a second alternate power source then it will switch to the second power source. (power sources are two 9V batteries). I don't want to use a relay!
SMD component list for capacitor Being newbie to electronics, I'm unsure which SMD component to choose. I'm trying to build a step down voltage circuit using AMS 1117 (5 v to 3.3 v).I want to know the SMD capacitor component (bypass caps) that I need to put across voltage regulator (AMS 1117). I know my voltage regulator's component ID : REG1117-3.3.I think 10uF and 100uF would suffice across AMS 1117 voltage regulator. Can someone please suggest which to use? EDIT 1: I want to power an ESP 12E using this.
Convert CMOS-level signal to microphone-level (0..3V --> -1..+1V)? I'm building a microcontroller circuit that feeds its output into a microphone input of an audio recorder. The output is a square wave. (Think old-style 3.5mm Square credit card readers).What can I use to covert a signal in the range of 0..3V to -1..+1V? I'm looking for something like MAX232, but with lower voltage levels.I could just use a voltage divider and feed 0..+1V to the audio, but I understand that many audio input circuits use AC coupling and the recorded waveform can have unpredictable DC bias. This is undesirable, since the waveform encodes information in zero-crossings.The question really is about a circuit that can generate negative voltages without a separate negative supply, but for completeness, I can add a few more details. The application is a kind of old-style telemetry format. The data rate is fairly low (~2,000 zero-crossings/second, or 2kbps). The client audio circuit is usually (though not always) a digital recorder. The client records my input and (usually) saves it as a digital sound file. Clients' expectations are that third-party programs can extract original digital information from these files. Sometimes, instead of recording my signal directly, the client feeds my signal into an audio-frequency radio TX (think walkie-talkie) and records the signal from the RX.
CANopen CANmessage blocking Is there a trick to block CAN messages from a specific device?I have to block some of CAN messages of my remote controller so that I can send my CAN messages via my Laptop. Otherwise my messages gets overwritten all the time.Not all the messages should be blocked since the emergency button on the remote controller should be kept.
Recording of sensory nerve evoked potential generated through skin-receptors If we touch / give pressure to a skin, there are many mechano-receptors like meissner/pacinian corpuscles that produce action potential in neurons. I am in a need to detect those action potentials from the skin surface like I give physical stimulus to tip of the finger, then is it possible to record just the spikes whether fired or not in neurons?I mean just the non-invasive circuit which can detect nerve firing and display yes or no.I searched for the last 3-4 months and developed one circuit (instrumentation amplifier + gain stage + filter + surface electrodes), but all efforts in vain. Please suggest me, how to proceed ahead. Is this kind of circuit possible? Or is it (even) available commercially?
Is it feasible to remove non-functional via pads on outer layers During PCB design &amp; manufacture it is common to remove the via annular rings on internal layers where the via is not connected to anything, so called non-functional pad removal.Would it be feasible to remove a non-functional pad on an outer layer? Would this introduce any manufacturing or reliability problems?As a real-world example, I have a 4-layer PCB design with two outer signal layers, and two inner power layers. A BGA chip on the top layer connects to a power layer through a via, and this via takes unnecessary space on the bottom signal layer. Could this pad be removed to reclaim space for better clearance or routing density on the bottom layer?
Is there such a switch? I am looking for a single 12V DC switch which has an on-off-on actuator that will do the following: two 12 volt+ input pins completely separate from each other, each with its own two loads. In other words, when switch is in up position, only ONE power source in with two loads going out. The same would be true for the down position. The two power sources should never share the load together. I am wanting to run two 12V devices from one switch using two separate power sources. I hope this makes sense! :-) Smiles
What should be the sign of the voltage across the inductors while doing circuit analysis? I am not able to understand what should be the sign of the voltage across an inductor while doing circuit analysis. I know the voltage across an inductor is given by -Ldi/dt, when the rate of change of current is increasing,voltage is negative which means its opposing the direction of current and when rate of change current is decreasing,the voltage is positive which means voltage is along the direction of current. But in every book irrespective of the rate of change of current(increasing/decreasing),they are taking the voltage across the inductor to be positive(i.e. v=+Ldi/dt).I dont understand this.I dont think they have applied the same logic here.So would be very helpful if someone could exactly explain whats going on.
Do thermal cutoffs exist that would work with a line that is 40-75V 0.5A and a max temp of ~85\u00b0C? I have a bunch of COB LEDs that I am going to wire in series using an LED driver. The driver gives off between 40-75V and 0.5A max. The circuit should run around 70V and 0.5A.Due to space requirements, I need to locate the driver away from the light casing. Thus, the 70V 0.5A line is the only thing that will be running into the case to the LEDs. I would like to put a thermal cutoff (triggered at around ~85\u00b0C) in the case, but it seems most cutoffs are either AC or DC (but rated for much lower voltage).I've searched Digikey and Mouser but can't find any cutoff that would work. I'm guessing there must be some solution but I don't know enough about various electronics.
Fast attack, slow release envelope detector EE novice here. I want an envelope follower for a +/- 1V audio signal which immediately (i.e. within a couple of milliseconds, ideally) increases to the amplitude of the input signal, then falls off exponentially (with decay rate adjustable by a pot) as long as the input is below the current output value. I know how to make a basic envelope follower with diode, resistor, and capacitor but I believe that will have a slow attack response when the RC time is long. Any pointers for how to approach this?
LM324 with arduino as a differentiator for phototransistor signal I want to measure the rate of change of voltage with respect to time coming out of a phototransistor, and preferably amplify it at same time, as the change is not so significant. But lets just not making it complicated! I am totally a newbie! Is it possible doing it with Rail to rail op amps and arduino? Lm324 can do that?If somebody can provide me with a schematic, it will mean everything to me.Thanx
How to power an Atmega328P and Pi from 12V? I have a bare-bones Arduino (basically an Atmega328P) and a Raspberry Pi 2. I have them communicating with each other over I2C and a 5v/3.3v logic level converter.Right now I power the Pi (micro-usb) and Atmega (5v from FTDI) separately. I have a 12V 6A DC PSU (5.5mm barrel jack) that I would like to use to power both the Pi and the Atmega (and my LED strip lighting).What's a good way to go about doing this? I have a few LM7805 chips on hand if I could use those, but I'm open to ordering new stuff if I have to.Do I convert to 5v from 12v and then use that to power both Pi via GPIO and Atmega or is there current draw issues with doing that?
MOSFET failing test I purchased a repair kit for a TV SMPS.The kit contained 3 identical N channel MOSFETs (K8A50D), among other components.I tested all 3 with a DMM following a number of identical instruction videos. The MOSFETs passed all the test for shorts.All 3 appeared to fail to take a charge from the positive DMM lead to gate and allow drain to source continuity.I find it hard to believe all 3 were bad components but can\u2019t see what I am doing wrong.I assume the DMM is supplying sufficient voltage to meet the Gate to Source threshold.Any suggestions or comments?
How do non contact voltage detectors work on open circuits I\u2019ve seen how people use non contact voltage detectors to check whether or not a socket\u2019s live wire has power. Non contact voltage detectors take advantage of capacitive coupling that occurs in AC in order to figure out if there is power or not. Now, what people usually do is simply stick the detector into one side of the socket (the live side). This part completely confuses me, how is it possible to detect if there is power if the circuit is open? There is no connection from live to neutral which would close the circuit and allow current to flow.Another thing that doesn\u2019t make too much sense to me is that why does it only detect the live wire and not the neutral? When people insert the detector into the neutral side of the socket the detector doesn\u2019t light up. The neutral wire is a must for current to flow, why doesn\u2019t it also detect it?Any help is greatly appreciated.
STM32F105 FSMC Pin assignment How do I assign certain pins to the appropriate FSMC pins? I've looked through the reference manual and the examples, but there's nothing about pin assignment except configuring them as alternate push-pull. If it helps, I'm configuring the FSMC for an LCD interface.Thanks.
2D convolution on 32x32 grayscale image on FPGA using verilog for inference of CNN Hi I am new to the world of convolutional neural networks and would like to implement a 2D convolution operation using the sliding window approach on a xilinx FPGA. The input to the image is a 32x32 image with 2 channel on which 6 kernels of 5x5 is convolved to produce 6 output feature maps. Now assuiming I have sufficient DSPs on the FPGA, how would I parallelise the problem? After doing some research I have understood that we can either parallelise over the input or output feature maps or the kernel or both. For a 5x5 kernel, I would need 25 multiplications and 25 additions including the bias. If I have 25 DSPs operating in parallel, I can achieve this in one clock cycle. Is my understanding of the problem of parallelization correct up to now?Now considering the input is stored in buffers and streamed to my convolution module and weights are pre loaded to the module, how is the sliding window computation performed? I realise I would have to use counters to keep track of the position of the input till the end of the N_W and N_H respectively. There is quite a lot of literature about implementing this using systolic arrays of multipliers but I am not sure I get those. Could someone help me understand a dataflow for the convolution operation?Any help would be greatly appreciated.An eager student. 
What\u2019s the max instant current draw from a Li-Ion protected pack? I\u2019ve been looking for this and couldn\u2019t find the answer so far.What\u2019s the max current that those Li-Ion video camera protected battery packs, as the Sony NFP-550, NFP-970 can handle? I know for instance that the NFP-F550 has usually 2600mAh capacity and 7.4V, but has an internal protection circuit that handles short circuit, over and under voltages and also overcurrent.Is there a limit in current they can supply, even if it discharges faster?Thanks!Edited for correction of decimal points! 
1N5822 schottky diode heatsinking Is the cathode for schottky diode hotter than the anode, as is common for most diodes, or is it reverse polarity? A schottky is a metal-semiconductor junction, with the metal at the anode. So it should be better for heatsinking, even if the cathode is actually larger, right (i.e. reverse polarity in package nomenclature)?I'm specifically interested in the 1N5819 and 1N5822 leaded DO-41 and DO201 package.
\"Creating\" a ground pin for my laptop I am building a sensor using an Arduino connected to a laptop; I noticed that the readout is much more noisy when I use a non-grounded laptop (either running on battery or connected to a power socket without ground prong) compared to when I use my grounded power supply. Some kind of high-frequency noise appears the second I disconnect the grounded power supply.I assume that it is a floating ground problem: all the components are connected to the Earth (including the USB cable ground) - would there be some kind of floating ground in the laptop?Only one of my laptops has a ground prong, and I would like to use the others for the same purpose, so I am wondering if there is a \"canonical way\" to ground a laptop to the Earth. I thought properly grounding the USB cable would be enough, but apparently not...Should I create a ground pin for my arudino laptop?
Can I test if a battery is connected to a circuit? I have a 12 V rechargeable lead acid backup battery that is connected to a circuit. When the battery is not in use there is a constant 12 V applied for charging, and when the battery is in use there is still the 12 V at the input pin. Is there any way of measuring whether the battery is connected, and if it is charging or discharging from the + pin of the battery? This all needs to be put into one circuit so anything bulky will not work.
Connect 3 Lithium Polymer battery with different capacity in parallel I am working on an IoT product with has a total current requirement of 1.3 A at the peak. Due to space constraint, we decided to select Li-Po battery with capacities one with 600 mAh other two with 350 mAh each and the voltage rating is the same 3.7V. to get total 1300 mAh we are connecting them parallel.Now we are looking for a charging IC which will support this parallel configuration with different capacities and same voltage rating Li-Po batteries. How can we solve it?
Connect 3 Lithium Polymer battery with different capacity in parallel I am working on an IoT product with has a total current requirement of 1.3 A at the peak. Due to space constraint, we decided to select Li-Po battery with capacities one with 600 mAh other two with 350 mAh each and the voltage rating is the same 3.7V. to get total 1300 mAh we are connecting them parallel.Now we are looking for a charging IC which will support this parallel configuration with different capacities and same voltage rating Li-Po batteries. How can we solve it?
Why the voltage suddenly reduces when thyristors change from forward blocking to conduction mode As per the diagram:v-I characteristics of SCR is a graph of anode current I A on y-axis &amp; anode to cathode Voltage plotted on x-axis v-I characteristics can be split into two parts namely Forward Characteristics &amp; Reverse Characteristics.Now why does the Vak suddenly drops to Vh during conduction... This is unlike a diode where the voltage remains constant even after avalanche breakdown...Please can anyone explain this isusue to me!
How many amps does a 18v cordless drill draw? I have bought an old 18v black and decker cordless drill but with broken batteries, for that, I want to buy a boost converter to convert 12v (max 20A ) from a computer power supply to 18v and use this drill as corded drill, but I need to know, how many amps does an 18v cordless drill draw to choose which boost converter to buy 200w 300w 400w ?
COMP2 to trigger One-Pulse mode on STM32L1 I am trying to use the output of COMP2 to trigger the One-Pulse mode of a timer (in my example TIM4, but it's quite flexible if it needs to change to another timer) on the STM32L1 series.In the reference manual, the explanation for the One-Pulse mode uses TI2FP2 as the timer trigger, which is linked to the Input Capture on channel 2 of the timer, however the output of the comparator can only be redirected to Input Capture on channel 4 (except for TIM10 but it doesn't have a second channel to output the PWM on...), or to OCREF Clear.I have tried redirecting the COMP2 output to:\u201cOCxREF Clear\u201d of TIM4,the Input Capture 4 of TIM4,the Input Capture 4 of TIM3 and using ITR2 as the TIM4 trigger (ITR2 is TIM3 when used on TIM4)but none of those options worked.Should any of these configurations have worked and I just didn\u2019t set them up properly? Am I supposed to do it differently? Is there no way to connect the two directly and I should for example start the One-Pulse mode from the COMP2 interrupt?
Communicating between 2 different microcontrollers My Arduino runs at 16MHz clock speed; another microcontroller runs at clock speed of 13MHz. If I send digital output directly from an output pin of the former to input pin of the latter, there will be a loss of data and the transmission will be corrupted. Question 1: How do I get the MCUs to properly transmit the data without any corruption? Do I need to sync them somehow, or I should use another device in middle as some kind of a buffer (or maybe to send data at a lower rate)?Question 2: If I can send data at a lower rate from MCU#1 to MCU#2 will there be a phasing difference which would result in data corruption?
Automatic Self-Test Circuit in GFCI outlet What kind of self-test circuits or method do they used in the GFCI outlets generally? Is it just firmware or is there a physical addition (and what it is usually?) This is because after 2015, it is required by UL. But there were many old stocks without it and the physical appearance of the product is the same. So is there any way to recognize or test the function if I buy a product which both has the function and not (depending on whether manufactured after or before 2015 which they don't specify?)Note: This isn't about the manual test button, but a circuit inside... see\"New Self-Test Requirements:n Underwriters Laboratories (UL) made new revisions to the UL 943 (GFCI) standard that will take effect onJune 29th, 2015.n UL REVISION 943 STATES:1. All GFCI receptacles must have an auto-monitoring (self-testing) feature.2. If auto-monitoring determines the GFCI can no longer offer protection, one or more of the following will happen:(1) Unit is no longer able to reset and denies power.(2) Unit can reset and is subject tothe next auto-monitoring testcycle within 5 seconds of powerto the device.(3) All GFCIs must provide audible or visual indication if it does NOTgo into power denial.3. Provisions to ensure receptacle will not reset if miswired during installation aswell as reinstallation.\"
How to design and build RF amplifier, that work in 450Khz I have a schematic, that is a sine generator and mixer that does AM  modulation. How to design and build an RF power amplifier and build a compact antenna. The goal is to transmit signal up to 50 meters. So the amplifier should be enough power. I plan to use only fixed frequency, that radiate device, it's about 450Khz.
Is a normally high switch the same as a normally closed switch? I'm very much an amateur when it comes to electronics so apologies for the stupid question. I have a switch that is normally high (5V) and then when i hit the mechanical button it drops to 1V. I need to configure my CNC firmware for this. So are these normally open or normally closed switches? To me this would be a normally closed as with a normally open switch you wouldn't have a voltage when the mechanical button is not pressed, but the spec page for my switch says it is normally open so I am confused. Thanks in advance!
Is a normally high switch the same as a normally closed switch? I'm very much an amateur when it comes to electronics so apologies for the stupid question. I have a switch that is normally high (5V) and then when i hit the mechanical button it drops to 1V. I need to configure my CNC firmware for this. So are these normally open or normally closed switches? To me this would be a normally closed as with a normally open switch you wouldn't have a voltage when the mechanical button is not pressed, but the spec page for my switch says it is normally open so I am confused. Thanks in advance!
Can I derive steering wheel angle of a car from gyroscope data (x,y,z values)? I am not an electrical engineer but I don't really know where to ask this question so here it is. I have some x,y,z gyroscope data from a car and I want to calculate the steering wheel angle at a point in time. Is that possible and how can I do it?EDITData comes from a smart phone mounted inside the car.The thing is that I don't really need to be precise. I just need some way of calculating the steering wheel angle (or the torque if the former is not an option). I want to then use this data for training and evaluating an algorithm, so it doesn;t matter if the steering wheel angles really match the real world that good, at the end of the day I only care about my algorithm being able to predict values close to those used for its training.
Why do different resistors of the same power rating burn out / not burn out? I have a circuit board for a small LED light, which comes with an annoying strobe mode. To disable this I have found that I can wire a resistor from a pin on a chip to ground and the LED will stay in the always-on mode that I want. I'm trying to find the lowest resistance that the circuit board will tolerate (if it is too low, the LED turns blue and dims, and chips begin to smoke)I started with a 1K 1/4W resistor and that worked but was much dimmer than I wanted. I tried a bunch of other resistors (all 1/4W) down to &lt; 50 ohms.Some resistors, or combinations of resistors, smoke and turn black (although they keep working) such as:1x 47 ohms1x 22 ohms1x 22 ohms, 1x 10 ohms (wired in series)However, some resistor combinations work fine e.g. 2x 22 Ohms. I don't understand this as I thought the reason the resistors are burning out is due to their power rating being too low, but if that were the case any combination of resistor would burn out as they are all 1/4W.So I measured the voltage from the pin to ground at 7V (makes sense as the power source is 11-12V) and I measured the current at 2A (with my multimeter in 10A mode and my probe in the 10A port). But that comes out to 14 watts which should instantly blow any resistor I wired in. It is of note here that, when I measured the current using my multimeter, the circuit board didn't tolerate it (as described at the beginning) presumably because the multimeter offered little resistance in current measuring mode.Could someone please clarify what I'm missing here as my observations don't seem to match my measurements at all. Sorry for any obvious or stupid oversights as I do not yet understand how the different mechanisms of electricity work.Here is a picture of the board I am working on: The resistor in that picture is 47 ohms (though it measures 1.1K when the board is powered). The voltage across the resistor is 7V giving me a calculated current of 140mA and power of just under 1 watt.
What is the idle current draw of a charge indicator? What is the most energy efficient charge indicator for a 12v battery? how many mW does it use for every state of charge?
Question regarding voltage and current Please forgive me if this question sounds stupid but I am still an amateur.I was trying to power a DC motor a while ago and blew a transistor. Later I realized that it was rated for 200mA and I exceeded that with my batteries. Anyway then I wondered how to solve this problem. Should I get a transistor that can handle more current or should I step up the voltage (and as I understand decrease the current) so that I don't blow the transistor but still get enough power to the motor (a rather small one). I was also wandering if it is a good idea (in general) to step up the voltage and in doing so decease current (correct me if I'm wrong) to protect components that can only handle like 200mA or it it better to get components that can handle more current.Again I'm a bit nooby so please correct me if I'm wrong. 
Transformer Inefficiency and Heat If a transformer has efficiency of 96%. It means for a 500W capacity and load, the input would be 520W, output 500W so 20W would be emitted as heat.  If load is 250W, then input would be 260W and 10 watts would be emitted as heat. But if there is no load (zero load), how do you compute the wattage that would be lost as heat during the initial stage when magnetic field and flux is being built with no load on the secondary? Is it more than the inefficient percentage lost with load? I'm computing sealed enclosure heat transfer for a design I'm having and I need to know the above. 
Example of stable non minimum phase system with negative gain or phase margin I read in a particular book that the fact that gain margin and phase margin are positive implies stability is only true for minimum phase systems. But, for non-minimum phase systems, system can be stable even with negative gain and phase marginsCan you please given an example of a non-minimum phase system, which is stable but has a negative gain margin or phase margin
Can I use MCP23008 with G6K-2F-Y relay? From specs of MCP23008: Maximum output current sunk by any output pin is 25 mA.Output High-Voltage is VDD-0.7, which is 4.3 V in my case.From specs of G6K-2F-Y:Rated current (mA) is 21.1 mAMust operate voltage (V) 80% of max, which is 4 V.Coil resistance (\u03a9) is 237 Ohm (measured actual is 245 Ohm).I am planning to use 1 relay connected from GPIO to GND.So my calculations gave me 18.1 mA using +4.3 V as described per datasheet which is more than 25% max current from the specs.Is it safe to use that design? If it is not is there anything else with 5V power supply and I2C interface?Updated schematic:I am planning to use internal pull-up resistor to keep p-channel mosfet closed.
What if the current draw is greater than the rated discharge of a battery? I have a 48 volt, 20 kW motor that I need to supply with power.  I am looking at a configuration of 16 LiFePo4 cells each in series, each 200 Ah rated at 1 C.  At that rated capacity, it would seem the most power I could draw is half that, or 9.6 kW which means a lot of unused power to the engine.If that is correct, the 200 Ah cells must be 2 C rated to make use of the 20 kW of power.  Is that correct?  (Note: the 20 kW is occasional short-duration peak, not the normal range. Normal use would be 10 kW - 15kW.)  Then I thought, what if I had a larger motor than 20 kW, say 40 kW? How do you feed a hungry power draw like that if only 2 C 200 Ah cells were available?  If I had 32 cells, divided into two 16 bank 48 V batteries (say, bank 'a' and 'b'), and banks 'a' and 'b' were wired in parallel to each other, would that satisfy the current draw to a 40 kW motor?
UART expander (5 ports to 11 ports) I have a board that I would like to design and there are 11 devices that can only be spoken to via UART. I am restricted to a Microchip uC chip product range and I have found one with 5 UART ports. I have come up with a jumper based solution whereby the user, with making the connection via jumpers to the 5 available ports, can choose 5 of the 11 devices. I have been looking for a chip that will take either UART, SPI or I2C in and give me a few additional UART ports but I have come up short. Can anyone suggest a solution or a product that they may have come across?It is not critical that all 11 devices are able to connect to the uC (that would be nice) but it is important that these devices are on the board for a modular product. However, I wish to make the product more user-friendly as the jumper based solution is a bit complicated at first glance or so I have been told.EDITOkay sorry, I am not explaining the problem properly. With this method, you limit the user's options. Let say you link port a to device 1 and 2 and port b to device 3 and 4 and so on...But what if the user would like to use device one and two? Then the product is limiting the user heavily. With 5 port options and 11 choices for devices, the binomial coefficient yields 462 combinations for the user to choose from. That is overkill, I am not looking for that level. But with the jumper based solution port a can connect to 9 of the devices while port b can connect to 7 of the devices, port c  can connect to 8, port d  can connect to 7 and port e  can connect to 9. The number of mux switches needed to do this would be over the limit.Is there another solution to giving the user the option to use (close to) any combination of the devices?I have thought about using two uC with 5 UART port each to connect to 10 of the devices and then using a much smaller jumper based solution for the last device, but this solution is too complicated for production and is expensive. Are there any Chips or concepts out there that will expand the UART control to 11 devices?
Can't balance differential amplifier circuit I'm trying to build a circuit which involves an  Op Amp in differential amplifier configuration.  However I've been having difficulty balancing my output. My understanding of the differential amplifier is that if configured such that R1 = R2 = Rf = Rg then Vout should be about 0 volts except I'm always getting about 0.5-0.8 volts.I've currently set it up so that there are 5 volts going directly into R1 and R2 with all my resistors equal to 10K ohms and still I'm getting about 0.63 volts. These are diagrams of my circuit I made:Please also ignore the dashed lines.This is what I was trying to build:Edit: Original Circuit
Interfacing coin cell back up for internal RTC of ESP32 In esp wroom-32 all the VDD pins has a common connection. It includes VDD_RTC too. So in case of power failure if I switch the power between main DC source and coin cell using a mosfet, will it create any interrupt on updating the RTC time?I haven't done any practical on this topic. I got this doubt while going through the internal connection of wroom-32. So please share if there is any proper solution.
Do voltage dividers waste battery? I am attempting to make a battery powered alarm clock with an Arduino, and I would appreciate some help on the circuitry part. I am very inexperienced with electrical engineering.I am using a voltage divider in parallel with the rest of my circuit so that I can feed it into a pin on an Arduino and read the battery life. I am using a two 100k resistors to lower my 4.5v power source to 2.25v (the maximum input voltage for a analog pin on an Arduino mini 3.3v is 3.3v). The three AAAs ran out of battery much quicker than expected, and I figured it might have something to do with the voltage divider. Is power constantly flowing through the voltage divider, even when I'm not reading any data from the pin? If so, does this reduce battery life?Side question: I noticed the voltage divider was very inconsistent, is there a better way to lower the voltage going into the Arduino's analog pin?
Calculating the Thevenin Voltage of this circuit What I did was apply kirchoff's voltage law to the closed network with the 2 resistors and the voltage source to calculate the voltage of the resistors.I got U - 2*Uresistor =0 &lt;=> Uresistor =5VThen, did the same to the closed network with a, b and the one resistor and got that UThevenin=5VHowever, the answer is 10V. What did I do wrong?Also, is there a way to do this by calculating the current first, and then applying the formula U=RI? 
Is there any criteria to call a load inductive for switching applications? I was hesitating to ask this but in many applications such as the ones with electrical machines or relays we always read such precautions or considerations: \u201cIf the load is inductive do that don\u2019t do this ect.\u201dI know that some loads are very inductive such as electric motors, transformers, relays, any sort of coil operated stuff. I also know what power factor is and the phasor represation of AC currents and voltages. But in reality is there a way to categorize devices as inductive or not. Because no device is pure resistive or inductive or capacitive.For example, a triac based SSR is not recommended to use with zero crossing with inductive loads. Alright so if I use a transformer as a load I can understand that zero crossing is no good for that. I mean there are some loads such as power supplies where I dont know whether they are inductive enough.As a load take an SMPS and a linear power supply for instance. Imagine you have a zero crossing type SSR. And your load could be one of those power supplies. Would you consider the linear power supply an inductive load? How about if the load were an SMPS? 
How to measure duty-cycle with Input Capture from STM32F103C8T6? I'm trying to measure the duty-cycle of the 0-5V electrical PWM signal I have generated from the any source. How can I do this? Anyone can help me?IDE: KeilMicrocontroller: STM32F103C8T6
Receiver Antenna Gain How is gain defined for a receiver antenna?If we look at a radiating antenna, there is a Pin, and the gain in a particular direction would be the radiation intensity Ur, divided by the radiation intensity of a lossless isotropic antenna Ui, in that particular direction. G = Ur/Ui = (4pi * Ur)/Pin.But, what is the baseline for the receiving scenario. I know it is the isotropic antenna, but in which way? What does Pin (as the very basis for the comparison) translates to in the receiving scenario?
GPSDO control algorithm I am currently building my own GPS disciplined oscillator. I have a OCXO which is used as clock source for a microcontroller and one of its counters, and the 1PPS signal from the GPS module is connected to one of the capture inputs of the same counter.Currently, I have following control algorithm:On the rising edge of the PPS signal, the counter's value is latched and compared to the previous value. If the difference is something else than 10000000, then the EFC voltage of the OCXO is increased or decreased accordingly. I have my GPSDO now running for several days, and it appears to be rock stable compared to a commercial GPSDO from Trimble, but it has the problem that it takes at least one full day until it properly locks. So I try to find a control algorithm which locks faster.I was thinking whether I could implement something like a PLL in software.E.g. each time the rising edge of the 1PPS signal occurs, I could calculate the value the timer should have the next time when the rising edge occurs and so on. By subtracting the actual timer value from the desired one, I get something like a phase error which I then could use to steer the OCXO. I would expect that this should lock faster than my current approach, and it should be more accurate because the integration time is basically infinite - even the smallest error will, at some point, lead to a phase difference greater than 1 count.A further problem I have with both approaches is: how do I determine when the GPSDO is actually locked?Are there other, probably better approaches for the control of an OCXO by a 1PPS pulse?
In practical BJTs, why can't Vce become 0 when the transistor is saturated? Practically it is about 0.2 V when saturation starts. Why can't it go to 0?
How does Ethernet to CAN conversion work? I am wondering how an Ethernet-to-CAN converter works. CAN is a multi-master broadcasting network where messages are associated with IDs. Each message type has a unique ID. Devices listen to all messages on the bus and decide whether an ID is of interest. Ethernet, however, uses point-2-point addressing, meaning that sender and receiver are specified. These information cannot be mapped on CAN, because there is not sender or receiver field. Let's say, device A sends message m to device B. Device B is connected via CAN to the converter. Device A communicates over Ethernet.How does the CAN-to-Ethernet converter select the message ID when converting an Ethernet frame to a CAN fame? Are the same CAN IDs used for packets to the same recipient? How does the CAN-to-Ethernet convert a CAN message to an Ethernet frame? A CAN message has no recipient, but an Ethernet frame knows the recipient address. How does the mapping work?
Is Non-Passive Cooling bad for Lithium Ion Cells? I'm in the process of designing a device capable of charging, discharging and testing internal resistance of 18650 cells. My device will be capable of testing 100x 18650 at the same time, each will have their dedicated module which allows them to run independent from one another. The pre-designed modules are capable of charging and discharging at 1A however they also have a feature which throttles and reduces the wattage when the battery becomes too hot. This feature is important as this will help answer my question at the end. In the charging phase of the test they are only charged at around 250ma as this helps to find cells with internal problems and cause the cell to run hot, so no throttling will occur.During the discharge phase however I need to test the cells at 1A discharge but often the modules will throttle because the battery is getting warm/hot.I've read comments, forums and even articles saying you should not cool lithium batteries since they cook inside or they change the chemistry within the battery, but I'm unable to find any reputable information that could be considered fact, I know that many electric cars have air ducts to help cool the battery but this doesn't mean its good for the batteries? I'm really unsure and confused.Is there any scientific reason why you should NOT blow air across batteries while in use or during a charge cycle?
Is Non-Passive Cooling bad for Lithium Ion Cells? I'm in the process of designing a device capable of charging, discharging and testing internal resistance of 18650 cells. My device will be capable of testing 100x 18650 at the same time, each will have their dedicated module which allows them to run independent from one another. The pre-designed modules are capable of charging and discharging at 1A however they also have a feature which throttles and reduces the wattage when the battery becomes too hot. This feature is important as this will help answer my question at the end. In the charging phase of the test they are only charged at around 250ma as this helps to find cells with internal problems and cause the cell to run hot, so no throttling will occur.During the discharge phase however I need to test the cells at 1A discharge but often the modules will throttle because the battery is getting warm/hot.I've read comments, forums and even articles saying you should not cool lithium batteries since they cook inside or they change the chemistry within the battery, but I'm unable to find any reputable information that could be considered fact, I know that many electric cars have air ducts to help cool the battery but this doesn't mean its good for the batteries? I'm really unsure and confused.Is there any scientific reason why you should NOT blow air across batteries while in use or during a charge cycle?
Do I need a relay for my LED bars? I installed two 4\" 18 watt LED light bars on my ATV. It is currently wired to the factory switch on the ATV handlebars and there is no relay being used. I have had to replace the right LED bar twice because it has died on me. Is this because I didn't use a relay? Will the relay help? As a side note, the battery seems to be failing and not holding a charge well (old battery). When I start the ATV (can't use electric start, pull only), the lights will turn on but they will start to dim unless I rev the engine. The ATV is a 1995 Polaris Magnum 425 4x4.
Read temperature sensor from microcontroller to Android application (via microUSB) I'm working on a concept for a project, and I'm having difficulty determining whether this application is possible. I will have some misc. microcontroller with an attached temperature sensor, and that microcontroller will be connected to an Android device via Micro USB. Is it possible to read that sensor and display results on the Android application, or are there hardware limitations to this?Having the microcontroller send data to a server is not an option, as one of the main purposes of the project is for the Android device to handle most of the work and the microcontroller will not have network capabilities.
Read temperature sensor from microcontroller to Android application (via microUSB) I'm working on a concept for a project, and I'm having difficulty determining whether this application is possible. I will have some misc. microcontroller with an attached temperature sensor, and that microcontroller will be connected to an Android device via Micro USB. Is it possible to read that sensor and display results on the Android application, or are there hardware limitations to this?Having the microcontroller send data to a server is not an option, as one of the main purposes of the project is for the Android device to handle most of the work and the microcontroller will not have network capabilities.
Implement an 8 input AND gate with least delay I'm trying to implement an 8-input AND gate using CMOS technology with the best number of stages and least delay (I have attached the schematic in the link given). Using logical effort I have so far figured out that I should try to create a 5 or 6 stage design. I'm not sure how to find out the different configurations for a stage. Can you give me some hint or source from where I learn more about how to find the different design configurations?  
Invert Voltage 0-2V I need to invert voltage from the one sensor.So the ting is that I have DC signal from sensor:0%-100% range of 0V-2VI need:0%-100% range of 2V-0VI have LM324 level indicator and it is showing opposite value, I can not connect opposite inputs on LM because circuit board is done.Any idea how to do it as simple as possible?It is a simple one measuring device, 10 input channels - OP amps, working on a 12V. OP amp is comparing common input signal (0V-2V) and each OP has its own referral voltage. Only case is that it is working opposite showing full tank when is is empty and vice versa. So I need to figure out how to invert voltage from the sensor as i mention above... supply is same for sensor and device 12VDC, and it is common (-), otherwise it would be possible with few resistors
Cap maximum wall outlet voltage I live in a rural area.A problem occured when my UPS could not run my computer simply because of voltage fluctuations. I have tried many stabilizers but its too rapid that it would make a tick and the UPS would switch to battery then on line after some time it would run out of juice and just decide to shut off.I now have many stabilizers but none worked. the last fix I can think of is the cap/ throttle the outlet voltage to 100-110 depending the minimum its fluctuating from so the stabilizer won't tick and the UPS neither hence running all day long.TL;DR: How to Cap / throttle the output voltage a wall outlet to stop stablizer from making a tick, hence running the UPS on line. ANY way even bringing an electrician and do what's described in the answer.
So why do SSD disks have a reputation for power efficiency? Why do SSD disks have a reputation for power efficiency? I've just looked at some the spec sheets for SSD and mechanical hard disks. In a lot of cases, the even during idle state, SSDs use slightly more watts than their mechanical counterparts? Can anyone explain this one?
Using an opamp with fractionnal gain with supply less than input signal Let's say we have an AC signal that can swing from -15v to +15v max peak to peak. If I use an opamp with the power rails to -5v and +5v, can I get a non clipped output signal if I use a gain of 0.333? Or will op amp failed to recognize anything above/below +/-5 V at it's input even if the required output is within range?Do I need to have my opamp's power rails and specs within the input range or the output range provided that the output have less peak-to-peak swing than the input with my gain of 0.333?The signal I'm talking about is a low, signaling level (about 1mA max) with varying frequencies, like an audio signal.
Brute-force convolution reverb in FPGA I'm completely new to the world of FPGAs, and would like to get a sense of what is possible to achieve, and since I happen to have an interest in convolution reverb algorithms, I will use that example.So given a room response of 10 seconds (i.e ~500000 samples at 44.1kHz), is it realistic to expect that the FPGA could handle the brute-force algorithm (which is basically a FIR filter with 500000 coefficients, running at 44.1kHz, in double precision floating point)?An fft-based implementation would need less multiplications / additions, but since it's more complex, I'd like to begin with a simple example first!It would be nice if in your answers you could describe the FIR-filter implementation, and produce a back of the envelope calculation, with the numbers for a specific FPGA so that I can follow your reasonning.Thank you very much!
Addition and subtraction of binary digits I have to solve the following exercise :Extend the circuit of the first part (the first part was an adder of integer numbers of 2 binary digits) in order to execute addition and subtraction of integers numbers of 2 binary digits (AB+-CD). Considering that numbers AB, CD are in 2's complement arithmetic. What does 2's complement mean and how I create the truth table?
Software controlled variable voltage AC supply with SSR relays I have an autotransformer like this one :I would like to control it with an arduino solid state relay like this one:What would happens if I wire every output of the transformer together to the same output and accidentally turn on more than one relay at the same time ?For example, the 80v, 120v and 150v turned on at the same time would output :80 + 120 + 150 = 350v ?(80 + 120 + 150)/3 = 116v ?230v because this is the maximum input ?Would it be dangerous ? I don't really understand how an autotransformer work. Any idea how I could achieve it safely ?
Li-ion Modded Powerbank Question So I got this single Li-ion power bank. It's a 18650, and I wanted to add another 18650 in parallel. I want to use the same circuit which produces a constant 5v. Is it safe to do it that way? in parallel. If no, what is the cheapest &amp; easiest solution?
How to decide bypass emitter resistance value? This is an amplifier which has voltage gain of 50, quiescent current 1 mA and the input is signals from 20 Hz to 20 kHz. I calculated the collector current which is 1 mA, using that I calculated emitter resistor value which is 1 kohms. Now how did he decide the resistor values of emmiter as 180 ohm and 820 ohm when emitter resistance is 1 kohm?
Interrupt during packet transfer I'm using the mbed TCP/IP Socket library to receive incoming messages via ethernet. Currently, the incoming data is read in an infinite while(1) loop (i.e. as fast as possible). I will also be adding several timer interrupt functions which run periodically (1000/sec). Should an interrupt occur while a message is being received, would the incoming message be discarded and have to be re-sent from the client?How are packets processed in the LPC1768? If I process incoming packages in a separate timer interrupt function (say, 20/sec), can I still guarantee that packets won't be missed?
PS/2 mouse / keyboard interface info and classification My hardware interfaces teacher in the university gave a task to find info about PS/2 interface and fit it into a classification by answering a list of questions. Here's what I've found: Which type of connection it uses? point-to-point (other variants: trunk, radial)Which type of Interface it uses? ? (variants: parallel, serial, hybrid)Which type of Control is applied between devices? Centralized (other variants: decentralized, partially centralized)Which Operation mode it uses? half-duplex (other variants: simplex, duplex)Which Data exchange mode it uses? synchronous (other variants: async, isochronous)Which Wire types are used to connect devices? ? (variants: coaxial, twisted pair, optical fiber, ...)But I didn't find some answers. It seems that either the classification is incorrect and there are no answers to some questions or the questions are too simple so I should be able to answer them myself. Can you help me fill the blanks and correct errors? Are the questions asked correctly? Are there even more answer options?
Which suppresor device will be use for 2pole AC contactor 240v coil voltage in coil as well as contact side? I need an AC contactor for a 1 hp motor. For the contactor safety I'm goint to use the suppression device on the both coil and contact side. Please suggest me which suppressor device will be use!I have read all question and answer about suppressor for contactor from your forum, that was a good understandable.Which would have a good suppresor nature for both side (contact &amp; coil) like diodes, RC snubber or Varistor Coil Suppressor?If Yes of these once (diodes, RC snubber or Varistor Coil Suppressor), please explain why?My desired AC contactor details are given below:Coil voltage :240vPole         :2Contact type  :DPST Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated?Kindly clear and explain above question, share your suggestion. 
How to write data to end of line of existing file (STM32CubeMX FATFS SDIO issue)? I have successfully coded write data into a CSV file is an SD card using STM32 CubeMS FATFS SDIO interface 1-bit mode.But I can't find the file append function in HAL FATFS driver to write data to existing file. Is there another way to do this using STM32CubeMX and HAL drivers? 
GPSDO in firmware? There are numerous designs online for hardware GPSDO (GPS-disciplined Oscillators). I'm failing to find any firmware-only implementations. I wonder if my Google foo is weak or if these are impractical in firmware.My scenario is a uC (an STM32) with a GPS. I need to output a 1Hz pulse that aligns with GPS PPS, even during loss of signal. Naturally, during LOS the output is only as good as my local oscillator, but I'd like to adjust relevant timer's timebase to average or recent GPS PPSs.I'm sure someone has done something similar.
Relay arcing protection for analog input I need to measure the voltage of a Li-ion battery that is connected through a relay, on the NC pin, to the rest of the circuit (so BAT+ -  relay  -     circuit). The coil of the relay is connected to a usb 5v port used for charging the battery. Basically when charging, the battery is disconnected from the circuit (relay open).The analog pin of the arduino is connected downstream of the relay. I know that a mechanical relay arc when opening and closing the contacts. Relay: 5VDC, 3A, SPDTMax current through contacts at opening: 2.5AUnknown value for voltage spikes when arcing; i would assume max 50-100vDo i need to worry about arcing affecting the analog pin on the arduino (both when opening and closing the contacts)? Do those voltage spikes also carry high current? If so, would a RC in parallel to the relay contacts be enough?Do i need a voltage divider on the analog pin? What would be the resistors values?Would a 5v 700mA TVS diode between analog input and ground be better?Sorry for asking dumb questions, i am new to electronics.Thank you
Do poles enhance frequency or cause it to dip I'm a bit confused about the idea of poles. In some of my courses such as digital signal processing, we are taught that in filter design, you place a pole at a frequency you want to enhance and a zero where you want to cause a dip.In other courses in which we deal with Bode plots, I notice that a pole causes a -20dB/decade slope decrease?Why is there an incosistency?
Wiring of body terminal in a network of MOSFET switches I am trying to design a set of switches in a cmos design.The switches are supposed to control a number of capacitors and I want to implement them as single NMOS or PMOS transistors.Based on my understanding I have done the following: Choosing PMOS for switches where the voltage signals switched are closest to VDD and NMOS for switching voltages closer to gnd, to enable optimal drive conditions and this way decrease Rds_on. All the switches are driven rail-to-rail.I also think that I have to ensure that all the switches operate in the ohmic region.But when it comes to wiring the body terminals I get a little bit confused. I have read that you should tie the body terminal to the source terminal/gnd in the case of NMOS. In my design, some of the switches are placed in between a PMOS sitting at the top and NMOS. In this case the source terminal is not connected to the lowest potential, should it then be wired to ground or the source terminal?I have also heard that transistors in common design processes are symmetric devices. Does this mean that it does not matter if the drain and source terminal are swapped? Does the body potential influence this polarity?
Is it safe to measure 220Vrms@50Hz on DSO directly? I borrowed my friend's DSO to complete my project(Hantek DSO5072), but on scope it says CAT II/400V. So is it safe to measure 220Vrms@50Hz with it?
Decoupling capacitors introduce more noise on transmitter power amplifier I have an issue that I can't understand and looking for your help to give me some insight to solve it.I'm using a module named dw1000 that is used to measure distance using UWB at 6.4Ghz, 3.95 Ghz...etc. The IC block diagram looks like this:The pins VDDPA1 and VDDPA2 on the left side of the block are used to power directly the Tx/Rx power amplifier and since the module is power hangery ( 150mA @ 3.6V) plus the noise that this amplifier generates.  3 decoupling capacitors are recommanded on each of these pins (12pF,330pF and 100nF) and they should be placed as close as possible to these pins as any decoupling capacitors.I followed the recommanded values, placements, etc. The module has a continuous transmisison mode where the central frenquency is observed and tuned so I use this mode to check out if my device is working or not.PCB layout of the decoupling capacitors:First tests gave me the following RF ouput:As you can see in the image above there is no central frequency and it's obviously very noisy. So I put the 3 decoupling capacitors on top of each other: To get them as close as possible to the pins and it did work for one board or 2 but not all. Then I added a ferrite(BLM15AG601SN1D) on each pin just before the piled capacitors and like magic this fixed the problem in all boards.The output signal when everything is clean and working looks like this:Is there an explantation for this and how can I fix it?
induction motor stability Does the change in slip (s) have any impact on load torque in an induction machine/motor? I know it affects the motoring torque. But do the load torque also get affected by the slightest measures if not more?.Now my question is if the load torque is independent of slip, shouldn't be BC (the graph for load torque) a straight line parallel to y axis rather than increasing slightly as slip tends to 0?
induction motor stability Does the change in slip (s) have any impact on load torque in an induction machine/motor? I know it affects the motoring torque. But do the load torque also get affected by the slightest measures if not more?.Now my question is if the load torque is independent of slip, shouldn't be BC (the graph for load torque) a straight line parallel to y axis rather than increasing slightly as slip tends to 0?
How does flux change polarity in full bridge SMPS transformer? Take a full bridge switching circuit connected to the primary of a transformer.Assume:No load on secondary.Voltage into full bridge is DC.Duty cycle of switching is 50%.At t = 0, full bridge connects voltage to primary, lets call it \"positive\".Faraday's law says slope of flux will be opposite in magnitude, and flux will increase (negatively) linearly until half cycle is over and voltage flips. At that point, flux will increase (positively), and so on.What I see here is that flux starts at 0, and reaches some negative peak, then heads back to zero. It never crosses into positive territory and never changes sign.In typical full bridge SMPS design, how is flux made to be bipolar and actually change polarity? I am assuming it is desirable and possibly required to make it do this in order to prevent flux walking and also because if current is to change polarity in secondary, flux must also change polarity. 
Which replacement Zener Diode should I use? I am repairing a television power supply and have found a couple Zener Diodes that are bad. The service manual gives only a part number of VZMTZJ30DT. I have searched online for hours and cannot find any information on this component. Any help would be great.I am working on a Panasonic power supply ETX2MM-806-AEL, and the component location is ZD501 and ZD503.
How does one duplicate tracks on both sides in KiCad? I have a problem: I'm making an Arduino shield that has tracks which are supposed to handle up to 10A (maximum, instantaneous) current (usually it's around 2A, but we want to be on the safe side.KiCad calculated the according tracks thickness as ~11mm, which is huge for an Arduino Uno shield. Therefore, it was suggested to me to have two tracks on both sides, ~5mm thick each. However, when I connect two nodes with the second track, the original track gets removed, even if I lock it. How can I get around this?
Turns Ratio and Transformation Ratio I am not able to understand the difference between this two terms. I searched it online but did not get an appropriate answer anywhere.
Output impedance and loudness I've a DAC for headphones (GeekOut 720) which has two output jacks with different impedances: 47 Ohm (with a large headphone icon next to it) and 0.47 Ohm (with a small headphone icon next to it). I'm currently using Sony MDREX110AP headphones, with 16 ohm impedance according to its specs. When I connect them to the 0.47 Ohm output I get much louder output than with the 47 Ohm jack, which makes me wonder, shouldn't the smaller impedance output drive my headphones with less power than the larger one? If such is the case, why is the response louder for the larger impedance output? It seems to me that I'm not quite grasping the output impedance concept. Bonus question: what output should I use to get better sound quality and protect my headphones? 
Should I spread the pads out on the footprint of a THT LED? I have a 4 pin RGB LED with a common anode.  I'm trying to make my first PCB and I am creating the footprint for the LED now.I don't have a datasheet for the LEDs unfortunately.I have a ruler DigiKey sent me and it seems like the pins fit snugly in the 0.6mm hole.  I think the space between the pins is roughly the same as the pin width.I think that gives me a pitch of 1.2mm.  I was considering a 1.0mm pad with a 0.6mm hole.  That'd give me only 0.4mm around the pin for soldering and paltry 0.2mm between the pads.  This seems like a lot of extra work for the small benefit of being able to settle the LED all the way down on the board and solder the pins on the back of the holes.Another option I considered is spreading the pads out using roughly the entire 10mm of space under the LED.  With a 0.1mil pitch, the LED would stick out further from the board but soldering would be somewhat easier because I could have larger annular rings.Should I spread the pads out on my THT LED and how do you go about making decisions like that?
Replaced 4x AA battery with 6V 3A DC adapter, but device won't work I'm hoping you smart folks can help me. I'm puzzled by what I thought would be a simple DC battery to DC adapter swap.The device I'm trying to mod is a a microchip activated pet door (SureFlap Microchip Pet Door on Amazon for about $150). It normally takes 4x Alkaline AA batteries. The manual does NOT recommend using rechargeable batteries because they may trigger a battery replacement warning due to their lower voltage. I thought, I could take a 6V 3A adapter (actual 6.3V on DMM) and splice on some alligator clips, clip them onto the battery springs and not have to worry about my cats being locked in/out due to a dead battery. I was WRONG.This mod resulted in a powered device, but no longer would the door trigger to my pet's microchips. Switching back to the batteries eliminates the issue completely. therefore, I know the device is not broken.I have confirmed power is being provided to the device, by taking my DMM probe to the springs on the device, and by pushing the \"Learn\" button on the device, which puts the door into the learn mode (unlocks the latch mechanism to allow a pet to pass through and register, it's supposed to re-latch to confirm a learned chip). Issues while on DC adapter power:Putting the door into \"Learn Mode\" initiates the unlock mechanism for the pet to pass through, but does not complete the learn process (re-locking) no matter how many times I try. It just hangs perpetually unlocked in this mode until it is canceled. Again, going back on battery only mode I can learn a chip easily.The device has a memory function so microchips do not need to be re-learned after a battery swap. However, previously learned chips no longer trigger the door to open. I can no longer get the door to trigger for my cats. Again, going back on battery only mode I can learn a chip easily.I thought initially I had an under-powered adapter, as I had a 6V 1A (6.0V on DMM) lying around. I bought a 3A adapter mentioned above and the problem persists. I am absolutely puzzled. Is there something I am missing about the characteristic differences of DC batteries and power supplies? I've had success in the past doing the exact same mod with toy motors and the like, but I'm wondering if the issues is due to the device being a more complex electrical device. 4x Alkaline batteries are 6.3V on my DMM, so I don't think over-voltage is an issue. Also, my 6V 1A power supply is dead on 6V.
Which UART is used on the Explorer 16 development board with PIC32? I am trying to use \"PIC32mz2048ech100\" on \"explorer16\" to get \"UART\" communication. Can anyone let me know which uart channel(from 1 to 6)of PIC32 microcontroller is connected to explorer 16.
How do you close a switch on a high-voltage network? This is something I've been curious about for a long time. Let's say you're a utility trying to connect two segments of a distribution grid. Both segments will have about the same frequency, because they are both connected to the transmission grid, but the phase angles of their voltages aren't necessarily related to each other. I always assumed the procedure involved adjusting generators on one or both sides to bring those phase angles as near alignment as possible and then closing the switch.A common AC distribution voltage in the U.S. is 7.2kV line-to-ground, though. That seems pretty unforgiving when you're trying to close a switch. If your synchronization procedure is off by even a tiny amount, you're going to see massive amounts of current flow.Just to put some back-of-the-envelope numbers to it, let's say your synchronizing procedure is accurate to about 0.5%; maybe you're closing slightly out of phase or there is some small error in your sensors. That's still 36V across the switch, which we'll say has an impedance of 0.1 ohms. Now suddenly we have 360A at 7.2kV for 2.5MW. I know that's a transient current and both sides will get yanked into voltage agreement with each other, but that still seems like a lot! And that's not to mention that some networks are run at much higher voltages than 7.2kV. Is this just something utility switching equipment is built to handle, or are my estimated numbers off?
How to handle rotary encoder overflow I am using a magnetic rotary encoder(AS5048B) to detect the rotation angle of a motor shaft. This is fed to a pid loop to calculate the PWM value for motor position control.The encoder has a 14Bit output. It gives an output of 0 - 16383 which is then right shifted by 4 to get a range of 0 - 1023.When we give values closer to 1023 the sensor value goes back to 0 after a complete rotation and the pid error goes to huge values resulting in unstable motor movements. Suppose my current position is 10 and setpoint is 1023. The error is 1023 - 10 = 1013 and the motor starts to move towards 1023 to decrease error. When it reaches 1023 sometimes it overshoots and goes back to a value of 0 which gives us a wrong PWM value of 1023(1023 - 0). Is there any workaround for this issue? Implementation details:- The experimentation setup consists of a 60RPM geared DC motor, an H bridge(VNH5019) and a magnetic rotary encoder(AS5048B). The H bridge has a PWM input for speed control and 2 other pins for direction control. It is an absolute encoder which gives a 14Bit output corresponding to 0 - 360-degree rotation of the motor shaft and the same act as a feedback signal for the plant. PID update function is written as a periodic timer interrupts with 10KHz frequency. Inside the ISR I read the setpoint from a rotary encoder and the feedback signal from the magnetic encoder. An error is then calculated, corresponding PWM values are generated and sent to the H bridge IC for changing the motor shaft position for that error. Because of the nature of the PID loops the motor starts rotating and when the error approaches zero the PWM value also approaches 0, thus stopping the motor at the set-point. My plan is to make this motor as a 0 - 359-degree position servo for normal applications (and 0 - 180-degree servo for hobby servo applications in the future).I tried with a P only controller. It works fine at all the positions except the overflow point. Since the error is calculated as the difference between setpoint and input, an overflow makes the error value extremely high. The motor thinks that it needs to apply that much of PWM(which decreases as the error approaches 0) to reach that position. The net result is a motor which goes from 0 - 359 degrees (when the setpoint is a value corresponding to 359 degrees), overflows by 1 degree and goes back to 359, thus repeating the process infinite times.
Heating resistor power limit This might be a stupid question but, what limits the heat power output of a heating resistor? Is it the temperature that the material can handle, or does the electrical power itself cause a heater to fail?I'm using polyimide heaters for a project, and I've seen different product descriptions specify power and voltages, but then datasheets only mention typical values and no specific. I can't seem to find answers to my question.Since they're just resistors my feeling is, I can increase the voltage/power and as long as it stays in it's operating temperature it will be fine (at least until the voltage is so high it starts to spark?). Is that correct?
Xr2206 sine wave oscillator If xr2206 is used to generate a sine wave does it have dc component? Based on my analysis it does not have. 
3 phase 12 V step down transformer I need a 3 phase power supply for Lab purpose. Since using 220 V x 3 phase is dangerous, I'm searching for a three phase step down transformer and that seems not available. Am I asking something which is not commonly used?Input : 3 phase, RYB, 220 V ACOutput : 3 phase, RYB, 12 V ACI'm looking for a transformer just like the power companies do - 11 kV to 220 V, 3 phase - similar transformer from 220 VAC to 12 VAC, 3 phase.Any directions? Pros / Cons - why not available easily, any references?
Doubts regarding via creation using pad designer I have following doubt on via creation.Is a via surrounded by soldermask or not? If it has a soldermask layer then what happens if there is no soldermask layer around pad?Give me brief explanation about types of vias?
Best way to connect 7 x 18650 Panasonic batteries to 2 LEDs Looking for some help with correct wiring: I have created a custom 7-cell battery (4 cell block in parallel, 3 cell block in parallel and both blocks connected via series) to produce a 7.4V 23.8A battery set/unit. At a basic level, I need to connect the battery directly to an LED array (parallel) which requires 9V @ 800mA or 9V @ 1.6A (constant current). Since the battery has an output of only 7.4V I need a booster, I know. I also know that I can get a DROK CC booster from Amazon that is configurable. However, I do not have the space to house these larger prefabricated PCBs. I need only the critical components to squeeze into a 2\" space and get a working proto. Could someone please provide the correct parts to purchase from Digikey or Mouser (or where else) and make this work? I am also open to any other suggestions in configuring the battery. Then there is charging! I wanted to use a CC power adapter that would pump 7.5V at 1.6A. Will this charge the complete 7 cell battery unit or would I need to reduce that to the each cell level of 4.2V @ 1C? Appreciate any feedback. Thanks
Replacing an old 2 speed rotary cam switch with VFD I bought an old drill press tnw super condor 30l but the motor smoked because of the rotary cam switch is broken.The drill is old and the motor have no motor plate but few engraved numbers 380 and 20 the others can't be read, I can't find the rotary cam switch. The company that made them cannot be found \"brevetti ergo italia\it was 500v/5.5hp (that's what i remembered i lost the paper that describe the rotary cam switch technical details, i remember and a number I12.07)  rated rotary cam switch. So i was thinking if it is possible to replace the rotary cam switch with a VFD. I read on one post that say's using VFD will make the motor give half of its torque, i can live with that as long it worksEdit: The motor is 2 speed motor
A circuit to convert 4-bit Gray numbers to BCD I'm sorry for asking this specific question here but can some one please tell me what's wrong with this solution.Question: design a circuit to convert 4bit Gray numbers to BCD I have to say I wrote numbers in Gray form in the left hand side of the truth table.Let's consider a number such 1000 in Gray My solution:It's binary equivalent is 1111 and we cannot show that in BCD so output have to be don't careHere is what my professor says:Binary equivalent: 1111Decimal equivalent: 15BCD equivalent:00010101I'm completely confused :| Edit:As some users noted I wrote grey codes in non sequential order.But the answer of karnaugh map will remain same. To see this you can compare the link @Jack Creasey added as comment and my karnaugh maps.(also note I just designed this circuit with decoder)
A circuit to convert 4-bit Gray numbers to BCD I'm sorry for asking this specific question here but can some one please tell me what's wrong with this solution.Question: design a circuit to convert 4bit Gray numbers to BCD I have to say I wrote numbers in Gray form in the left hand side of the truth table.Let's consider a number such 1000 in Gray My solution:It's binary equivalent is 1111 and we cannot show that in BCD so output have to be don't careHere is what my professor says:Binary equivalent: 1111Decimal equivalent: 15BCD equivalent:00010101I'm completely confused :| Edit:As some users noted I wrote grey codes in non sequential order.But the answer of karnaugh map will remain same. To see this you can compare the link @Jack Creasey added as comment and my karnaugh maps.(also note I just designed this circuit with decoder)
Altera has created EPCS and EPCQ devices, can only these be used to store FPGA configuration data? FPGA configuration data must be stored in external non-volatile memory. Can we use just any flash memory or only specific types? What about EEPROMs or any other nonvolatile memory device?Edit: I am referring to active configuration where the FPGA configures itself, by itself, without support of an external device like a microcontroller or microprocessor.
Using 28 AWG flat/ribbon cable for LEDs I want to control a lot of LEDs (like 128) in an area of about 1 m2.Instead of using separate wires, could I use a 28 AWG flat cable, and split/cut it wherever needed? E.g. split it in two wire groups and cut it wherever I want to place a LED?Btw, I'm intending to use two MAX7219 ICs to control them using multiplexing.According to the AWG table, I can use 0.226 A for each wire, which is enough (the LEDs I used are simple 3 mm LEDs and not intending to give them more than 0.2 A of current).
Using 28 AWG flat/ribbon cable for LEDs I want to control a lot of LEDs (like 128) in an area of about 1 m2.Instead of using separate wires, could I use a 28 AWG flat cable, and split/cut it wherever needed? E.g. split it in two wire groups and cut it wherever I want to place a LED?Btw, I'm intending to use two MAX7219 ICs to control them using multiplexing.According to the AWG table, I can use 0.226 A for each wire, which is enough (the LEDs I used are simple 3 mm LEDs and not intending to give them more than 0.2 A of current).
What determines the direction and cause of electric field exerted on test charges? -I understand when there is an on-going electric field, if it is produced by a positive charge, the direction of electric field is away from it etc. And, if we get a +ve test charge, it repels it, and the force is also the same direction as the field. However, I can't understand why and how we know the main electric field is + or - charged? What causes it? And, if electric field is produced by electric charge, how come the test charges don't change or affect the main field? (Sorry, if I make no sense!) For instance, what causes and determines the direction of electric field in a DC power line?
led I can stick on a AA battery I have a toy for my son, it's great but it flies round and round in the dark,  I was thinking of sticking an LED on it like we used to do at school - back then LED's were rubbish but they had long legs and were designed for electronics and soldering - I am 43 now - but I remember we had to calculate the resistance put in a resistor and then it wouldn't blow the LED .. we made a fuse tester back then..since then LED's have changed markedly.. but is there still a \"brand/family\" of LED .. a single stand LED... that will plug straight into a 1.5v AA without blowing that comes with REALLY long wire legs so I can solder it direct to the terminals of the AA battery in series, and fit it into the battery enclosure simply by putting the battery cover on top of it? and do they still come with thin stiff wire long metal legs that can be bent, hold a shape and remain put?OR. If I need a resister in series what is the resistor I need can someone help me calculate?and also, they are still a diode, are they forgiving of the polarity or will they blow if placed the wrong way round?
Low current control of triac speed controller? I'm using a cheap Chinese commercial triac speed controller to control a universal motor that pulls considerable amperage (where \"considerable\" is no more than 15 amps at 117 volts).I would like to modify the controller so that it will cut all current to the motor, via a small low current micro switch and associated wiring. I do not know the exact circuit and the device would be difficult to preemptively disassemble. I do have easy access to all three triac terminals, however.It was suggested to me that shorting A1 to G would disable the triac \u2013 it does not.Could I just switch the gate with the micro switch to accomplish what I want?Is significant current flowing through the gate at any time?
Non-intrusive measurement of current and voltage Sorry if this question is too basic for this forum... I'm an interested amateur but far from a professional. I'd really appreciate information from someone more informed than myself.Hypothetical challenge:  Assume I have several UK mains electricity (~240v ~50Hz AC) insulated cables and have access only to the insulated exterior of the cable.Can I (hopefully accurately) determine the direction and magnitude of power flow?  Please assume that it is unacceptable to strip the insulation, or break the circuit, to insert traditional test equipment.Added: How accurate an answer can I expect to achieve, given the constraints?
ORing for Arduino Mini Pro I am attempting to make an alarm on AC main failure based on Arduino Mini Pro. The idea is that when AC main failure happens the Arduino Mini Pro shall wake up and periodically \"beep\" between \"sleeps.\"  I want to use 3.3V/8MHz version of Arduino primarily sourced by AC adapter and to use its hardware interrupt to detect the AC failure. When AC fails it should be powered by coin cell battery until AC main returns. Primary goal here is to work on battery as long as possible. While reading various posts, threads, articles, I understood that this should be done with op-amp and MOSFET but struggling to figure out how. Because of coin cell battery's low voltage to power 3.3V Arduino, I understood that solution based on Schottky diodes are not the right option, especially due to reverse current it may blow up my battery over a time.Appreciate experts' help!
How can I have different circuits relays based on a particular voltage input? I want to build a circuit that is dependent on an input from a thermistor which is in a circuit that is a voltage divider.Now if the thermistor is showing low temperature, then I want to increase my temperature supply voltage thus providing more temperature! But if the resistance of the thermistor is close to the correct value, I want to decrease the temperature supply or stop it!Maybe nested relays but that does not really work, nested Schmitt trigger will only be more accurate but does not really deliver what I am looking for, maybe a certain OpAmp configuration but how?
Using a micro computer as a macro keyboard device? not entirely sure this is the best StackExchange board but I bet some of the great members here could at least point me in the right direction.I'm looking to use one of the microcomputer devices, like a Raspberry Pi, Arduino, etc as macro keyboard.What I need to do is plug the device into a Mac via USB and have it be seen as a Keyboard and Mouse. I'd then like to trigger scripts which allow the device to send keyboard presses with specific games between in the correct order.The device itself needs to be what runs these scripts are it's operating on computers where the OS isn't built yet - it's just automating the initial human interaction we need to do now to create the first account and click through all the menus.First of all does anyone have a suggestion for which device can be seen as a Human HID and appear to the computer as both a keyboard and mouse (as unfortunately I need two mouse clicks to complete the script) and does anyone know of the software I can run to automate the inputs with pauses etc.Finally it would be ideal if once the computer is booted I can send a signal back to the device to trigger the next script (I will have loaded a script on the computer at this point to run software) if it could tell the device when it's finished and load a second script that would be ideal.Look forward to suggestions, thanks in advance.
What does the current distribution look like on an antenna? This is more of a conceptual question, but I am struggling with understanding the current distribution on a radiating antenna. I understand how it travels, but how do we know? Is there some paper or textbook I could read that proves where the current is on a radiating antenna?Reason I am asking is because maxwell's equations include a current distribution term that I am curious about. 
What impact does winding tightly versus loosely have on transformer performance? To make it simple (and actually, directly relevant to what I am working on): what impact does winding tightness have on transformer performance? Lets assume typical laminated EI / EE 60hz transformer, operating at 60hz, within the maximum flux density of the core material. I suppose this is also a good way to illuminate the oft-mentioned qualitative idea of the \"flux capturing\" effect of a high permeability core versus air. If most of the flux is in that core, then who cares if there is a little more air, right? But...imagining that holding as \"loosely wound\" approached infinite diameter seems..shaky. For instance, so I have a transformer where the primary is wound tight on the core, and another, where the primary is the diameter of the solar system, and because they both encircle the same flux in that core, there is no change in performance? That can't be, right?So I am imagining leakage inductance probably increases. But, physically, why that is (mental model), doesn't seem to be sinking in. Is it simply because the more air there is inside the turns, the more paths there are for the magnetic circuit? And its as simple as that? I'm imagining actually calculating the flux in the air part of the circuit is probably not trivial, but is that the mental model?What would be really handy is an engineering type mental model explanation, and then maybe a little mention of why Maxwells equation makes it so.EDIT: I just realized that the \"air part of the circuit\" is a little ambiguous. What I mean is, as the additional area inside the turn which is not the core containing the transformer/mutual inductance flux goes up, the ability of that turn to store energy goes up (air core inductor)..i.e. leakage inductance. Separately is the question of increased mutual inductance, i.e. transformer action through the air, but lets pretend that the secondary winding is always wound tight..for the moment. (or compare/contrast wound tight or also increasing)
Buck Boost Battery 3.6V (Lithium-thionyl Chloride) to 5V I hope this question has not been asked and it's not as far as I have seen.I am developing an IoT project which uses almost no current (&lt; 100uA) when sleeping and up to 80mA when running. The problem is I need to power this with a battery which has to last quite a long time (1-2 years) and it doesn't have to be rechargeable. In particular I have found Lithium-thionyl Chloride to be pretty good at this and usually have a voltage of 3.6V at full charge. My project runs on an ARM processor and the whole system works with an input from 3.6V to 6V and I'd like to input 5V. So I need to use a very efficient buck boost converter to go from 2/3.6V to 5V. This is how I am thinking to go about it.If anyone knows a better way to power up this type of system I'd appreciate suggestions.I'd prefer buying the complete circuit/product instead of building it but I can't find a good one on eBay. I can build one but I would really like to do that only in the worst case scenario.Does anyone here know how to move about this?Thanks everyone.
Use ADC as Analog Comparator (AttinyAVR)? I have recently been trying to transition from Atmel's Atmega 328p avr to the newer (and much smaller) attiny416. The trouble is, the 416 only allows you to choose between two positive inputs and two negative inputs for the analog comparator, and I need only one positive but three negatives to multiplex between.Because the input pins to the chip are fixed in hardware I couldn't think of much except to add an external multiplexer to the device which is not an option.The ADC the chip has, however, can take input from almost every pin on the 20 pin chip. I have never worked with the ADCs on these chips, but they may hold the answer. Can an adc on an attiny be programmed to act as an analog comparator without the overhead of a digital conversion? I know at the core of ADCs are comparators but haven't found any grinchy tricks to use them in my solution (one positive input and three negatives to multiplex between).
Led blinking with one NPN transistor I am using scheme as shown below to blink an LED. But I'm using 9V battery source instead of 12V.I tried to use capacitors in range 100uF - 500uF to increase delay between blinks.Questions:When I tried put there 1000uF capacitor, there is no more blinking effect. LED is OFF. Why?When I put there 500uF capacitor, I thought the LED will blink with 0.5s interval as 10K * 500uF should be Tau = 0.5s.Actualy I see it blinking with interval 0.25s.
Understanding the MPX2053 Pressure sensor So I am a bit confused as to how I would operate a pressure sensor whose pressure range is between 0-50 kPa because the moment I remove it from the packaging and expose it to the environment, it will experience 101 kPa (1 atm) which is outside its pressure range. At the same time I feel that the sensor would be useless if I cannot take it out of the package, so how does it not experience the 1 atm pressure entered by the atmosphere?
Latch-Up in CMOS-Devices I recently read something about the latch-up effect in CMOS-Structures but I don't understand why are MOSFETs affected by this effect. I understand that high currents through the source-drain path cause this effect because there are npn-pnp structures in the substrate which form transistors.But I often read that \"high\" voltages (VDD + 0.7 V) on the input also causes latch-ups which is a problem if the device of the input is powered of. A logical one (active) would cause a latch up because 3.3V > 0 V + 0.7 V.Why does this cause a latch-up? I thought latch-ups are caused by high currents. But the gates are isolated which does not permit any flow through the source-drain path, especially if the device is powered off. I see only a problem through the powering on phase where the operational voltage clamps up.So my question is: Why do \"high voltages\" on the input cause latch-ups too and why is the condition VDD+0.7 V (VDD + Diode drop)? How can I protect CMOS inputs against latch-ups through signals which occur even if the device is powered off?I would by very happy about answers :)
Powering an onboard car GPS tracker I made a car tracker (a GPS/LTE module connected to an arduino that communicate to my web server) to log gps positionning data. I\u2019m planning to use this to track my new car in case it gets stolen.My initial thought would be to hot-wire the tracker to the car\u2019s 12V battery followed by a DC-DC converter to 5V.For redundancy I was planning to also power the tracker from an 18650 battery in case the thief disconnect the car\u2019s battery.My issue is that I\u2019d like to use the car\u2019s battery as the primary source of power, then the integrated 18650 battery. Finally the car\u2019s battery would be used to charge the 18650 when needed.The tracker would be low power usage (eg sending location every 10min, in sleep mode other wise).What would be the best way of powering such system without draining the car\u2019s battery with multiple DC converters ?
5v 10amp powering arduino and LED strip I need my 5v 10 amp power supply to power both my LED strip and arduino.<br>I will have the LED strip directly wired to the power supply, then for the arduino I have two ideas - either cut a USB cable and connect its power/ground wires to the power supply, or wire the 5v/ground pins of the arduino to the power supply.<br>My question is would 10 amps be too much to give an arduino through either of these two ways? Using the 5v pin to power the arduino is unregulated, but I'm not sure if this is relevant to amps or just volts? My understanding is that the arduino and components plugged into the arduino will only draw as much amps as they need. I know the strip can handle the amps, but can the arduino? It will only be connected to a basic LCD display and joystick to control the colors. 
How much current does this Opto isolator output (HCPL-3180)? I wanted to use it like this in this configuration][How much current does this Opto isolator output (HCPL-3180) ?
Linear Regulator PCB placement I'm designing a PCB with some noise-sensitive components (FPGA, RF mixer, etc.). For the power systems I've decided to chain switching regulators to LDO regulators so that I get less heat dissipation and better noise performance than either alone. However, I'm unsure as to the optimal location of the LDO regulators. My thought is that they should be placed near the outputs of their corresponding switching regulators so that switching noise is confined to the edge of the board. Or is it better to place them near the loads they drive? The second setup could result in a slightly more accurate voltage across the load since less of the LDO output voltage will drop across the power traces, but since my board isn't too big and I have room to make the power traces wider if need be, I'm not too worried about that. I'm also not too worried about trace inductance because the bypass capacitors should take care of that.What else am I not considering here? Is there a typical way this is done?
3 Phase calculations I have 3-phase utility mains power supply whose phase voltage is 220 V, 50 Hz.I keep getting confused about various calculations of the 3-phase mains as follows:Formula for the line voltage.Formula for the Average and RMS outputs of 3-phase full bridge rectifier.If I use this output of the bridge rectifier as my DC Link voltage to feed a 3-phase full H-bridge and drive it with 3-phase sinusoidal PWM then what will be Average and RMS voltages of the resulting 3-phase sinusoids?
How to properly use an OPB917BOCZ photoswitch? I am building a weather station with an anemometer. I have an OPB917BOCZ photoswitch on-hand that I would like to use as the tachometer if possible. However, I can't seem to have any luck with it.The device has five leads: anode, cathode, GND, Vcc, and output. From the diagram it looks like the anode and Vcc can be hooked together, same with GND and cathode. I tried the reverse as well (cathode and Vcc; anode and GND). I tried measuring the output with a multimeter, but I cannot see anything. My father suggested that it generates pulses and doesn't simply open a gate, so I tried measuring those pulses with a DSO but I don't see any pulses either. He has used one of these devices successfully for a similar purpose, a tach for a spindle on a CNC lathe. He has it wired the same way I tried. Why can't I measure any output? I am getting pretty frustrated. Any suggestions?Thanks.
Removing the smallest supply decoupling capacitors in multilayer boards Hello  I want to make PCB for ADF5901 24GHz power amplifier, it says use 3 capacitor for each supply pin, 10pF, 1nF and 100nF. we have about 6 supply pin.Can we remove 10pf bypass from all pins, If using 4 layer board with 2 parallel power plane?How we can become sure that this is correct decision?Answer that I've found from guys advise and answer, the engineers world is EV-boards and manufacturers recommendation, specially if you have no test equipment and time.
Converting DC Motor's Tachometer Output to DC Using Bridge Rectifier I have a DC motor that its specification states that \"Electric DC motor manufactured by Buehler. Sinusoidal Encoder Output: 11.5 VAC - 870 Hz @ 12 VDC input. No load speed: 6800 RPM. Runs in either direction\"The motor is connected in a NMOS MOSFET amplifier with 12V on the drain. The tachometer's two terminals are connected to a full-wave bridge rectifier which also has a smoothing circuit using a resistor and a capacitor. My problem is the output of the bridge rectifier does not change when I change speed of the motor (I am measuring the output voltage of my smoothing circuit)Does tachometer output value vary respect to its motor's speed ?Is it possible to convert a motor's tachometer output to DC using a bridge rectifier? Should my circuit work ?
Designing a sequence detector(0110) I asked to design a sequence detector to detect 0110 and when this sequence happend turn it's output to 1 for 2 clock cycles.Here is what I designed:But the problem is it turns the output to 1, one clock cycle late IE if it encountered 0110 it doesn't turn output to 1 but instead it turns output to 1 on next positive edge of clk as you can see in below timing diagram.I tried so much to solve it but I can't :(Can someone help me pleaseEdit: I have to add I know the problem is: y2 D flip flop is synchronised with Q1 D flip flop but what to do instead?Edit 2:New state diagram Edit 3:New state diagram
Driving MOSFET from MCU with BJT   1- What is the purpose of D1 in this circuit?  2- Can i connect the PWM output of MCU to Vi through a diode, to protect the MCU from 12V supply of the drive circuit? (e.g. if Vi got accidentally shorted to 12V)  3- Do i need to decrease R2 value if i connect the input through a diode, to compensate for diodes voltage drop, and maintain the base-emiter current? would decreasing R2 value to 560 ohms suffice?(MCU's output high level is 5V, and i'm using TIP122 for BJTs)
What is the purpose behind multiple addressing modes in a processor Processors usually have multiple addressing modes. All processors do not have the same exact same list of addressing modes.When exactly was idea of different addressing modes conceived?Why do we need so many different addressing modes?Why are the addressing modes transparents when programming in high level languages?
Why does turning a MOSFET ON too fast cause ringing? Going though app notes, I can understand that turning it off (i.e. when drain-source voltage is increasing) can cause ringing due to parasitic NPN and also drain-gate capacitor which can charge the gate and turn the MOSFET back on, if the dv/dt is high enough.  But what's the reason behind ringing when turning the MOSFET ON? (i.e. when drain-source voltage is decreasing) How exactly does it happen?Update: Could it be that when people refer to ringing when turning on the MOSFET, they refer specifically to half/full bridge, and not a circuit with only a low side MOSFET? (As turning on the high side MOSFET would cause a positive dv/dt on the low side MOSFET.)
STLink 3.3V target power In order to program a target MCU with STLink you need to connect 4 wires - SWCLK, SWDIO, GND and VCC (3.3V). STLink v2 programmer has 3.3V pin already present and ready to use. But let's say I would like to use my STM32F401 Nucleo-64 development board as a programmer. In this case, I need to remove CN2 jumpers and use SWD connector. The problem is, SWD connector does not have target power (3.3V) pin. Where do I get 3.3V? Can I just take it from nucleo board?
Struggling with current deductions A practical current source with a 1-A short-circuit current and 100-ohm internal resistance is to be used to deliver 1/12 A to a 100-ohm load.  Determine an external resistance that can be placed across the source terminals, to achieve this result.  Express the answer in ohms.
Light Activated Switch Can I use a 12\u00a0V power supply as the source of electricity for this circuit? And where do I connect the positive/negative of my power supply?I'm a bit new to this so please understand, thank you.
Clock Domain Crossing While reading the concept of CLOCK DOMAIN CROSSING I came across the 2 flip-flop synchronizer. If my first flop goes into metastable state, then how will it detect the correct value of data when it will come out of the metastable state? If my input is '1' and after coming out of metastable state my flip flop detects it as '0' then won't it create a problem in circuit as it is propagating false output through the whole circuit?
Long (500ms) Pulse Extender I have an SPST momentary tactile switch and want the pulse, whatever length, to be extended to 500ms (unless of course the button is pressed for longer than 500ms but we can ignore that if we hold the pulse form the rising edge). I don't know if there is a single IC to hold a pulse like this or if I can do it with passive components like resistors and capacitors.
sensor output level shifter I am trying to read a map sensor with an ads1232 ADC.The Map sensor requires 0v(ground) and 5v+ and outputs 2.5v fluctuating +-2.5v depending on the pressure. The ads1232 can read +-2.5v but without the 2.5v DC offset. Has anyone got any simple ideas or can lead me in the right direction on how to shift the 2.5v back to ground.Thanks 
VCVS in LTSpice Operating as a Comparator I am using a VCVS in LTSPICE.I am confused about the command in the Spiceline for using a Table.I want to use the VCVS as a 1 bit Comparator instead of making a transistor based one.What will adding the following spiceline for a VCVS in LTSpice do ?table=(-0.5 0, 0 0, 1.0e-6 1, 0.5 1)Will it set the output to 0 when the VCVS is input with -0.5, 0 output when it gets 0, 1 output when it gets 1u and one output when it gets 1?Is this correct ?Thanks.
What effect does a logic analyzer probe have on a circuit? I have an MCU controlling a LED sign. This sign speaks the HUB75 protocol, which is essentially a large shift register. Being a shift register, this requires a clock signal to be generated, which the MCU appears to do just fine however the sign appears to not interpret it correctly. Annoyingly, connecting a logic analyzer and probe to the offending line causes all glitches to go away, and therefore I ask: what effect does placing a probe onto the signal cause? I'm using a Saleae Logic 8 with it's built-in probes. The datasheet cites an \"input capacitance\" of 10pf, however the effect is not replicated with a 10pf cap to ground.The circuit is running at 3v, but the logic analyzer is powered off of USB, so I'd assume it has 5v -- could this mean there's a pull-up somewhere? I'm running out of ideas, and so I asked here.EDIT: I've done some more testing and the \"fixing\" effect (for lack of a better term) occurs even if the analyzer has no power, just ground and the signal itself.
In an NPN transistor, why doesn't current flow without applying a base voltage? In an NPN transistor, why isn't a typical C-E voltage sufficient to overcome the internal resistance of NPN junction directly? Since we only need 0.7V to overcome the PN junction from the Base to Emitter, isn\u2019t that the same as applying a similar (or slightly higher) voltage from Collector to Emitter to achieve the same outcome?Thinking of it an electronic level, the key thing you\u2019re trying to do is \u2018push\u2019 electrons into an area of negative charge \u2013 i.e. the Collector. I don\u2019t see why the existing potential difference from Emitter to Collector doesn\u2019t do this without a base potential being applied at all.
How do I extend the ribbon cable in the photo? It is a electronic cam lock for lockers. I want the dial pad to be further away from the locking mechanism. Thank you for your help!
PCB design for outdoor use without coating I am making a PCB for a home project: a small weather station that I will place outdoors to collect data. There is now a question of environmental resistance.I can mill out the PCB for free on a relatively old machine. This means that I will not get any protection against the elements out of the box. My question then is: how quickly will the PCB degrade when left outdoors (in a housing) with only tin covering the copper and are there any relatively cheap methods of protecting the PCB against the elements?
Does CodeWarrior IDE support software debugging of MCF51JM128? IDE -CodeWarriorMicrocontroller-MCF51JM128
How to get ip address Schneider PLC controller TM218LDAE40DRPHN? I am new to PLC technology and I am doing the following step, listed below:Connect from PLC to retrieve data through Ethernet using Modbus TCP/IP.  I found that PLC didn't have its IP address listed on it (do PLCs usually have their IP address on it?) but I do have a MAC address: xxxxxx. Then I read some documentation:   <blockquote>  The default IP address is based on the device\u2019s MAC address. The first two bytes are 10 and 10. The last two bytes are the last two bytes of the device\u2019s MAC  address.      The default subnet mask is 255.0.0.0.    NOTE: A MAC address is always written in hexadecimal format, and an IP address  in decimal format. You must convert the MAC address to decimal format.      Example: If the MAC address is xx.xx.xx.xx.xx.xx, the default IP address is  10.10.128.242,</blockquote>So I tried to convert the last two MAC address. Here I got 10.10.161.157, and when I try to ping it it doesn't work.Any suggestion would be nice, thank you.
Can I connect a 16 ohm output signal to a line input if I use a resistor in series? newbie here.I have a Hi-Fi system and I wish to connect its output to a line input in another system while still being able to hear through the Hi-Fi\u00b4s original speakers.If I use the Headphone jack, the speakers will be muted, but my sistem has an extra output meant for \"surround\" speakers. It specifies that this output is for 16 ohm speakers.My question is: If I wanted to use this output as a \"line  level\would it sufice to use resistors in series to rise the impedance to around 47KOhm? or is there a more efficient way of converting this low impedance output to line level?I should add that I do not wish to tap the audio output from the integrated circuit as this is for the moment beyond my ability as I am a complete noob in electronics (but I do not discard the possibility of doing this in the future).
\"Safe\" (but slower) charge method for AGM batteries? My understanding of AGM vs flooded lead acid (FLA) batteries is that FLAs like to gas/outgas but AGMs do not.  It is pretty much a requirement to increase the charge voltage of FLAs so that they gas and \"de-stratify\".  However for AGMs, that is not a requirement, nor is it recommended.So my idea is for AGMs, if you are not in a hurry to charge them, why not just set them at the trickle charge voltage and let them slowly charge (such as overnight)?  An example would be I used my battery bank during the day and it is resting at 12.3V (a mid state of charge for AGM).  Now suppose I have a 13.6V 10A power supply (ps) and just connect it to the battery for many hours.  In theory, I don't have to worry about overcharging the battery since 13.6 is already the battery manufacturer recommended trickle charge / maintain voltage.I have also tried this method with Lithium Iron Phosphate batteries, setting the charge voltage to 14.2V and watching the charge current eventually drop to 0.000A.For AGMs and LiFePO4 (LFP) batteries, it seems like a good safe technique since you are guaranteed not to overcharge the batteries and it is healthy for AGMs to keep the charge voltage lower so there will be no loss of water.So my question is are there any drawbacks (other than slower charge times) for using this method?  What might it do to the life of the battery charging it ONLY this way?
Continuity testing - Why does swapping DMM probes give differing results? Continuity query - Can anyone explain this?Circuit is a simple 12v DC, wired as follows -battery pos to bulb to spst switch back to battery earth. Testing with DMM in the dedicated audible continuity mode.With switch open, all points from battery pos up to the switch read continuity as one would expect.If one closes the switch (live circuit) repeating the above test gives a negative, no continuity result - which i understand to be correct as continuity testing should be done on non-live circuit. BUT... if I then swap the DMM probes over (neg DMM to Battery pos) (still on live circuit) all points on the circuit now read continuity (beep)Also this situation occurs just testing across battery terminals - pos to pos and neg to neg no continuity, but swapping so DMM neg to battery pos gives continuity.
Wiring Embedded Display Port (eDP) to a full-size Display port In spare time, I repair laptop computers. Pretty much all of the screens in them now use this \"eDP\" Display Port technology and I thought \"this could turn out to be great for troubleshooting\" because now there is some standardization. If a laptop came in with a blank screen for example, maybe I could connect a full size Display Port cable to the motherboard, to see if there is a fault with the eDP circuit or if the screen itself is dead. After soldering 5 or 6 jumper wires, I could potentially know where the fault is, in just a few minutes.Microsoldering is no issue for me, and although this is a long winded way to test things (I could just go and buy an eDP tester or buy a known good screen) I did find it interesting to have a go at the cable - but I have had mixed results and need some help in determining what I'm missing.My research found that eDP requires the following:Main LaneAUX LaneHot Plug...and ground lines.I used a small 11 inch netbook motherboard that I know uses an eDP screen (I have the schematic \"quanta_zhk_r3a_20140630_schematics.pdf\"). I removed the eDP ribbon connector and soldered a terminal block with jumper wires to it. Then I connected the above lines to a standard Display Port cable, from which I had cut off the plug.The external eDP cable was plugged into my Dell Display Port monitor, but it gave no image. I connected an HDMI monitor to the motherboard as well, so I could monitor what was going on (i.e. if a second screen was detected). I got as far as the motherboard detecting both monitors (they were both listed in Display Properties) but no matter what I did, I could not get any image on my external eDP screen. I tried all of the multi-monitor options and even booted without an HDMI monitor connected.The Display Port monitor doesn't \"wake\" up at all, even though the computer is obviously able to read the displays information (which is apparently gathered via the AUX/Hotplug lines). So it would appear that these lines must be connected OK.This motherboard only has one lane (lane 0). I tried connecting every lane (0-3) on the cable to lane 0 on the motherboard, but I still got no image and it would not wake up.Could this be something to do with the motherboard only having a single lane? Or am I missing something?I've got this far, I'd like to see it through! I have subsequently read of other people being successful in connecting, for example, iPad eDP screens to a PC etc. So why is this being so difficult?Many thanks. 
How do electrons carry thermal energy in Peltier coolers? I've read that when electrons enter from metal to semiconductor type N, they gain thermal energy and make that side cooler and the reverse happens when they leave semiconductor to the conductor.Why does this happen?  How do electrons gain, hold, transfer and lose this thermal energy in this process?
A GPIO pin opening/closing a high power circuit? sorry if this a very beginner question but I'm still quite new to the field of electronics generally.I have a requirement to connect a Raspberry Pi to an existing electronic lock, and hopefully use a signal from one of the GPIO pins to cause the lock to unlock. I've been advised that the electronic lock is a 1A circuit, at (I think) 12V, and that any time the circuit is closed, the lock is triggered. Meanwhile, the RPi operates at 3.3V, with a 2-20mA output per pin and a 50mA limit.Given this, what solutions do I have for allowing a logic signal from the RPi to control the much higher-power lock circuit? Initial research seems to suggest simply a transistor or relay of some sort would suffice, but my attempts to understand how I'd wire these together have been spectacularly unsuccessful. All my programming for the RPi is fine, I can drive the pin (or several pins if needed) high or low at the appropriate time - I just can't figure out how to let it control a 1A circuit. Do I need a full circuit of some sort that connects to both, or is there a way to just use a single component here?
USB Power Only - Detect Device Plugged In I have a project that I need to complete for work. We have been working on this project for a while, however I have come to a bit of a road block. I'll first lay out the important points.We have a Raspberry Pi &amp; a USB Hub with Charge Only cables plugged into it.We want to be able to turn the power from the USB Hub to the device on/off depending on certain conditions.The USB Hub, we want to detect if a device (e.g. Smart Phone or Portal Battery Charger) has been plugged into one of the charge cables. We have charge cables currently, they plug and receive charge straight away.I'm currently using uhubctl to turn on/off ports.Using Linux, I need to detect a device being plugged in/unpluggedProblem: When I use Data &amp; Charge cables, I fall into 2 issues.iPhone require their users to \"trust\" the device first before it will accept charge.It opens a vulnerability in terms of juice jacking which I'd like to avoid.Solution: Don't use Data &amp; Charge cables, use charge only. Problem with this approach is I cannot detect a device being plugged in.With that information, I have hit a bit of a roadblock in terms of available hardware to achieve our goal.So, my question boils down to this:Is the approach and I'm taking correct. What I mean is: Using the USB Hub &amp; Charge Only cables.Is there any available solutions out there in the market that you could suggest I investigate?Is there another potential approach I have not considered that you could suggest?I don't need any data, so charge cables are a perfect solution if possible (not mandatory though). But, I need to be able to detect if a device has plugged into the USB Hub (or other device that is capable of doing so).
Altium pin parameters in symbols thanks for the many great questions and answers over the  years.  This is my first question.I use Altium Designer for capturing designs.<br>I had an idea to make my processor components a little more flexible/readable.  With all the functions that can be held by processor pins these days, having all the functions in one name is unwieldy.  Perhaps I could put into the pin, as parameters f1 f2 ..., all the different pin functions and make them visible when needed and hide the original Display Name of the pin.  I like the idea so far but I always have to ask what dangerous beast is waiting for me down the road.  Can anyone see a drawback to this method?  I believe in the schematic a pin could be modified to show a different name/function parameter by editing the pin if needed and hide the ones not needed.Maybe someone has done this before if you have I would appreciate knowing any drawbacks to this approach.Thanks in advance
Can I change op-amp supply voltage without affecting circuit behaviour I am working on an audio project which is based upon various sections of several different schematics from various old musical instruments.I want to make a test board that has multiple different active filter and eq circuits that I have pulled from the old schematics. So that I can play around and compare them.In many cases, these schematics are built around the same op-amps, or filter ICs (vintage SSM/CEM filter ics) but the bi-polar supply voltages to these ics vary from product to product. Some operate on +/- 12V some on +/-15V I even have one that works on +/-18V.Obviously, it gets more complicated to have multiple different voltages on my board, so my question is, can I standardise the bi-polar supply to all circuits without it changing the characteristics or frequency response, or would the complete circuits need to be rescaled?If the latter is true, where do I even start?thank you
Standards for conducted EMI testing I have some doubts to interpret the CISPR standards, one of them is in relation to the test environment for EMI conducted (150kHz up to 30MHz). The minimum size indicated for the vertical or horizontal ground plane is 2m x 2m. Would it be constructively possible to join two planes of 2m x 1m to form one?Some with this knowledge could help me?Thank you.
pro micro timers and controlled pins datasheet I am using a Pro Micro with a ATMega32U4, where can I find timer number and which pins that controlled?I just found Arduino Mega: (tested on Arduino Mega 2560)timer 0 (controls pin 13, 4)timer 1 (controls pin 12, 11)timer 2 (controls pin 10, 9)timer 3 (controls pin 5, 3, 2)timer 4 (controls pin 8, 7, 6)Can I use this?Thanks
What are the 15 wires on my 700W BLDC servo motor for? So I have this 48V 700W DC servo motor and I cannot find the datasheet from the supplier. Unlike most stepper and servo motors, this one has 15 wires coming out of it. It says that it has an encoder built-in, so I suppose that is partly why it has so many wires.At least it has a sticker on it that gives some labels. Here is what the label says:Red: +5VBlue: AGreen: BYellow: ZBrown: UGray: VWhite: WBlack: 0VBlue/Black: A-Green/Black: B-Yellow/Black: Z-Brown/Black: U-Gray/Black: V-White/Black: W-Shell: ShieldIf you have any idea what this means or know where I can find out, I would really appreciate it.
Voltages in electronics I'm wondering how exactly voltages are transfer between wires. I mean, once I've a voltage lets say 5v and I pulls from it a \"wire\" (not resistor) then at the end of the \"dangling\" wire itself the voltage is 5V and I know why! but I ask how exactly 5v transfer to the wire to be the voltage at the end of the wire 5v?! is it taking time while transfer from voltage source to the end of the wire?!for example lets say I have voltage source(5v) and I pulls from it a dangling wire, so at the dangling wire the voltage is 5v, is it take time from the voltage source 5v to be transferred to the dangling wire to be 5v?! I mean once we connected dangling wire to the source of 5v, is it taking time from the the time that I connected \"dangling wire\" to voltage source(5v) to be 5v at the wire?thanks in advance.
Coax cable shielding understanding at AC I know that AC changes its polarity once a cycle. We use coaxial cable for protecting the signal from magnetic interference. But if the cycle is negative then it it will flow in the shielding, won't it? So unprotected.
Opto switch for detecting translucent polypropylene I am building a liquid handler (a CNC machine that pipettes small quantities of liquids). The machine switches polypropylene \"tips\" between pipetting different fluids. Positional accuracy within 0.5mm of the pipette tips is key. However, I have sourced tips from several different manufactures and in each batch there are some tips that are slightly bent/warped. I would like to find the position of the bottom of the pipette tip to calculate any offset into the g-code if the pipette tip is bent. (Note: The diameter of the bottom of the pipette tip is 0.75mm.) These tips are very fragile, so I would prefer not to bump them into mechanical switches. I wanted to use optical switches, but polypropylene has a high transmission of IR wavelengths, and thus do not trigger optical switches. So my question: is there a way to optically detect polypropylene? Polypropylene has a low transmission at 3250 nm. This is my first post to StackExchange let me know if detail/formatting is lacking. Thank you for your time.
I have a 24vac input, and want to use a NO relay so an arduino knows when the relay is closed I had thought I could just connect the 24vac input to a relay input, and then setup a pin as an input on the arduino and be able to know that the relay had closed.  But now I'm reading that relays need a minimum current or some such, and I don't really understand how I could meet that since I'll have no load.I know just barely enough to even be dangerous.  Am I even making sense?
How can you change grid voltage in a vaccuum valve? I understand in a valve the level of amplification is determined by changes in the voltage of the grid or in the anode, but how can you change the voltage of the grid? And can this be done dynamically, so that you have different voltages over time?
Capacitor effects I've read about capacitor and its operations, and I'm still confused about this question: lets assume I have circuit which I have source voltage parallel to capacitor and I've waited amount of time till the capacitor is fully charged, so in other words the voltage of the source is equal to the Vc (voltage on the capacitor) ; afterwards I have appended to the circuit a resistor which it's parallel to the capacitor i.e I have now source voltage parallel with charged capacitor and both are paralleled with resistor , my question will the capacitor now flow current to the resistor? if so, how could the capacitor discharge/flow current to the resistor if there's the source voltage on it(it's stable) which supposedly can't flow current to capacitor or from it...my question how could also capacitor after being charged will be discharged although there's a stable voltage source connected to it?!thanks for helpers    
How do we compute power from current and voltage samples? Can we quantify its accuracy? I have a datalogger that periodically samples current values by measuring the voltage across a power resistor connected in series with a battery and sensor (the load). The datalogger also samples the voltage across the sensor. Let's call the current samples i[n] and voltage samples v[n]. Sampling of both signals is controlled programmatically (i.e., I specify in code how often to sample each parameter).  p(t)=i(t)v(t) and if we had measured the current and voltage signals continuously (as analog signals and not sampling, as I'd done), we could have built a circuit that \"continuously multiplied\" i(t) and v(t). p(t) would have been a continuous value. Instead, we have the discretized the signal by sampling it and so we could only compute p[n] as i[n]*v[n]. How representative is p[n] of the actual power being drawn, p(t)? Why might someone (say an engineer who's in charge of designing the power subsystem) be interested in sampling p[n] at a higher frequency? Also, what can we say about p[n] if the samples weren't simultaneous (i.e., i[1] was measured 1.5 seconds from the start and v[1] was measured 1.525 seconds from the start)? 
ETSI EN 300 220-1 General performance criteria In Chapter \"general performance criteria\" the standard states that these criteria, for receiver performance tests, are equivlent:after demodulation, a data signal with a bit error ratio of 1% without correctionafter demodulation, a message acceptance ratio of 80%My questions are:What is a message and is it equivalent to a packet?If not, how does it relate to a packet?I am asking this because there is a formula which converts BER to PER and I would like to know if I can use it but just exchange message with packet.
tilt switch to activate power socket I am after a way to activate a 300 W LED lamp to come on when a trampoline is jumped on and to turn off when the mat goes level again, then back on when jumped on and so forth.I was thinking tilt switch but unsure if it would work right, so was wondering if anyone had any ideas. I am also open for the idea for someone to make it for me too. I need to make about 85 of them.
Power strips show fault in some outlets but not others I'm not sure if this is on topic or not, but I thought I would ask.I have a few power strips (surge protectors) in my house that I use for computers, TV, etc.Some of these have a \"fault\" or \"surge\" light on them.  Some of them have \"protected\" light.These are three prong power strips.My question is, why do these show surge or fault on some outlets and on others, they do not.  I'm assuming it's some polarity issue with neutral and hot?  I know almost nothing about AC current.Also, should I be concerned about this or should I have an electrician inspect these outlets?Thanks.
USB Backwards-Compatibility Is the USB 3.0 (and latest 3.2) specification only guaranteed to bebackwards compatible to USB 2.0?Some Arduino microcontrollers follow the original low-speed 1.5 Mb/sUSB standard, so equivalently, are new smartphones and laptops notguaranteed to work with them?  A specific example product whichdoes not support low-speed USB would help.
Help deciphering abbreviated terms in technical manual I'm having trouble deciphering some abbreviations in a parts list of capacitors from a technical manual for an old (80s-90s) computer.  I've managed to work out that \"CPCTR\" stands for \"Capacitor\however I'm not sure about the abbreviations after that.  I guess they describe the type of capacitor? Here's the different types listed:CPCTR CPLTCPCTR CER (\"Ceramic\" maybe?)CPCTR TANTCPCTR DCPLR (\"DC Polarized\" maybe?)CPCTR ALECThe one I really need to translate is CPCTR DCPLR.  The others are provided mainly for context.  Google has been no help I'm afraid.  
Can MQ-135 Gas Sensor be used to make DIY CO2 level monitor? So I am thinking of building an device to measure CO2 levels in the air DIY fashion as premade equipment costs upwards of 100$.I have found some information on how to build such a device using Arduino and a MQ-135 Gas Sensor. Seeing how the MQ-135 sensor is about 5 bucks I was wondering if it would be able to actually measure CO2 parts in the air, as other CO2 specific sensors I have found are more in the hundreds of dollars price range.Has the MQ-135 Gas Sensor already been used for projects like this?
Multiple slaves with identical address on multi-master I2C bus I'm planning a hardware design, where I have a main board and multiple peripheral boards. On each of these boards is a microcontroller with I2C, which is the communication bus for the boards. The same kind of a peripheral board can be attached multiple times to the bus.The microcontroller (will be an ARM, not specified yet) supports dual address. My idea now is, to set one address to an unique address (with switches for example) and the second to a \"group\" address, which will be the same for one kind of peripheral.Is it possible to send commands from my main board to the peripheral, as long it doesn't need a \"read back\" (only master -> slave)?For me, it looks like the same functionality as for the general call with address 0x00 except it allows me to make \"grouped\" general call. But I don't know for sure, if this will work.
Sum-of-products, simplication can you help to simply the following boolean expression?F = /ABC + /AB/C + ABC + AB/C + /A/BC + /A/B/CUsing an online I found out the solution which should be = B + /ABut I am not sure of the last step = /AB(C + /C) + AB(C + /C)  +  /A/B( C + /C ) simplify using rule 6= /AB + AB + /A/B    (OR Distributive Law)= B(/A + A) + /A/B  simplify using rule 6= B + /A/B      expand using Distributive law until here (B + /A/B) I think I am correct From here below I am not sure I took the right way = (B + /B)(B +/A)     AND Distributive law A + (B.C) = (A + B).(A + C)   = (B + /B)(B +/A) simplify using rule 6= B + /A
What tools can I use for parametric circuit analysis? I have analog circuit designs that I want to analyze for accuracy, etc. according to the component variations based on tolerance, temperature, etc. To elaborate further, imagine there is a circuit designed with couple of resistors and an opamp, and based on their nominal values we have an expected output. How does this output change based on the possible changes in the circuit element parameters? (tolerance and temperature dependency of the resistors, offset voltage and bias current of the opamp, etc.)
270v DC current limiting circuit I have looked through some of the current limiting responses, but don\u2019t see any close to what I\u2019m working on for my project.I have an EV system running in around 200 - 270V DC. I want to build a circuit that will allow me to connect an external say 280V DC LiPeO4 battery bank and charge up the internal DC system. Obviously, I don\u2019t want to dump the total current possible when the circuit is made. I have a Gigavac high voltage relay that can make the circuit.I want something that will limit the charge to say 20A at 270V DC to the internal battery system to \u2018top it up\u2019 in real time. I\u2019m an engineer but more in thermal/mechanical with some electrical background, but not in ICs or design.Any help is appreciated, but remember to keep it simple (e.g. pretend I\u2019m a 10yo) :D
Concurrent central and peripheral mode with BLE I'm having an ARM M3 which I would like to connect on one hand to a smart phone for data visualization and to two sensors for data acquisition on the other hand. Both connections should be BLE.My understanding is that this would require concurrent mode (central to peripheral), where peripheral is required to talk to the smart phone and central to talk to the sensors, correct?I have a BLUENRG-132 from ST around but could find any information regarding concurrent mode. Is this normally supported by these devices or do I have to implement some kind of switching myself? Or isn't possible at all?
Charging 8 LiIon 18650 cells in parallel I'm working on project that is Powered with 8 LiIon batteries/cells connected in parallel. Everything Works fine until batteries run out of \"juice\".For charging module I decided to use TP4056(@ 1A). Now, problem is - TP4056 module can charge only one LiIon cell at the time, so I need 8 modules for proper charging(one module per cell). There is two versions of TP4056 module, one with over discharge Protection(pins: B+, B-, OUT+, OUT-), one without Protection(pins: OUT+, OUT-), so I decided to go with module that has over discharge Protection(now I'm asking myself why I did that).Next is scheme(I don't have it but I'll write it):Pins OUT+ and OUT- are connected in parallel(between modules). Those pins are in use as VCC for project(let's say it's \"power source\").One cell is connected on B+ and B- pins of one module. With that way one module charges only one cell(as it should).But!Yesterday I found that sometimes(since I buy from eBay) those Protection modules have problem/bug and they aren't reliable. Also later I found that cut-off voltage is 2.5V, while manufactuer recommends 3V(in most LiIon cells). I guess this design will fail so I decided to find another solution.So my question is:How to make this same \"design\" with TP4056 without over discharge Protection(only OUT+ and OUT- pins)? How I should connect batteries with modules so only one module charges one cell? Any advices?I paid more than \u20ac50 for those 8 cells and last thing I want to do is to destroy them with wrong charging \"design\".I'm not sure is my solution correct so I wrote this question.My solution is:Connect cell's positive pole to OUT+ pin of TP4056 and same thing with negativ pole(to OUT-).Connect cells in parallel and that use as power souce.So my thinking is:While charging, current will flow where is less resistance(as river in nature), it will flow from OUT+ through cell then from negative pole to OUT-. Is that correct? But if cells are used as power souce then current will flow as normal in parallel connection. Am I right?Thanks a lot!
I2C bus isolation for dummies Consider you have two devices designed to be I2C masters in same bus. However, only one of them is operational at a time and the other one is completely powered down. In my case the devices have internal pull-ups on SDA/SCL so when one device is powered off, it'll effectively kill the whole bus which is obviously not good.It should be super simple to just severe powered down device's SDA and SCL lines from the bus when it's VCC is low, and re-attach them when it's VCC is high. Like a relay switch. But when I try to google for what I think I need, I get some big mains voltage relay stuff which (while I guess it could work) is a bit too dumb for my taste. My devices and I2C bus are 3v3.There must be a word or technical term I'm missing here. What am I looking for and where to buy one piece of that component?
How can I isolate the output of a SMPS What options do I have for isolating the input and output of a switch-mode power supply?I think one method could be to use a transformer.I have read that many SMPS designs use a high-frequency transformer. What does this mean, and does this provide isolation?
TrueSTUDIO look and feel I have used Keil uVision and Microchip MPLABX IDE's a lot for various MCUs. Now starting to use Atollic TrueSTUDIO for STM32 MCUs.But even after spending many weeks on trueSTUDIO and building many small example codes in it.. i still do not feel comfortable as it was in the other 2 IDEs mentioned above. It was more easy to see the code and focus on it in those IDE's while the trueSTUDIO has so many views on the window that keeps you distracting and its difficult to keep focus on the code..Can anyone suggest how to make the look and feel of trueSTUDIO simple?Someone told me that it's possible to use some other editor like Notepad++ for code writing and the compiler, linker etc toolchain from the trueSTUDIO. Is it advisable and how can that be done?
How does a non-isolated SMPS work? My understanding is as follows:For an isolated SMPS, we first rectify the input ac voltage, then convert it to a square pulse using a switching regulator. It is then stepped down using a transformer, and then again rectified.For a non-isolated SMPS supply, I think we either first rectify it and then pass it through the switching regulator, or we first pass the input ac voltage through a switching regulator to get the desired voltage, and then rectify it to get a dc voltage.I would also appreciate if anyone can please share a block diagram of a non isolated SMPS.
Prevent oscilloscope scrolling BackgroundI already have a (2nd hand) Philips PM 3253 oscilloscope. Although it has many features and is fast (50 MHz) the display is so bad, it's barely usable.Therefore I bought another (2nd hand) oscilloscope, a Philips PM 3110 (2 channel, 10 MHz) with far less features). The display is much better.QuestionHowever, when I for example show a square wave on the oscilloscope, it is scrolling very fast, I have about 2 waves per square (cm). I tried moving the X position knob, but that only makes the left or right side being clipped/invisible. And changing the X Magn. knob changes the scrolling, but in no way I can keep it more or less steady. I tried moving along the entire X Magn range and tried different Time Div. knob values.What am I doing wrong? I see sometimes pictures of e.g. sinus or square waves which are not moving \u2026 or is that because a (very fast) picture is made?
Eagle Change all part names (Designator) I would like to change all my part numbers(Designator Name) one by one, but Eagle does not allow to change a component name with a name that already exists. So what is the fastest way to change all parts name?  (I already know about renumber ULP function but it does not let you pick your own name)
Way to reset an MCU when it's GPIO output becomes constant HIGH or LOW instead of a low frequency PWM In one of our projects, we are observing MCU hanging up supposedly due to EFT. WDT is not helping. The only way to get the device into working condition is to reset the MCU by reset pin or power cycle.Resetting/power cycle is not the most convenient way of solving this issue. I have an idea which can solve the issue but I am not sure how to implement it or whether a standard IC exists that can do the job. This IC should not be an MCU because this IC itself can hang. Idea is to generate a low frequency PWM by toggling a GPIO which is then fed to a circuit/IC. The circuit/IC resets the MCU if it doesn't receive a PWM. I specifically need a PWM instead of constant HIGH/LOW because when the system hangs, the PIN can either get stuck to a HIGH or a LOW position. 
dc voltage control for LED lights? I'm looking for a little bit of help on a project I'm working on. I need to find some way to make led light bars (18w and 120w) to automatically start out dim and gradually brighten to full brightness over a few seconds when they get power and turn on. They are activated by a infrared motion activated switch and ran off of a car battery. It's for night hunting lights and I need the function to keep from spooking animals when the green lights suddenly turn on. I've shot one wild hog with it, but I want to make it even better. I need it to be waterproof simple and something I can integrate easily into my current build. Any ideas?
Led driver high current and voltage For a project I have to design a led beacon that will consist of +400 LEDS. These LEDS will be driven only a short amount of time maximum of 3% duty cycle (frequency: 100Hz, pulse: 300us). The LEDS have a individual Vf of 5v and an If of 5A for this short surge. I wonder if there are smarter ways to make a led driver because the way I'm thinking about now is to create a led driver from a current shunt, mosfet and opamp. So that the current is adjustable and the surge duration is adjustable. When I look into led drivers the downside is normally that they have a fixed frequency and only PWM dimming. Is there a better way to do this since I'm now looking into combining 16 LEDS in serie and 25 (or more) of these strings parallel. The flash frequency and duration must be adjustable by microcontroller.Summary specs per led:If: 5AVf: 5VFrequency: 20-100 HzPulse: 102-300 usPowered by mains power and there will be a capacitor bank.Lifetime and durability is more important then cost and space. 
ESD Grounding Straps with No Chassis Ground I've got water pump device that needs to pass ESD testing (IEC 61000-4-2, 8kV contact, 15kV air discharge).On this device (as circled in red), there are these four metal inlets.  At 2kV with an ESD gun this device is hard resetting, on any contact with the metal inlets.  So I'm assuming the ESD is triggering the reset pin (or some other condition) on the microcontroller.This is a friend's device, and built by a hobbyist of sorts.  He used a single layer board with no signal GND plane of sorts, and we are going to redesign the board to 4 layers with TVS, ferrites, and series resistors as needed to protect the microcontroller lines.  There'll be as large a possible signal GND plane on this board for the TVS to shunt the ESD transients.So in the ideal, that will fix our ESD issues.  BUT, what about ground straps from each metal inlet to provide a low impedance path for the ESD transient before it even approachs the board?The enclosure is all plastic, and there is no chassis GND.On the four metal inlets, where could you ground those if you just have the one PCB in the system?   I'm thinking we would have an isolated area on the PCB that runs straight to signal GND with these four straps from the metal inlets?  How are folks making these types of connections to chassis ground (if we had a chassis ground)?  I'm thinking of soldering a wire to the metal inlet -- is there something off-the-shelf that works better that's commonly used for these types of connections?Should all four straps run to one central location in the far corner of the PCB that feeds to the signal GND?I was brainstorming a wire with a ferrite in series that would dissipate the ESD as it comes in from the metal inlets and goes to our PCB signal GND?
Wire size question I am trying to figure out AWG from a European/German schematic. The wire is listed as 0,3mm. (That's 0 (comma) 3mm.) I can find wire for sale in this diameter, but I need a reference to AWG. Is anyone familiar this measurement? The circuit is two parallel 807 vacuum tubes. The wire mentioned above is to wind a parasitic suppressor in both of the plates of the tubes. Thanks.
Need a solution: Why does the battery voltage drop for custom PCB? I have a custom PCB to control a solenoid or DC motor.Input voltage 6-7 volts with 4 batteries in series.I have a few questions:Why does the voltage drop by 1V to 1.5V when the switch is pressed to rotate solenoid or dc motor for 0.5 seconds?  Can anyone explain and provide a solution so that it doesn't drop?I tried some non-rechargeable and rechargeable batteries. Almost all non-rechargeable batteries that I tried, the voltage drop was not fast or extreme, while every time I use a battery that can be recharged in one day the voltage drops so that the PC doesn't turn on. After I checked, out of 4 batteries, 2 voltages were in good condition, while 2 batteries dropped as they ran out of voltage. Could anyone explain and give the cause and what should I check?
What is the value of the given resistor? I tried checking with 5 band color code but was unsuccessful.Resistor is blown hence the value cannot be determined using multimeter.
Proper oscilloscope connection to prevent ground looping I have a question about proper oscilloscope connection for doing work on vintage stereo equipment (120v AC input to +-76v DC board voltage).Our house wiring is a 1950\u2019s 2 wire system with no ground wire to the outlets. The only earth ground in the house is a bare copper wire from the breaker box to water main. There is also an earth ground at the service transformer in the alley.I need to know how to properly connect an oscilloscope and DUT in this environment to prevent ground looping.  Obviously, neither the scope nor DUT is earth grounded when plugged in?  What\u2019s the potential difference between the two (are they both floating)?  If I\u2019m probing, am I the only earth ground in this situation?  I don\u2019t know how isolating the DUT would accomplish anything?  Would a battery operated scope be an option (still needs an earth ground) and what about probe isolation?  Is a differential probe the only real option?  I want to be able to do this safely, but reasonably too.
Connecting an Arduino to Raspberry Pi I'm trying to connect an arduino with 3 sg92r servo motors on it and an RPI with and lcd and the serial of the arduino connected to it.They are both connected to a power supply with 9v/1A and 5v/2.5A for arduino and rpi respectively. Is this possible?or can I just connect the arduino to the rpi without connecting the arduino to the power supply?
Connecting an Arduino to Raspberry Pi I'm trying to connect an arduino with 3 sg92r servo motors on it and an RPI with and lcd and the serial of the arduino connected to it.They are both connected to a power supply with 9v/1A and 5v/2.5A for arduino and rpi respectively. Is this possible?or can I just connect the arduino to the rpi without connecting the arduino to the power supply?
simulate a motor with resistor and inductor I want to simulate a motor with a resistor and inductor. It means I want to connect a resistor and inductor to 1-phase or 3-phase instead of a motor. For achieving this goal I have to measure both active and reactive power and calculate the value of resistor and inductor. Is it possible? I mean is it a right way to consume active and reactive power with resistor and inductor?And if it is right, how is the connection of resistor and inductor. Parallel or series? 
ESP32 with two 18650 batteries I have ESP32s.I want to power the board with two 18650 around 7 volt in total  (3.6v * 2 ).Is that possible?Note that I have around 3 sensors. What is the best way to power them?connect the sensors directly to the esp32 VCCor connect them to the battery?I also want to know what the max voltage input for the esp32 is.
555 timer circuitry I have a 555 pulse generator controlling a relay going a little faster than 1hz. It  is hooked up to start up when it receives positive voltage from the switched accessory circuit of a vehicle. That much works fine, but I would like to limit the number of pulses it puts out to around 15 or so, and then stop until the next time the vehicle is switched back on. Using another 555 chip, I thought about making a \"one-shot\" pulse generator to control the first one, but it seems that this circuit requires a negative pulse to initiate it. That doesn't quite work for the automated status that I require. Any thoughts?
Corona and conductor We are decreasing corona by increasing conductor size and making it hollow but according to definition corona depends on level of voltage so eventhough you make it hollow and increase conductor size there won\u2019t be any change in voltage transmitted so I didn\u2019t get the fact how corona decreases by conductor size.Some say it is because of potential gradient, others say skin effectSkin effect - current flows around the conductor not at the centre so if we increase the hollowness of conductor Is it possible that more air will be prone to ionise than before?
Drivers for high power RF switches I am currently working on an RF project and using a high power RF SPDT switch. The control voltages of this switch are between 0V/-40V. If the control voltage is 0V, then the corresponding path is ON and if it's -40V then the path is OFF.I wish to control this switch using a microcontroller. I know I would need a driver between the microcontroller GPIO pin and the RF SPDT control pin. Assuming I have a -40V rail available in the system, how could one convert the microcontroller GPIO signal (for example, working between 0V to 3.3V) to those required by this switch?One option that I imagined is to use a level shifter. However, level shifters working in these voltage ranges are not available off the shelf. So I thought of building one using high power MOSFETs. But this solution would need several MOSFETs, thereby costing some PCB area.Are there any other smart solutions for this problem?Thanks.
Frequency tracking PLL type I'm unable to understand which PLL type (1 or 2) is better suited for frequency tracking and why? Can anyone explain how that additional integrator in type 2 will affect tracking?Thanks in advance!
Circuit with a single buzzer but multiple L.E.D and switches I need to design a circuit that has three LEDs, each LED has its own push button switch, but there is only one common buzzer.Goal: when a push button is pressed its corresponding LED should glow along with the buzzer sound.Design the circuit with single battery source.Design the circuit with two battery sources such that when a push button is pressed LED should glow from one battery source and buzzer should sound from other battery source.Please help me with either of the above two circuit diagrams.
High pass filter for electret mic to mobile phone I\u2019m currently working on making a lavalier microphone for use with my phone and gopro camera. I know these types of microphones are readily available and can be purchased fairly cheap, but where would be the fun in that? I\u2019ve purchased lavalier mics in the past and dissected and realized that they connect the electret microphone straight to the trrs jack using the 2-3v supplied by the mobile device or camera to power the microphone.  I\u2019m trying to do the same but between the ECM and the TRRS I want to add a high pass filter. I attempted to try this on breadboard and there is no signal coming through with a high pass filter of 97 Hz.  Using a 170 ohm resister and 10uf capacitor. I have done some research and I cannot find anything that pertains to my exact predicament.  What I did, Electret mic + to 10uf cap then to trrs but between the Cap and TRRS I put a 170 ohm resister to the ground wire.The - side of mic I connected straight to ground on trrs with the 170 ohm resistor connecting to it. Here is a horribly drawn illustration of how I wired the mic. EDIT!!!!!!! Guys take a look at this circuit now and see if it\u2019s better. 
Buck converter MOSFET getting hot I am building a solar charge controller. I have based the design on pwm5 by Julian illet (circuit diagram attached). I am trying to convert this PWM charge controller in to a mppt one. The buck converter I am using is shown on the second picture. Switching frequency is 31.5 kHz. I have no idea of the inductor I'm using (see the third picture). My problem was that both IRF3205 are getting very hot. But the IRF3205 I'm using as a diode in the buck converter stopped heating up when I changed the switching frequency to 31.5kHz.Switching MOSFET is not heating up when it is operating in PWM mode, but the addition of the buck converter circuit makes it toasty. There are no heat sinks on any of the MOSFETs.
Rounding up or down with Motor Overcurrent Protection When sizing motor over-current protection, CSA 22.1 28-200 3a states that a circuit breaker can be sized up to 250% of the rated full load amperage (FLA) of the motor.<blockquote>  E.g. 100hp, 575VAC motor draws 99A (CSA 22.1 Table 44): 99A * 250% = 247.5A</blockquote>Usually I would've rounded up and selected a 250A circuit breaker. I just noticed today that in the over-current example on page 662 that they always size the the next lowest standard size and specified a 225A circuit breaker. This makes sense since a 250A circuit breaker is past 250% of FLA. However, Rule 28-200 4c goes on to state that if the circuit breaker above isn't large enough for the motor to start that you can go up to 300% of the motor FLA (297A). Therefore, 250A isn't in violation.My question:As a rule of thumb, when sizing motor branch over-current protection, should you round up or down to the next standard breaker size? If rounding up, do you need to prove that the motor couldn't start with the smaller sized breaker?Does the answer to #1 change when considering feeder over-current protection?
Delay pulse (trigger) for a variable delay respectively to 0-5V input I have a circuit where i detect zero-crossing (Mains EU 230V 50Hz) with opto to arduino(interrupts). Then I need to delay (from 0 to 10 milliseconds) it to trigger Triac gate. but then I need another arduino to tell the first one how long the delay should be.The variable delay should be like mapping 0-5V to delay time. so 0V no pulse(delay is indefinite) and 5V = no delay and 2,5V delay should be somewhere 5milliseconds.I am not that good in electronics but i know that AC phase control can be done without first arduino. I have been checking 555 timers but am a bit lost.So the end circuitry should be zero crossing triggering every 10 milliseconds (have this already with short pulses of 5V) to circuit where I would with PWM or 0-5V set the delay 0 to 10 milliseconds and send again a pulse out (DONT HAVE) to trigger Triac.Or at least point me to direction I should look into. Is timer 555 the right way or something else? 
Peltier temperature change speed I currently have four 12V 6A peltiers connected to PID's, heatsinks, a power supply and I use Labview program to control them. What I want to achieve is changing the temperature of the Peltier devices from 35 degrees C to 15 degrees C under 10 seconds. It seems like Peltier devices can't keep up with the changes in voltage, always follow with a delay and reach the desired temperature a little bit later than I want. I need suggestions for this. What causes this delay? With what kind of equipment, input changes I can fix the problem? How to decrease the temperature change time in Peltier devices?
How to measure radio signal strength I am building several types of radio antennas, and I would like to test which is the most effective.  I am wondering: What is the best way to measure the strength of the received signal?It is at ~151 MHz and 2 watt transmission power, and I will be testing over a distance of at least a couple of hundred feet. The results don't have to be calibrated, only correct relative to one another. Any ideas?Edit as per comment request:I am transmitting from a handheld unit which is capable of 2, 4, and 8 watt transmission power, but I am using the 2 watt setting to comply with MURS regulations.  The ideal measurement device would be low cost or home made, such as the one described in the answer below.  Thanks in advance.
Is wire-wrap spacing and consistency important in electromagnets? I'm creating an electromagnet (several, actually) to test a hall effect switch. I understand that more wire wraps (turns) increases the magnetic B-field, as does more electric current. Adding more turns of course increases the resistance because there is more wire. I can specify the voltage and change wire gauge to accommodate whatever current is needed, so I have some flexibility.My questions are, for a given length of core (ferrite rod):Do the wraps need to be fairly uniform and consistent, or are small gaps of little consequence?How do 2+ layers of wire affect performance? I assume that as layers are added and radius from core center increases, the effectiveness of those layers diminishes. Is this correct, and is there a \"rule of thumb\" as to how many layers I should consider a maximum?
percision timing ratio of multiple lights blinking with different durations and intervals I'm learning a lot of this as I go, my background is mostly in programming.  I'm trying to setup a timing circuit for two sets of lights going into a model, and am trying to determine the best way to go about it. The setup is this: The first light set starts on, then goes off at 0.5s then stays off for 1s.  The second set of lights come on for 0.025s in the middle of the on and off periods of the first lights so on at 0.25 sec for 0.025s and then again at 1s.I've done some rough prototyping using a 555 oscillator, a digital counter, and logic gates to hard code the timing for the shorter strobe lights. I know I can hard-code a sequential logic for the longer lights, but that seems as it would take up a bit of real estate using just straight logic gates. I've considered possibly using a programmable logic array or FPGA to handle the logic for the counter output, but don't know enough about either to know which would work best.Ideally I want to avoid using an Arduino unless I can put a small processor on the board instead. I need to keep the design as compact as I can since it will be installed inside some very tight spaces inside a model.The overall timing period of the lights can change a little, the key is the ratio between the two.I've looked around and found questions here about 1 set of lights with verying timing, but not a situation like I have here. Any help or suggestions is much appreciated.
Divide analogue signal I tried to reproduce entire car air conditioning. The system has two cards. First one is the one where the buttons are: Hotter; Colder ; Stronger ; Weaker.There are 3 pins connected which are GND ; +12 V ; and Data.The other card read signal from data pin (which is analog) and send it to the air conditioning module (j255) through 6 UART frame.Everything going right except reproduce analog signal on the data pin from the first card...The second card sends ~5\u00a0V on the data pin to the first card (if it's disconnected the first card has 0\u00a0V on the data pin).The voltage of data pin (by measurement on the original system):No button pressed : ~5\u00a0VStronger : 2.4\u00a0VWeaker:1.8VCooler:0.6VHotter:0VI don't understand how I can reproduce it...a pin which provides default voltage to the first card (5 V), but where this voltage decreased in function of switches on this first card...Thx !Let me know if you need any further explanations !
Low idle power consumption for USB PSU I'm trying to find out how \"good\" 5V power adapters can be with respect to power consumption if:there's no attached power consumer, and/orthe consumer takes very little power, such as an ESP32 in one of its low-power sleep modesAre there particular circuits that are known to be particularly good? And how would I hunt for products that implement those?Clarification: I'm not meaning to ask about the state of the art in what's sold in the mass market market. Instead, I'm asking \"what are the best circuits known\even if they are for very specialized niche markets, or aren't available in commercial products at all. E.g. -- just a wild guess -- could it be possible to build something that has essentially two separate circuits for different load situations and dynamically switches between them? Where the low-power one is made to produce, say, 10 micro-amps at 20% efficiency for the sleep states of the processor, and the high-power one is a \"normal\" one that is kept disconnected during the sleep state?
How do I interpret an RGB LED max amperage given as a range e.g. 30mA-70mA? I have some LED's I got in a mixed package and the RGB LEDs instead of a single max amperage just list a range.  One example is I have a common cathode RGB LED with ratings listed as 1.9-3.4v and 30mA-75mA.  I've been interpreting the V range as the lowest forward V of the red to the max Vf of the green and blue elements.Should I assume that like with the Vf the red element likely has the lower 30mA rating while green and blue have the 75mA rating, or do I assume that 30mA is the lower end of the functional range of the all 3 elements and 75mA is the max?  Nothing burns out when running I run it briefly at 60mA to all colors and no issues.Mostly I'm wondering what the standard practice is for interpreting these values when they are listed this way.Thanks in advance. Edit/New info Based on a great link from anrieff I've tried playing around some with the bulb in question.  At below a total draw of 30mA the color balance of the bulb starts to shift from a cool white to the green.  This brings up another issue, since the draw at 30mA would be 10mA per color element, does that mean the upper 70mA limit should be treated as a total instead of an upper limit per color element.  i.e. ~23mA per color element for a total of 70mA instead of the 70mA per color I was originally thinking?
PT100 - 39250 Cubic fit formula I'm currently using a cubic fit formula I found online to derive the temperature of a PT100/385 RTD using resistance. The formula is -247.29 + 2.3992*R + 0.00063962 *R^2 + 0.0000010241 *R^3 where R is Ohms. Does anyone know where I could find a similar formula for a 39250 RTD? I've tried to find one online, but I have had no luck.I need to use this instead of the standard Linear one because I need more accurate readings at high temperatures.
Fuel sender - need something to convert ohms to volts? I need to connect a cars fuel sender(ohms) to a analog input on a GPS tracker (volts)Here's the catch, in our tests most fuel senders we worked with seem to send the data as ohms/resistanceHowever, the GPS trackers analog inputs require volts (Generally gps trackers take 0.5 to 5.5 volts as their analog input)In rare cases, we found some fuel senders use volts, but most use resistance.Therefore I need to find a gadget (ideally one that already exists I could buy off the shelf) that will take the input from the fuel sender, and convert it to volts, so I can connect it to the gps tracker.I've looked into arduino stuff, but it's a bit overkill for what i need, so was hoping a micro controller already exists for such a task (if micro controller is the correct phase) - Ardunio coding is not an issue for me, and have done some C coding for a car tuning company previously, so am familiar with the basics, but the price/setup time is quite high for this application.The only curve ball here is that each fuel sender might send wildly different min and max ohms values from the fuel sender due to each car manufacturers fuel sender being made for their own gauges Once data is in the software we can manipulate the readings easily to show the fuel level of the vehicle (notably the massive variation in data on a bumpy road)So my questions areAre there other things I may have not considered with the above project?Is there an off the shelf micro controller that might do this, if so what is its name (for help searching online).Also, are there any website online that might sell such a deviceif the above does not exist, can anyone suggest what I would need to do to create my own one.
branch address computation single-cycle vs multi-cycle vs pipeline risc-v I'm not sure about at which stage do the address computation take place at each of the versions of the risc-v?I just wanted to make sure i got that right-Single-cycle risc-v: Branch target address computation happens at Execute stagemulti-cycle risc-v: Branch target address computation happens at Decode stagePipeline risc-v: Branch target address computation happens at Execute stageThank you!
Is it correct to say \"under the war\" this is my first question, so I hope I'm doing it right.My students keep writing \"under the war\" and \"under WW2\". I would have intuitively written \"during the war\but since I'm not a native speaker myself, I'm starting to doubt... Who is right?
Is \"Reverend\" a title, honorific, style or merely an adjective Is it proper to introduce a clergyman as Reverend Johnson or is it more proper to refer to him as the Reverend Mr. Johnson ... or the Reverend Dr. Johnson, as the case may be?  \"This is Reverend John Johnson\" or \"This is the Reverend Mr. John Johnson\"?When speaking to a clergyman in conversation, does one address him as Reverend Johnson or as Mr. Johnson or as Dr. Johnson (as the case may be)?Can \"Reverend\" be more than a descriptive adjective, describing an ordained clergyperson?
A change of mind <br/>In my language we have an expression which literally translated is \u201cHe was born a fireman but died in a fire\u201d as a nice methaphor for a big shift in your way of thinking (like from conservative to reactionary). How would you say that in an elegant English?By the way, the original expression in Italian is Nacque pompiere ma mor\u00ec da incendiario (and you can say also the other way round).
Correct term to describe apparent bias in expressing opinions -- extremity as a function of publicity I am looking for the proper term to describe the apparent bias that exists in voicing one's opinion. Here are two ways I currently conceptualize this bias:the content of the comparatively more outspoken individuals are moreopinionated/extremethe more public/widespread a message is, the more opinionated/extremeit tends to be.There is a bit of nuance that sets the above explanations apart, but they loosely govern the same principal. Principal may even be a bit of a strong word, I admit, it's almost akin to a generalization. Nonetheless, there are certainly some sociological/psychological mechanisms at work, so my hope is that there is an existing term for this. It might be helpful to include a quick example/anecdote:Example 1: When one looks at graffiti messages on walls, they tend to make a distinct stance on something. It would be much more likely to see \"Chuck Norris is awesome!\" or \"Chuck Norris is stupid!\" written on a wall than it would be to see \"Chuck Norris is so-so.\" Bear in mind I'm not grappling with causality or anything, merely correlation. It could very well be that more opinionated messages are more entertaining, sell more views, or what have you. I simply wish to find the proper term for this phenomenon or have the phrase I coined criticized. OptionalIf there is truly no existing term for this bias, I would like to include an optional section for addressing the term I coined for it, which is: \"Extrema Bias\". It has a nice ring to it, I'm not sure if the etymology is justified by the word roots though.
Things in English that Are often very confusing for Non-Native Speakers Something that has really confused me over the years is when and where to use past simple or present perfect, as a non-native English speaker I have always been troubled by this, so I was just wondering if you guys could help !Look at the examples below :1) Discipline and hard work are the things that I have learnt in school. or Discipline and hard work are the things that I learnt in school. (situation - I am in college right now and I am talking about things what I was taught in school that I still remember that means I can still relate to things that I had learnt in the past)2) Why are you on a wheelchair ?Ans : Because I have fallen off the terrace and injured myself.Or Because I fell off the terrace and injured myself.(PS: We've always been taught that if a incident in the past has a connection with the present, use present perfect but here the first one sounds unnatural to me )3) Cristiano Ronaldo won the Best Player of the Year xyxx.or Cristiano Ronaldo has won the Best Player of the year xyxx.(PS: we are still in the year xyxx)4) I have changed 3 schools in my school life.Or I changed 3 schools in my school life.
Is there a term for using color to describe taste or flavor, instead of using the actual flavor? For example, if someone says \"this tastes purple\" instead of saying it tastes like grape, or if asked what flavor of Gatorade you prefer you answer with, \"blue\".It also seems common with candy and artificial flavors (or flavors perceived as artificial), and I'm wondering if there's specifically a name or term for this type of substitution.I'm specifically talking about uses that are not due to synesthesia or some other kind of disorder or medical condition.
What is the opposite of \"upfront payment\"? What is the opposite of \"upfront payment\"? Something that would signify a payment done after the service has been used.
Changing tense from past to present and back I'm writing something and I'm having trouble figuring out which of these two is correct. My gut feeling is that the first is correct and the second isn't, but also I think there might be no rule against either.I thought the residents of EL&amp;U might be able to confirm.<blockquote>    Given the context, and what I now know about X, if I had requested it under my own initiative I would expect you to have counseled me against it.  Given the context, and what I now know about X, if I had requested it under my own initiative I would have expected you to counsel me against it.  </blockquote>EDITAs some have pointed out, it's hard for respondents to give a good answer because they don't know what X is, nor do they know the context.I won't give the context fully except to say it's professional negligence - X is a particular procedure which one can buy as a service from a professional. So the context is visiting a professional with a pre-existing problem, and being offered a non-essential extra which carried a risk of causing the same problem.Incorporating this into my first sentence would make it read like so:<blockquote>  Given the context of functional problems, and what I now know about X - namely that it can itself cause the same functional problems - if I had requested it under my own initiative I would expect you to have counseled me against it.</blockquote>Taking all this into account, I think it might be wise to just keep things in the present:<blockquote>  Given what I now know about X, if I did request it under my own initiative in the same context I would expect you to counsel me against it.</blockquote>EDIT2What I'm trying to convey is that I expect the professional to have an obligation to counsel me against this procedure because it carries a risk of causing a problem which I already have and for which I have sought their help.
What do you call a person who wants a package to be delivered to him? So in shipment systems the word would be \"recipient\but that word is from the point of view of the shipping company, what would it be called from the point of view of the person ordering the package?To give more context, I have a system where a user can either be a courier or \"someone who requests stuff from abroad\and these two sides of the system get matched up. I want one word to describe the words in quotes. What do I call you when you sign up to be \"someone who requests stuff from abroad\"?Edit: Secondary Question, What if the person who requested the package and the one who will receive the package aren't the same person? How do I differentiate between them?
How is \"suggested\" used for adademic writing? I'm an ESL student, and trying to write an paper. I found it very confusing on the usage of suggest. I have asked a proofreader for help, and the proofreader changed the my sentences like the following. But I think I heard that the that clause after \"suggest\" can only use the infinitive of the verb (be) rather than \"is\" or \"was\".So is this \"...suggested ecotourism be nature-based...\" is the correct way or the following are correct? <blockquote>  But what is ecotourism? This is not an easy question to answer, as  there are various definitions. Weaver &amp; Lawton (2007), for example,  suggested ecotourism is nature-based, focuses on learning or education  and benefits the environment and local economy. More recently, Buckley  (2013) argued ecotourism is also concerned with sustainability,  although most government agencies regard ecotourism as nature-based  tourism and do not mention sustainability. Fennell (2014) also  suggested local culture was a part of the ecotourism experience,  defining ecotourism as nature-based tourism that focuses on preserving  the environment, benefiting the local economy and educating  travellers.</blockquote>
Is there a formal word for \"crush\"? I'm writing an assignment on how a poem of my choosing represents a person in my life. I'm trying to use the word \"my crush\" in the essay, but I looked it up in a dictionary and it's an informal word. Is there a formal word for \"a crush\"?An example sentence would be: <blockquote>  \"The speaker of the poem describes a person that closely resembles my  crush\".</blockquote>
A word for \"a forceful part that temporarily becomes part of a whole without losing its unique identity\" I am struggling to find the word that best resembles the above situation.I have been looking through some synonyms and antonyms but cannot quite get the right word.Context<br>I am talking about a human individual who temporarily becomes part of a team or organization and through his/her being, injects a powerful change to that whole without actually being assimilated by the whole and thus keeping his/her unique identity through which contribution to the resulting state remains distinguishable.Origin<br>The question results from a conceptual exploration into the distinguishable added value of an ideation consultant/advisor, strengths-based teaming and the word impetus. First ideas<br>I was looking at words like: fuse, merge, mix, blend but these are all related to chemicals and take the notion that the individual properties of the elements involved either dissolve or become highly diluted and thus hard to distinguish.
When a word can refer to two things So for example someone works at a juice bar and they say Did the juicer come today?which could refer to the person who makes the juice or the juicer machine. What is this called when a word could describe two things?Example :<blockquote>  Juicer is _____ in the above sentence.</blockquote>
Why is the noun \"brush-off\" hyphenated when the verb \"to brush off\" is not? I'd like to know the reason for the punctuation of the noun \"brush-off\" and the verb \"to brush off\": they have related meanings, but \"brush-off\" is the result of \"to brush off\essentially. But one cannot write \"to brush-off\" as that just looks weird, as it is used for the noun version.So the question, is the hyphen often used like this in English to differentiate a derived noun from a verb?
What is the collective name for the power, volume, and/or function buttons on a tablet? I'm trying to be the most inclusive when writing a procedure that involves usage of a tablet computing device. I've read about hardware buttons for Microsoft Tablet PCs. I want to know if there's a more inclusive term for them on devices from other manufacturers, as well.An example sentence would be:<blockquote>  \"Press the device's ____ and verify there is no response.</blockquote>
What is a noun that means the target of advocacy? If I'm an advocate, for whom or what do I advocate?  What do we call that thing for which I'm an advocate?
\"to score coke off a student\" meaning I'm watching Grace &amp; Frankie, a drama comedy. In the first episode when Frankie's adult children came over to console their mother over her husband (and thus their father's) recent coming out news, they tried to reassure that she would get through this. Coyote is a former alcoholic and drug addict, and a sub teacher.Coyote (to her mom): Look at me (implying that he's had his ups and downs but now is sober and can hold down his job). What professor scores coke off her student?The second son: and he (Coyote) wasn't even sleeping with his student.I think coke refers to cocaine, but what does score coke off her student mean? Similarly, is \"score something off someone\" a phrase?  According to dictionary.com one meaning of score is to \"Purchase or obtain drugs illicitly\and \"Any success, happy acquisition.\" I looked up \"off\and it has an informal meaning of \"from\". Putting two and two together, it seems clear that score off here means, obtaining a happy acquisition, here coke, from a student. 
Can \u201cA fall into the(a) pit, a gain in your wit\u201d mean \"learning from mistakes\"? \u201cA fall into the(a) pit, a gain in your wit\u201d was translated from a famous Chinese proverb that means \"learning from mistakes\".From a native English speaker's perspective, can such a translation retain its original meaning?
More popular place in terms of the flow of people You have 2 places in the city, one place is being passed by more people per day than the other one, meaning that the flow of people in the first one is higher than the flow of people in the second one.Question:How would you describe this kind of \"popularity\" of one place in comparison to another?Example:<blockquote>  The location of their pop-up store in the center was much more ______ than the one in the suburbs, that is why they got rid of the second one.</blockquote>The words lucrative and profitable are not suitable for this case.Thank you!
\"We choose each other as partners\" or \"as a partner\" [plural or singular] My fiancee and I are drafting our wedding contract.  There are many things it's important to get right in such a document, and grammar should hopefully be among the easier ones.One portion of a sentence in the draft contract currently reads:\"we choose each other as partners for all life's journeys\"Is \"as partners\" (plural) grammatical?  I see an argument for \"as a partner\" (because we're choosing only one partner), but for reasons I'm having trouble articulating, that formulation (with \"partner\" in the singular) sounds funny to me.One way to resolve this would be: \"We each choose the other as a partner...\"  That one very clearly sounds right only when \"partner\" is singular.  But the overall phrasing seems clunky, so I'd prefer not to use that sort of formulation.
Diplomatic, but in a casual setting I\u2019m looking for a word that is synonymous with diplomatic, but in an environment that is more casual. You will use this word to describe a person who returns phatic responses in inane conversations, so as to avoid being subjected to direct questions, but otherwise have no interest in participating in it.I\u2019m not looking for the word \u201cpolite\u201d but do let me know if I\u2019m wrong. (I\u2019m not looking for the word \u201crude\u201d either.)
A word for someone who shallowly emulates someone/something they wish to be like (but not tied to fads/popularism - not doing it fleetingly) To detail further; I'm looking for a word for someone who makes shallow attempts to be like someone or something they like or admire by doing nothing more than acting out the perceived actions, whilst making little to no effort to understand the deeper knowledge that facilitates those actions.Basically a top-down approach to things, rather than a comprehension-based climb.A good (possibly offensive) example might be the sorts of nerd-types who wear fedoras in attempts to be a 'gentleman' and invoke the kind of respect that goes along with it without understanding the finer points of what else actually creates that 'look' or description.
Off with ya meaning I am watching Django Unchained (2012) and there is a dialog between King Schultz and Speck Brothers where one of the Speck Brothers says: -I do not care, No sale. Now, off with ya. Could anyone help me find out exact meaning of the term \"off with ya\"? Can I use it in a normal polite conversation with native speaker? 
A word like sporadic but meaning 'most of the time' I'm writing a bug report, at first I thought the bug happened all the time but now I realize that occasionally it works correctly. I was going to say that the bug was sporadic, but actually, that would imply that most of the time it worked and the bug was occasional, which is the opposite of what I mean. Is there a word which is like sporadic but means happens frequently but not all the time? Or should I just flip the sentance and say that it sporadically works. 
Can \"from on something\" be used as \"from under something\" is used? I encountered this sentence last night\"Mr. Shin looked up to her from under his head lamp and replied with a simple but empthatic \"yes\" \"I know, if it were the other way around, I could use over, as in \"he looked at her over the top of his newspaper\" but I was wondering if I can use \"from on\" with the word, look, when I want to say I look down from on something, as in \"I looked down at the people from on the skyscraper (or from on top of the skyscraper\" ?
Adjective for combining some lower dimensional objects to form a higher dimensional object Are there some English words that describe the dimension of objects changed, by combining some lower dimensional objects to form a higher dimensional object. For example, from the lower dimensional object (like a point in 0 dimension) to a higher dimensional object (like a line/string in 1 dimension)?What I can come up with is the \"dimensional transmutation.\" However, are there shorten single word for this concept? Any adjective for this concept? This is required to be used in a scientific or math article.
The pronunciation of formulae The final vowel-sound in 'formulae' can be pronounced as in 'cry' or as in'sea', the former corresponding to the scholarly and presumably originalpronunciation of the Latin diphthong, the latter to the medi\u00e6val.  Is one ofthem virtually universally embraced in Oxford and Cambridge?There is nothing on the pronunciation of this plural in the OED.
A word for the hatred of others Looking for a word that describes a person who disliked other humans.A misogynist hates women, what do we call someone who dislikes people in general?
Quotation marks and types of dialogue I'm editing the autobiography of a German-American woman who grew up during Hitler's reign. There are several instances where she uses quotation marks in a way that I'm not sure is correct.1.Life has a way of taking unexpected turns, or as a German saying goes, \"Der Mensch denkt, Gott lenkt.\"Is it correct to use quotation marks around the saying in this instance?  She's not actually speaking it. Should it be italicized?2.However, when I told them I was pregnant, I was out the door. \"We cannot have a pregnant woman stand behind the counter and serve our clients.  How would that look?\"  I was devastated.Obviously, these quotes are paraphrased and not verbatim words in a direct quote, and they stand alone within the paragraph. The speaker is not identified.  I'm thinking the best remedy is to rewrite these sentences and describe what was said instead of treating what was said as quotes.
What's another term for \"team of employees\" What's a term other than \"team\" for a group of employees who work well together?
With all due respect to Can you use the phrase 'with all due respect' and then follow it up with a name? Take this example:With all due respect to Charlotte Bront\u00eb, I thought Jane Eyre was terrible.I have never heard anyone use this construction before, but I am trying to figure out if it is technically wrong or if it is an accepted usage.
Is \"absenteeism\" really a common used noun in business? During study business exam level 2, I came across the word \"absenteeism\" describing an absence from work or office.  Another phrase was \"rate of absenteeism\" and \"sickness absence\". Are these really common used ?
Subconscious vs Unconscious in The Big Bang Theory Series The Big Bang Theory season 11, episode 15:Leonard: \"I didn't intend to write about Penny ... maybe subconsciously I did.\"Leonard's mother: \"I believe you mean unconsciously dear.\"I have read here on SE and other sites that subconscious is the proper word to use and unconscious means you're passed out and not in your senses.Have I been mistaken all this time?
What to call spending time on things increasingly less related to, but required for, the main issue? I'm looking for something to call a complicated situation where a task is delayed due to unexpected work on other things required for work on it.A concise thing to say as an answer to \"how's the progress on A\that explains why it wasn't even started, without going on a long, technical-term-peppered rant going something like \"Work on A needs B, which isn't available atm, but we thought we could adapt a C with just a tweak, but C1 keeps giving a resource state error and it turns out C2's hardware doesn't support that(...) so now we're helping Z get their job done faster so they can release Y which X need for W if they are to lend us V which is the only available(...)\"Something like \"getting sidetracked\but with a meaning more like \"searching for a way past the blockade on the main track, and so far only running into more blockades despite reasonable expectations otherwise\".<br>Not losing sight of the goal but failing to approach it, often going even further away in hope of finding a route.
What to call spending time on things increasingly less related to, but required for, the main issue? I'm looking for something to call a complicated situation where a task is delayed due to unexpected work on other things required for work on it.A concise thing to say as an answer to \"how's the progress on A\that explains why it wasn't even started, without going on a long, technical-term-peppered rant going something like \"Work on A needs B, which isn't available atm, but we thought we could adapt a C with just a tweak, but C1 keeps giving a resource state error and it turns out C2's hardware doesn't support that(...) so now we're helping Z get their job done faster so they can release Y which X need for W if they are to lend us V which is the only available(...)\"Something like \"getting sidetracked\but with a meaning more like \"searching for a way past the blockade on the main track, and so far only running into more blockades despite reasonable expectations otherwise\".<br>Not losing sight of the goal but failing to approach it, often going even further away in hope of finding a route.
A single word to encompass both \"generation\" and \"annihilation\" concepts In the context of metallurgy and material science, there is a well-known process called differently but commonly \"vacancy generation/annihilation\" where a vacancy or void (or simply a tiny hole) is generated or annihilated in a piece of a material (due to some external factors such as temperature and pressure).People (are struggling to) use different phrases to describe such process in a concise and terse way. While \"vacancy generation/annihilation\" has gained more attention and support in the community, I was wondering if there exist any word to capture and encompass both \"generation\" and \"annihilation\" in one professional encapsulating place. Any advice or comment is highly appreciated.My own effort before asking: I have gone through a wide spectrum of words in various dictionaries. None of them looked thorough and accurate to me. My best pick, however, is apparition but I'm not quite sure. You can assume that I'm qualified to add a new but correct term to the community.Perhaps bad candidates:apparitionexistencepresentation (does not convey \"getting produced\")manifestationnucleationsproutsemblanceWhy bad candidates? Not feeling right to me. Correct me if they are good, indeed.
Does \"ex-urban\" exist or have I made it up? I'm looking for a word that implies that people are moving out of cities: is ex-urban a word? I found it in the Urban Dictionary but that definition is not at all what I mean. I can't find it anywhere else. Below is what I would like to use as part of the title for my dissertation but I can't figure out how to say what I mean in a way that's grammatically correct:<blockquote>  U.S. [EX-URBAN?] MIGRATION OF LGBTQ+ POPULATIONS AND THEIR NEED FOR CULTURALLY-COMPETENT SUBURBAN HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS</blockquote>
Dimensionality vs dimension? (in physics context) A question perhaps different from previously askedShould I say:In Gaussian units \"sigma\" has the same dimensionality as frequency...(meaning that \"sigma\" is measured in the same units as frequency)orIn Gaussian units \"sigma\" has the same dimension as frequency...(sorry, this poster is not a native speaker...)
\"Sitting with Mike is/are the parents of the boy who died\" For the sentence:<blockquote>  Sitting with Mike is the parents of the boy who died.</blockquote>Should it be is or are? My instinct says it should be<blockquote>  Sitting with Mike are the parents of the boy who died.</blockquote>But Grammarly etc are not picking either up as wrong. Can someone help with this, as I am unsure of which is actually correct? Or are they both? Is it because parents is plural so are can be used, but the boy is singular so is can also be used? Which is technically the subject of the sentence?
Determining the correct usage of \"reminds\" vs \"remind\" In the following sentence:<blockquote>  We celebrate all the shapes, colors, texture, and fun that remind us of what it was like to be a kid.</blockquote>Should it be remind us or reminds us? I'm pretty sure it should be \"remind\simply because there are multiple things that are reminding us. But wife claims otherwise, so need to settle this! The fact that the enumeration ends with the word fun is I guess the point of contention.It probably also should be textures instead of texture, but that may be a different argument.
A strange proper name Why the complete name of British philosopher McTaggart, i.e. John McTaggart Ellis McTaggart, has such an strange form?Edit: Considering @Lawrence concerns, I should note that, although strangeness is a somehow subjective matter, but it's objectively based on the lack of similar cases. In this case, I have never seen a compound proper name with a repeated part. I guess the two McTaggarts refer to two different persons (ex., the philosopher and his father). This theory may be confirmed/rejected by historical notes; or at least by providing more examples, one may reduce its degree of strangeness to non natives!
Clinical we / therapeutic we Nurses, therapists, and others in similar caring roles often use \"we\" when talking to patients.<blockquote>  How are we doing today?</blockquote>I'm looking for the grammatical/technical name of this mode of speaking, and especially a reference on it that I can link to.I believe I have heard it called either \"clinical we\" or \"therapeutic we,\" but I can't find resources when Googling for those terms.
meaning of trenchantly in this sentence I'm not sure what \"trenchantly\" means in this sentence:<blockquote>  While the rest of the firm gradually acquired a new persona, mortgages remained more trenchantly the same.</blockquote>Here is the definition I found of trenchant:<blockquote>    vigorous or incisive in expression or style.  \"she heard angry voices, not loud, yet certainly trenchant\"  archaicliterary  (of a weapon or tool) having a sharp edge.  </blockquote>Thanks for the help!
What single word could be used in place of \"long drawn out procedure\"? I'm thinking of something like ceremony or ritual - but without the implication of significance. More like a large collection of tasks in an everyday context like a meeting or a series of medical procedures, say prior to surgery.I'm thinking of a word that's not necessarily formal, or that the tasks have to be rigidly adhered to in a specific order. It could just be a large number of a tasks say, a shopkeeper may have to do prior to opening a store say. An example sentence may be say, the chairperson of a meeting saying:<blockquote>  Please people, we need to keep moving if we want to complete the      __________ of this meeting </blockquote>The closest things I can think of arelong drawn out procedure - (but a single word with the same meaning as this phrase)
Omitting/Defining a restrictive clause When I have to decide whether a clause is restrictive/non-restrictive I typically figure out whether the information in the restrictive clause is, in my opinion, necessary. Is this correct or is the fundamental definition that the sentence would grammatically be incomplete without the restrictive clause. I saw some examples where the sentence would be complete without the corresponding restrictive clause, but would like to have a definite answer. Example sentence is: <blockquote>  Would you lend me the video that you told me about last month?</blockquote>In my understanding, the sentence would be grammatically correct without the restrictive clause (\"would you lend me the video?\"), and thus, the definition of a restrictive clause depends on the writers judgment!Thank you!
Definite articles before abstract nouns which don't relate to any (very) particular instances I know that the title may be little misleading but here is the example which bothers me.<blockquote>  New approach to (the) ellipticity of linear differential operators</blockquote>On contrary, I am sure that the following are correct<blockquote>  It follows from the ellipticity of the Laplace operator. (specified abstract noun)    Ellipticity is closely related to hyperbolicity. (just abstract nouns)</blockquote>Similarly, I am not sure how to write the following sentence<blockquote>  I still believe in (the) kindness of people.</blockquote>Where the following ones are obvious.<blockquote>  Kindness must be sustained. (specified abstract noun)    The kindness of John is beyond all norms. (just an abstract noun)</blockquote>Thus, Here is my actual question eventually.Question. Am I specifying abstract nouns in my examples and I should use \"the\" or is my specification artificial and I should omit \"the\"? 
Why are 'quarts' called 'quarts'? I read the poem 'A Roadside Stand' by Robert Frost, and I have accumulated a few questions through the poem. So, I will be posting some questions from the same poem, if you can please answer my other questions as well. Thanks to all :)See the quote below. In this, the writer has used the word 'quarts' for most probably the wooden boxes in which strawberries are kept. When I searched on the internet about 'quart', I found that it is actually by definition a unit of measurement. So, my question is that - Are quarts (i.e the boxes) called quarts because these boxes are of 1-quart volume? or is it called a quart for another reason? Can I call any wooden box a quart?<blockquote>  The polished traffic passed with a mind ahead,<br>  Or if ever aside a moment, then out of sorts<br>  At having the landscape marred with the artless paint<br>  Of signs that with N turned wrong and S turned wrong<br>  Offered for sale wild berries in wooden quarts,<br>  Or crook-necked golden squash with silver warts,<br>  Or beauty rest in a beautiful mountain scene</blockquote>
\"We have showed that\"/ \"We have shown that\" or \"We showed that\"? In the summey of my physics paper, for a scientific journal, in the start of a new paragraph in the discussion, what is more correct to write? \"We have showed that\" the system obeys this and that rules, or: \"We have shown that\"... or simply:  \"We showed that\"...? Thanks! 
Dirt in the edibles I am looking for a word/phrase to say about having dirt in edibles which got into edibles at the time of their preparation (home made or manufactured in a factory).I have two questions:Which of these words - dirt/dust/mud, is suitable here?<blockquote>  There are dirt/dust/mud particles in these edibles.</blockquote>These tiny dust particles rub against the teeth or come in between the teeth when we bite or chew such edibles. (What's is the word/phrase for this?)I bite into such edibles and feel the dirt in between my teeth. What word/phrase can I say to describe such edibles so as to fill in the blank in this sentence.<blockquote>  These edibles are ____.</blockquote>Edit: Is the word 'muddy' correct?, because these dirt particles are tiny.
the meaning of \u201cNever mind that... \u201c I recently read a NY times article and I am not sure why the writer says \u201cNever mind that...\u201d:<blockquote>  On Tuesday afternoon, townspeople gathered inside the gymnasium here at Uiseong Girls High School to root for the South Korean women\u2019s curling team, whose match against the United States was shown on a big screen as an M.C. leaned into a microphone and banged on a drum.  \u201cI skip dinner whenever they\u2019re playing,\u201d said Chung Poong-ja, 75, who danced on the gym floor once the South Koreans sealed their victory against the Americans. \u201cMy focus needs to be on the match.\u201d  Kim Sung-hee, 67, said, \u201cI lost my voice from cheering so hard.\u201d  It was the biggest, loudest party in the province, and for good reason: The team\u2019s top four players grew up in this small city of about 54,000 people and graduated from this high school. Now, thanks to an improbable run at the Olympics being held in Pyeongchang, about 80 miles to the north, the team- dubbed the Garlic Girls by the Korean press, owing to the region\u2019s production of garlic - seems on the cusp of international celebrity.  Never mind that the Garlic Girls, with their dominant record in pool play, have vaulted themselves into medal position in a sport that is still foreign to most South Koreans.</blockquote>Does it mean \u201cdo not be upset with the fact\u201d? I tried to search and I found \u201cdo not be upset\u201d and \u201cdespite the fact that\u201d, and still I am not sure the meaning of that sentence.And I also would like to know if \u201crun\u201d of \u201can improbable run\u201d means \u201cthe series of successes\u201d. I searched for them on dictionaries but still I am not sure.Please help me. Thank you in advance! (+) Actually I asked this question to my English speaking teacher and he answered Never mind that means despite. But I am so confused cuz if Never mind that means despite, there is no main clause: despite the fact that the girls have vaulted....? It does not make sense to me. If never mind that means despite, how can I rephrase the sentence using despite? My teacher said \u201cdespite the fact that the Korean spectators are unfamiliar with the game, there is local enthusiasm\u201d but I don\u2019t know why \u201cnever mind that the girls have vaulted...\u201d become that sentence. Does my teacher mean \u201cthat\u201d of \u201cnever mind that\u201d is a pronoun so that it is like \u201cnever mind that, the girls have vaulted...\u201d? Then I understand why he said despite.
\"...the Black Camel will kneel at your door\" is a reference to time of death. What is the origin of this metaphor? I was reading the \"Life-Line\" by Robert Heinlein. His writing is beautifully decorated with allegories and metaphors and it is pretty obvious to me that he refers kneeling of black camel to imply the time of death in the below passage. <blockquote>  \"I will repeat my discovery. In simple language, I have invented a technique to tell how long a man will live. I can give you advance billing of the Angel of Death. I can tell you when the Black Camel will kneel at your door. In five minutes' time, with my apparatus, I can tell any of you how many grains of sand are still left in your hourglass.\"</blockquote>I did find another reference in a movie from 1931 with the name Black Camel.<blockquote>  Death is a black camel that kneels unbidden at every gate.</blockquote>Can someone help with the inception of this analogy or the associated symbolism--religious, literal or cultural? 
Term for concern about changing or correcting quotations: \"scholarly accuracy\"? Collaborator A is concerned that when he and Collaborator B quote some published material in a formal letter, they should be careful not to change any of the quoted text.  What do you call this concern?  \"Scholarly accuracy?\"Example sentence for an email to Collaborator A:<blockquote>  Well, when putting together quotes from published material, there will be quotation marks and attributions to sources.  If an error is detected in the original material, clarifying text can be inserted in brackets.  (Example 1, Example 2.)  Thus, it is possible to make corrections and still avoid lapses in scholarly accuracy.</blockquote>Is the part in bold a correct description of the concern, and if not, what is this called?
Failing to put in minimal effort despite great opportunity I'm looking for a phrase or word meaning that someone is failing to put in minimal required effort to leverage great opportunity.
Modal verbs in reporting 'Advanced Grammar In Use' (AGU) by Martin Hewings, UNIT 37 C, says:<blockquote>  The verbs could, would, should, might, needn't, ought to, used to, and could have, should have, etc. don't change in the report:    'I could meet you at the airport.' --> He said that he could meet us at the airport.    'You should have contacted me earlier.' --> She said I should have contacted her earlier.</blockquote>Is it possible, though, to have these pairs instead? (These are not from AGU but are made up by myself.)<blockquote>  'I could meet you at the airport.' --> He said that he could have met us at the airport.    'You should contact me.' --> She said I should have contacted her.</blockquote>If these made-up pairs are possible, contrary to what 'Advanced Grammar In Use' claims, is it possible in general that the verbs could, would, should, might, etc. do change in the report?If so, is 'Advanced Grammar In Use' wrong about this?
A Term for a writer producing a lot content This might be a very straightforward question. I am looking for a word to describe an author who is going through a very creating phase and is churning out a lot of work. I am unable to recollect a very commonly used adjective for this. Usage might look like: <blockquote>  From 1905 to 1908 he published several short stories and novels. He was a very _______ writer during that time.</blockquote>
Something working so well you don't notice it working I am looking for a phrase or saying that simplifies this sentiment.When something is designed so well or a process works so well or a thing is executed so perfectly.  Most people wouldn't even know it was working or happening. As an example, in a similar concept: Let us say you make a major change in an IT infrastructure and no one has a clue it was done and no one complains.  Then \"No news is good news\".
Confusion in \"-ing\" form verbs use I am reading Jane Eyre book published by Oxford Bookworms. I have found this sentence: ...,while I lay awake all night, trembling with fear, and eyes wide open in horror, imagining ghosts in every corner. I do not know when to use \"-ing\" like trembling and imagining. There is no (be verbs) before them and I cannot distinguish any relative clauses (I know be verbs can be omitted in some cases when there is relative clause.). Would you please guide me a bit in this case? Thank you in advance
Correct verb for \"removal\" of a chess piece by opponent's action What is the correct verb to convey the meaning of expelling or removal of a chess piece, which is done by your opponent's action; i.e. when he or she moves one of his pieces to a square where one of your pieces is located?
Does the phrase \"but although\" work together? I have the sentence: \"But although you hate me now, I believe that you will forgive me over time.\" I'm not sure if the phrase makes sense because the words are essentially the same word. Any help?
Rephrasing \"a field is becoming ripe for\" or \"maturing\" with a more appropriate sentence I am writing a scientific article in collaboration with a colleague. We wrote <blockquote>  \"studies of this field are becoming ripe for further exploration...\". </blockquote>Something about the word \"ripe\" in this sentence is not nice but I can not seem to get successful at rephrasing it in a better way. Some of the sentences I tried:<blockquote>  Research in this field is maturing.    Findings in this field are becoming amenable to deeper investigations.</blockquote>They are still awful. Any suggestions/hints to write this better by the masters of the art in this great forum will be really appreciated.
be avenged (in the passive voice) A quote from Oxford Advanced Learer's Dictionary of Current English:avenge vt get or take vengeance for: ~ an insult; ~ oneself / be ~d on an enemy (for an injury, etc). He ~d his father\u2019s death upon the murderer, punished the murderer.My question is:Why does 'be avenged' (in the passive voice, though) mean 'get or take vengeance' (in the active voice)?Why is 'avenge' used in the passive voice?  
Valid use of apostrophe for abbreviated words My understanding of the correct use of the apostrophe would be:the posessive form, e.g. ApostropheLover's obsession with the apostrophea contraction: don't, it's, there'san abbreviation, my id' badge is in my backpackIs the third case correct? How should one punctuate an abbreviated word like \"id\" (identification) or \"repo'\" (repository)?
If X is positively correlated with Y, how do I write that down? So I'm in the field of neural implants and it often happens that I wish to write down that responses increase when the stimulus level is increased. Now what I basically would say in Dutch, my native language, and translated to English is:<blockquote>  X increases with Y</blockquote>so for example:<blockquote>  The amplitude (size) of the auditory nerve response increases with current level.</blockquote>Is this correct? Otherwise I have to write something like<blockquote>  The amplitude is positively correlated with current level </blockquote>which has too much of a statistical undertone in it (distracts from the message and may confuse readers). Or<blockquote>  The amplitude increases when the current level is increased.</blockquote>Here the sentence is, seemingly, needlessly long and 'increased' is used twice (reads a bit clumsy).
Is there a purpose behind strange \"this will serve as\" language for airline announcements? I've been attempting to search for an explanation for the reason for the odd turn of phrase that crept into airport language in the USA 10+ years ago.All of a sudden it seemed that common phrases like:<blockquote>  \"This is the boarding call for flight 357 to La Guardia\" </blockquote>instead became:<blockquote>  \"This will serve as the boarding call for flight 357...</blockquote>I couldn't find reference to this turn of phrase online, save for it being included in a list of \"annoying airline speak\ca 2006 and 2011.I haven't come across this phrasing in any other contexts, wondering if there is some legal requirement? Some plausible deniability? Additionally I wonder if they produce as stilted a phrase when announcing in Spanish, too.
perfect continuous conditional tense doubt \"I just wanted for you to come back home when you would have been ready.\"I wonder if the sentence above is correct. I have some doubts about the tense after \"when\".Thanks for the help!
Is 'I was climbing down the road' correct? My friend Thomas asked me to come in his home with my brother Solomon. So me and my brother were on the way to his house. Thomas called me (on the phone) while I was on my way over and asked me \"where did you reach?\" Then I replied, \"I'm climbing down the road\". As soon as I said that sentence, my brother started laughing and pointed me out that it is not a correct sentence. Actually at that moment I was very tired and that road was also very steep (hard slope). And I was having difficulty walking down that road. So I was trying to express my tiredness to my friend. My question is whether it is correct to use 'climbing down' instead of 'walking down' in a sentence?
Can \"the world I find myself in\" be understood in two ways? Simple monologue:<blockquote>  This was not the world I wanted.  But it was the one I found myself in.</blockquote>I understand the second sentence, that the speaker ended living in a world he does not like. However, can this be interpretted also that he also found himself like \"he was able to realize himself\" in that world? Or is such interpretation nonsense?UPDATE: Can you use this sentence in a phylosophical or spiritual way? In the meaning of being at some place in which I \"found myself\"? - This is the church I found myself in. - If not what is the correct way to express that someone found himself at one particular place?UPDATE 2: My issue is the mix of the methaprhorical meaning together with position and stranded preposition (this is the world/church I xxxxx in)... to me that makes the sentense confusing and the question is, whether it is a valid construction.
Is there a word for confusing words like 'everyday' with phrases like 'every day'? I see people confusing words that are compounded from two words with a phrase made from those words. This is easy to do, as they look and sound very similar:For example:\"everyday\an adjective, with \"every day\which I assume is a prepositional (or adverbial?) phrase.\"giveaway\a noun, with \"give away\a phrase containing a verb. \"awhile\an adverb, with \"a while\a noun phrase.However, the word \"everyday\" has a defined meaning in Standard English, and it's different to \"every day\". My question assumes that the inevitable language change that leads to each pair merging hasn't happened yet.Phenomena like this sometimes have specific names (like 'metathesis'). Is there a technical name given to this mixup? 
What's the term for business conducted over time, as opposed to in one meeting? I'm looking for a word or term that describes conversation and development that's conducted over the course of several meetings and asynchronous communications, in contrast to work that's done all at once.For example, after spending nearly a full hour going back and forth, a member thinking they'd like to suggest the formation of a committee that would meet once a week for the next two months and/or a mailing list or call-for-papers might say, <blockquote>  \"May I suggest that we consider this question ______________,  instead of right now?\"</blockquote>Phrases that are in the neighborhood of the one I'm pretty sure I'm thinking of, but not quite right:over timein processionin deliberationin assemblyin absentiapost factode novoat lengthat largeat leisureasynchronouslyFor some reason, the word \"roll\" comes to mind when I think about this, some imagery of a thing rolling along in the process of deciding the question.
the usage of \"the most of it\" please help to confirm the subject usage:make your expertise the most of it.I am going to use this slogan in my ppt.I want to express the meaning of that we help everyone to deploy and practice their own talent in the most large field, the highest level.I need it in mother tongue English express. Thank you
What is the name of the occupation of the person in charge of lighting effects on stage? On a drama or stage show, there's always a person takes care of the lighting effects, but I don't know how to express that occupation. Does anyone know what it's called?
Period during which one can step away from a contractual obligation? Not a trial period.In germany - and many european countries - certain contracts have a period during which one of the signatory partners (mostly: private people) can decide that no, the contract was a bad idea and they want to step away from it.Is there an english term for this period? Working on an computer system with english documentation and - I need a decent term for this.
What is the term for an argumentative style that relies on immediately extrapolating or threatening worst outcomes? For example \"You don't want to see the Jumanji sequel?!? I'm filing for divorce.\"\"The soup is cold? I'm throwing dinner in the trash.\"\"You're buying a house in Harlem? I predict your kids will grow up to be transients and drug addicts.\"etc.Is there a term for this?
What do you call the professions that produce an end product and a material for the end product? Is there a separate technical term for professions that produce an end product and professions that produce a raw material?For example (let's simplify things):A miner produces copper. Copper cannot be used just like that - it needs to be processed, first.A guy who makes cables uses the copper from the miner to make a copper cable. The cable is now an end product that you can use right away.Is there a technical term for the type of profession the miner and the cable guy have that illustrates one makes raw material and the other a finished product?
The opposite of capitulating compromiser I was watching the movie Lincoln last night in which Thadeus Stevens, an abolitionist refers to Lincoln as a 'capitulating compromiser'. And that got me thinking about a term that could be used to describe Stevens  who was a much strong defender of equality when compared to Lincoln. How do you refer to someone who adamantly refuses to compromise? I came up with 'adamant defender' but it doesn't have the same effect as the original. What do you think would be a better alternative?
Car component - single word request I am not quite sure if this question is fitting here, as I am looking for one word and it's about cars. I have searched the internet and found nothing. I'm not even sure if there's a word for it. The word I'm looking for is the word for the thingy below the car door. Not below the car, it's kinda where you put your foot when you enter. Or, in a movie, where the bad-ass character puts his enemy's head and closes the door repeatedly. It's kind of next to the car seat, but it isn't really in the car. Hopefully there are some car experts here, though even a car expert might not have taken the time to find out what this little section is called. 
Antonym of nature, that implies the cities and infrastructure constructed by man I want to use a noun to describe the buildings and roads etc constructed by man ... as opposed to the forest and sea that exist on Earth naturally. Something besides \"man-made\".ETA: Many of the answers take the examples too literally. I mean to say everything constructed or caused by humans. Not specifically the roads and buildings, not a particular object, nothing in context of a city, or organisation.I want a generalised term, but also not a collective noun like 'assemblage' ... like nature implies everything not created by us and isn't a collective noun.A word that can fit into this sentence :\"I took a brief retreat from (the) ______ (created by man) to enjoy the Earth gifted to us by Nature.\"
I would prefer + (to infinitive) + rather than + (bare infinitive) or (to infinitive)? I've found this during my studies:<blockquote>  I would prefer to die in a car crash rather than to die in my sleep.</blockquote>Is this correct? Shouldn't it be:<blockquote>  I would prefer to die in a car crash rather than die in my sleep.</blockquote>I thought you should use bare infinitive after rather than (in this type of sentences). Also, can I shorten the second sentence to:<blockquote>  I would prefer to die in a car crash rather than in my sleep.</blockquote>...because it's the same verb (die)?
The use of hyphen in \"twentieth-first-century reader\" and \"twentieth-first century reader\" Which variant is correct: \"twentieth-first-century reader\" or \"twentieth-first century reader\"? Is the use of the second hyphen in the first example a matter of taste or not?
Can \"some couldn't know\" be used to console somebody? A : \"Hey pal, I don't think I can go on anymore. I feel people around me are much greater than me. I feel I'm useless and nobody cares about me.\"<br>B : \"Don't worry. It's okay. Some couldn't know.\" (= there are some who couldn't understand the true value of you) Does it make sense? I guess it's fine since \"how could they know\" in Rebel Rebel by David Bowie has a similar meaning.
Is this a grammatically correct line in a poem: \u201cWill he roll the dice, and follow it to Vegas?\u201d? I want to use the following line in a poem: \"Will he roll the dice, and follow it to Vegas?\" A couple of things to note; firstly, obviously I'm using \"roll the dice\" in both a figurative/idiomatic sense (as in taking a risk), and in a somewhat more literal sense (painting the image of the person actually following the dice that have been rolled to Las Vegas). That being said, my confusion here is if I can get away with using \"follow it\" or if I need to say \"follow them\" .... As I've read online \"dice\" traditionally refers to more than one die (i.e., the plural of die), but in the modern usage, \"dice\" can also be used to refer to the singular (i.e., just one die). So, it seems like if I was referring to the image of just one die, then the way I phrased it could be correct. However, the image I'm trying to paint is the one usually associated with the phrase \"roll the dice\" (i.e., rolling two dice)... So could \"follow it\" still be considered acceptable in this sense... or would I need to use \"follow them\"?... And if not referring to the dice themselves, could using, could the \"it\" be taken to refer to the act of rolling the dice, or would that not work either? Thanks so much in advance!!
\"Can you not do that?\" I've been told that the expression \"Can you not\" (Can/Could + subject + not + verb) is used in casual conversation but it's not grammatically correct. Is this the case?I'm aware that it wouldn't be appropriate in a formal / written context. I've also heard that it's only correct when an interjection is between the subject and the verb (i.e. \"Can you please not do that?\" or \"Can you, like, not do that?\").Also, would the use of \"Could\" make the expression appropriate for a polite request?
Why is cat spelt with a 'c' while kitten is spelt with a 'k'? On the one hand I would expect these words to come from the same roots, and yet one is spelt differently from the other.<br>I've encountered this phenomenon in a few other words as well (revoke and revocation come to mind).<br>Is there a specific, known, etymological reason for this apparent discrepancy?The relevant etymology page on wikitionary does not mention the issue, and I've turned up two possibilities while searching the web:Due to the succeeding 'i' the pronunciation of \"citten\" would not agree with that of \"cat\hence \"kitten\" is used.\"Cat\" originates from the French \"chat\" while \"kitten\" originates from the German \"Katze\".The first option is interesting, but seems rather artificial to me, and not part of 'organic development of language'. It would make perfect sense if the spelling was deliberately designed to adhere to the above rules, but I am unfamiliar with any references which may confirm this.Regarding the second option, it just seems like a very specific guess. It is believable enough, but I could find no evidence relating to this hypothesis either.
Word for a place where knowledge is shared I am looking for a word that represents a place where knowledge is shared. Words like academy or school convey the idea of one-way sharing (from teachers/instructors to students), and I want something where everybody shares knowledge, preferably technical.The proposed usage is to brand a group where people will meet to share knowledge (and anyone can be a teacher at any given time).Any ideas?Thanks!
When to use or not to use \"no\" before a noun phrase While comparing and contrasting various aspects of English and German one thing I come across is this: \"No\" indicates denying or refusing something, thus:<blockquote>  \"Is John here?\" <br> \"No.\"</blockquote>But \"no\" is also used in this sense:<blockquote>  He has no money left.</blockquote>In German, the first \"no\" above is \"nein\and the second is \"kein\".However, \"kein\" in German is used distinctly more frequently than \"no\" in that sense is used in English. In particular, a German whose English is fairly good wrote \"Spiders are no insects.\" where I would have written \"Spiders are not insects.\" And his usage seems to match the sort of context in which I would expect \"kein\" to be used in German.My question is how to explain to someone like that when to use \"no\" in the second sense above, and when to use \"not\" or some other locution.
Using \"it\" after a comma to restate a previously-defined concept within the same sentence I hope I'm posting this in the correct forum.  If not, please direct me to the proper place to move my question.  This is my first time using this site since I found it on Google, though I've used some of the answers here as references a number of times before, so please bear with me.I'm in the process of editing a friend's story, as she is unfamiliar with a lot of grammar and punctuation rules.  I've been trying to explain to her why I'm making each edit as I go so that she can learn from the experience.I've run into a chapter where she's used a similar sentence structure a few times, and I'm not positive that it's incorrect, as I've seen it done plenty of times before, but it just feels wrong to me.  If it is incorrect, can you tell me how to explain it to her grammatically so she's less likely to make the same mistake again?Here are the examples:The thought that his kind were something to fear or at least be wary of, it was harmful.The way Jordan was smiling and the lightness in his voice, it was unlike the man he had seen before.The memory of her face, caught contorted in the middle of a scream, it had haunted him for the first year.To me it feels like it would be better to remove the \it\" in each case but I don't want to tell her something is incorrect if it works grammatically (though I might mention that it feels more natural without that).  If I'm analyzing the sentence structure properly, it seems that the \"it\" she's using is just simplifying and restating the noun used at the beginning of the sentence, before the comma break (\"the thought,\" \"the way,\" \"the memory\"), but could using \"it\" in that manner also apply to other parts of speech that I should warn her about?Also, are there instances where, with certain formatting changes, the \"it\" can properly repeat the subject without being grammatically incorrect?  For example, I've seen situations where someone would use an ellipsis in place of a comma, but I'm not sure if they mean to trail off and then begin a new sentence with it, or what.Sorry for the long-winded question.  I'd appreciate any answers you may have for me.
Single word or short phrase for 'people in service occupations with whom one deals as customer' I am looking for a single word or short phrase describing the people with whom one deals in everyday situations (attendants and workers in shops, hair salons, banks, bying tickets, etc.). The problem is to contrast this group of people (as a separate entity) with other groups: friends, relatives, colleagues, acquaintances, online friends. Example made-up sentence: I find it easy speaking to my colleagues, friends, and other people I already know, but I have a problem with maintaining normal communication with Xs.Xs - is for the term I am looking for (people serving customers in shops, malls, banks, etc.) 
What is the VP in a subject-dependent inversion? A canonical declarative clause consists of a subject and a predicate, the former normally being a noun phrase (NP) and the latter mostly a verb phrase (VP). Therefore, a canonical declarative clause is divided into two large chunks: NP + VP.In a subject-dependent inversion, on the other hand, the clause has the construction of 'dependent + verb + subject' as in:<blockquote>  Under the table lies a dog.</blockquote>Where 'under the table' is the dependent, 'lies' is the verb, and 'a dog' is the subject.Now, is this inverted sentence also divided into two large chunks? If so, what is the VP in this case? Is it 'Under the table lies' as follows?<blockquote>  Under the table lies (VP) + a dog (NP)</blockquote>Or should this sentence be divided differently with a different VP?
Single word for all knowledge? I'm looking for a word that means all human knowledge.Preferably, the word would be a noun and could refer to knowledge abstractly, inclusive of that which is written and not. It means all that which is known, not that which is not yet known, or can never be known. (The unknown unknowns.)To clarify, I mean only all known knowledge.This excludes encyclopedia as a word.In context:\u201cAll knowledge\u201d is like a balloon in space. The more it fills with gas, the more it touches on the void: the unknown. Such is the paradox of \u201call knowledge\u201d.
antonym for \"compressive\" The tidal field (of the Earth on the Moon, for example) is compressive in the two tangential directions, but stretching in the radial direction. I.e. it pulls at the Moon (towards Earth and in the opposite direction). What is more appropriate/suitable than stretching here?EDIT: an antonym for \"compression\" is \"expansion\but is \"expansive\" appropriate?
'Doing for someone' -- correct expression for cleaning or housekeeping? Looking for a likely expression a maid in 1930s England would use to say she's cleaning or keeping house for someone. Is 'I'm used to doing for an older gentleman' or 'He's clearly used to doing for himself' the right expression?
Formatting or Formation I'm a bit confused about the two words. To my Finnish self they both seem to have a similar meaning of morphing or the definition of a structure, and some dictionaries confirm that. I'm thinking of the words in terms of \"the doing of...\". I couldn't find a name for that kind of class though, even in Finnish, so let's call them ingverbs.Forgive me for the extra jargon, but I think it's helpful to explain the context. A database has objects, such as tables which hold data and procedures which operate on that data. Those tables need to be defined precisely in order to have proper structure.My original sentence was: \"One must make sure each object is formatted and maintained properly.\"And the sentence I'd like to construct is one of these:The formatting and maintenance of the objects...The formation and maintenance of the objects...So my questions are:Is formation an ingverb of format?If not, what is the difference in meaning?P.S. If you know a name for the class ingverb, please comment, so we can get rid of that thing.
Wrong usage of number In the textbook I read the following sentence: \"A monopolist who can fix the price or output (but not both) may want to find out the response of the demand for a product to changes in price.\" Are not these two words response and changes misaligned in the number?According to my understanding of the English sentence structure  it either should be responses or change in price. The reasons why I think they are misaligned is that it creates ambiguity. For example, imagine that monopolist changes price twice. Once it increases by one dollar and another time decreases by 2 dollars. Is monopolist interested in the overall response of the demand (total change in quantity demanded) after the second change in the price or is monopolist interested in the response of the demand for each particular change in the price? Which one do u think is meant by this sentence? Or equivalently to which case is it associated for native English speaker? 
Generic word for describing a tournament or league Im in the middle of designing my database schema and Im looking for a generic word to use for something that could be either a tournament or a league.ExamplesTournament - Fifa World Cup 2018League - Premier LeagueI have a generic database model where one column currently is named TournamentId, but it feels wrong using TournamentId on a League.What would be a more generic word, competition?
What is the meaning of Shaze? What is the real meaning of Shaze when it comes to person names? I could find a lot of fake meanings from the Internet.Provide me sources, so I can find out more.Thank You.
Verb form for the word \"ubiquitous or widespread\" the sentence I am trying to create is used everywhere in this report I am trying to proofread and semantically goes like this: \"Increasing the use of internet\" or \"making infrastructure establishment widespread across the nation\"I am looking for a verb more practical than \"making sth. widespread\" or a proper verb version of \"ubiquitous\"I have used \"spreading\" but it just does not sound correct to my ear.I'd be glad to get some answers. Thank you.
What is the smile that occurs when a kid asks you for something you really know but you can't explain to them? Say a kid reads a book contains a word \"Fourier transform\then they ask their father who is a mathematician. He really understands what it is, but he sticks for finding words that his child can understand. All he can do is to have a small smile and say things like \"you will know when you grow up\" or \"this is really hard to explain to you\".What are the words that better capture that smile?Example: ________ly, he says to his curious child: \"it is really hard for me to explain it to you. But if you really want to know that, don't give up. I'll always love you.\" 
How should I use \"thus\" in this sentence? I am wondering if any of these following sentences is correct. If so, what is the most common way to say it in an academic context?They can thus take advantage of this technology...They thus can take advantage of this technology...Thus they can take advantage of this technology...Thanks in advance!
Word meaning \"regularly sampled\" I'm looking for a word that indicates something has been sampled (i.e, scientifically analyzed, measured, collected, etc.) multiple times within a span of time. Specifically, I want it to reflect \"having many samples given the amount of time\". Words that don't quite work:\"Well studied\" and \"repeatedly sampled\" don't stress this latter criterion of temporal constraint. \"Finely sampled\" also doesn't sound quite right (and doesn't make clear that number of samples vs scope of sampling is being emphasized). \"Heavily sampled\" is closer, but sounds cruder and less \"scientific\"\"Densely\" is a strange way to refer to degree/amount/continuousness of effort.Both \"laboriously\" and \"tediously\" seem to emphasize the difficulty (not the positive capturing of more info).Tediously is better and obviously is used a lot in scientific writing to emphasize \"completeness,\" but again is not what I'm looking for.
What is a word for a big, insurmountable problem? I'm trying to describe unemployment in the first sentence of an economics essay about South Africa. The sentence I'm thinking of is, \"Unemployment is a ... problem in South Africa,... \"I'm trying to think of a word to put in the first ellipsis, and it should have the connotation of the following words: widespread, malignant, intractable, pernicious, enduring, problematic, big, serious,... you get the idea. Can you think of the word I'm trying to find? The sentence can be modified from the one I suggested; my aim is to have a powerful opening sentence.
What is a word for a big, insurmountable problem? I'm trying to describe unemployment in the first sentence of an economics essay about South Africa. The sentence I'm thinking of is, \"Unemployment is a ... problem in South Africa,... \"I'm trying to think of a word to put in the first ellipsis, and it should have the connotation of the following words: widespread, malignant, intractable, pernicious, enduring, problematic, big, serious,... you get the idea. Can you think of the word I'm trying to find? The sentence can be modified from the one I suggested; my aim is to have a powerful opening sentence.
The opposite of \"free\" in phrases I'm not a native speaker of English but still it feels wrong to say:paid universitypaid entrancepaid parking paid servicepaid consultation paid healthcarepaid toiletpaid fareOr does it? What would the correct adjective to use instead? I know can easily use \"free\" with all these nouns if I want to say it's free of charge.
Is there a word for something you want in an abstract sense but wouldn't want in reality? I'm trying to separate the thing that I want (the desire?) from the effort it would take to get it, or the consequences that come with obtaining it.A noun or verb or phrase will do:\"I would love to have pin-up worthy abdominal muscles\" (but I'm not willing to put in the sustained effort to actually get them)\"That girl is so attractive, I would love to have sex with her\" (but I'm happily married and I wouldn't actually jeopardise my marriage by doing it)\"It's a dream of mine to perform at some amazing location\" (but I'm not actually going to pursue performing as a career to make it possible)
Is there a word for something you want in an abstract sense but wouldn't want in reality? I'm trying to separate the thing that I want (the desire?) from the effort it would take to get it, or the consequences that come with obtaining it.A noun or verb or phrase will do:\"I would love to have pin-up worthy abdominal muscles\" (but I'm not willing to put in the sustained effort to actually get them)\"That girl is so attractive, I would love to have sex with her\" (but I'm happily married and I wouldn't actually jeopardise my marriage by doing it)\"It's a dream of mine to perform at some amazing location\" (but I'm not actually going to pursue performing as a career to make it possible)
Synonym for \"controls\" meaning switches and buttons etc Talking about a control panel with multiple switches, dials, knobs, lights and buttons, I am looking for a synonym for \"controls\" (and the singular \"control\").  I have \"instrument panel\" or \"dashboard\" as synonyms for \"control panel\but nothing else that exactly seems to cover the collection itself.\"Instruments\" is the closest I can find, but to me that implies larger items such as a speedometer that can include multiple dials and buttons, rather than just the buttons or switches themselves.  So it works in the second example, less well in the first and not in the third.Example uses:\"All the \"x\" on the dashboard had been set to their emergency positions\"\"George swept his hand over the \"x\" rapidly preparing for liftoff.\"   \"This \"x\" was a three-way switch instead of the usual button.\"
Adjectives or compound noun? My students were asked, in an exercise in their published workbook (in which there are sometimes mistakes), to identify the noun or nouns in a sentence within a passage about carrier pigeons being used for scientific research. The book said that \"Each bird carried a GPS satellite tracking receiver on its back.\"(Punctuation as written: i.e. no commas.) The answer book identified 'GPS', 'satellite' and 'receiver' as separate nouns within the sentence.I am confused. To me, 'GPS', 'satellite' and 'tracking' could be regarded as adjectives describing the only noun in the sentence, being 'receiver'. Either that or all four words could be forming a compound noun: the name of the object in question is a 'GPS satellite tracking receiver', rather like a 'bedside table' being one physical object but with two words to describe it.  I am sure that the answer book is wrong and that these are not separate nouns, but I am unclear whether there are three adjectives and a single word noun in this sentence, or whether there is a four-word compound noun and no adjectives.
Word for common knowledge in a scientific setting? I remember there being a single word to represent currently accepted facts in a scientific discipline. Common knowledge, but in a scientific setting. It is a jargon-y sounding word.You'd use it when mentioning an accepted theory or concept that may be unfamiliar to a reader, but is common enough that you don't need to prove or cite it yourself.The case I'm trying to use it in is like this:<blockquote>  ...important to note that this study is not on the existence of the bias as it is _______, but rather the failure of subjects to account for it...</blockquote>I'd like to emphasize that I'm looking for a single word. I may be misremembering it, but I am pretty certain there is one word that fits this description. 
What is the correct past-tense of flat & sharp in music? Which is correct:A flatted B note was added ..., orA flattened B note was added ...?Likewise, would \"A sharpened [or sharped] C introduces chromatic passing note ...\"Thanks.
Word between Overview and Details without resorting to the comical \"Detailed Detailed Details\" What is a word between \"Overview\" and \"Details\"?I tried to search for \"intermediate view\" but google image's result doesn't make sense.I also tried to search for synonym of \"mesoscopic\". But online dictionaries draw a blank.Thanks for your help.
In or for ? \"One of my goals\" in/for this summer? In or for ? \"One of my goals\" in/for this summer is to... ?Does the meaning change if I use for instead of in?
Why Was Title Case Invented? I've seen questions and answers about the \"when\but I don't really understand the reason to use this Horrible Way to Type Sentences Which Obviously Hinders Readability. It's really bad when in a newspaper or on a site you see an article with a long title with names and unique terms which are normally capitalized, and in certain contexts may look ambiguous and confusing, especially when common words are used in product names. Sometimes you don't know right away where a thing's name starts and where it ends.Why was title case invented in the first place? What problem does this style  of writing solve? Does that same problem exist still in the modern world? And does it apply to electronic media which didn't exist back then?
Is \"propped up\" an adjective or a past participle? I am analyzing the past tense of \"simple past\" and I do not know if the form \"were propped up\" indicated in the sentence is composed of a verb conjugated in \"simple past\" and followed by an adjective, or on the contrary, it is part of a clause in passive.Her flat cloth slippers were propped up on a foot-warmer, and a cat reposed on her lap.
Origin of term \"Gold Star Parent\" Here in the United States the term \"gold star mother/father\" seems to have grown into much more common use recently. It refers to a parent who has lost a child in military action in service of the United States. How and whe did the term come to have that SPECIFIC connotation rather than just carrying the idea of admirable, or highly praised.Sidebar: Honestly, it seems a very odd term to me. No doubt parents who have suffered such a terrible loss deserve our sympathy and support. But a gold star is given to someone for a great achievement, not a dreadfully unfortunate loss. Soldiers injured are given a purple heart medal, which seems much more appropriate, conveying as it does the idea of love, affection and support rather than achievement.
Synonym for \"manipulation\" is there a synonym for \"manipulation\" that carries the connotation of \"influence by artful means\" but lacks the connotation of \"physical interaction involving hands\"?  
Synonym for \"manipulation\" is there a synonym for \"manipulation\" that carries the connotation of \"influence by artful means\" but lacks the connotation of \"physical interaction involving hands\"?  
Word for \"to support, to giveback, to be the supplier in some situation\" What is a word for \"to support, giveback, to be the supplier in some situation\"? Three examples:  \"To give back to his community, Chris helps clear the roads aroundhis neighborhood of any loose trash.\" \"Sarah felt that when using torrents, she should not only leach, but seed for others. \"Sean bears a sense of guilt for using StackExchange for questions, but never providing answers; perhaps that will change one day.\"What word best encapsulates that desire to \"give back\" to an entity, be that to people or a goal such as an open-source project?
A word or expression less cutting than \"obviously\" for \"in a self explanatory manner\" In a sentence of this kind, in a programming environment:<blockquote>  This construct is \"in a self explanatory manner\" not interpretable, since it raises an ambiguity over the language\u00b4s syntax which is not determinable by the language itself.</blockquote>\"Obviously\" would fit the case of a clear wrong syntax, but this one is not obvious (to (self) explain), although self explanatory (explained stating the (self) obvious).Especially, I do want to judge the explanation as obvious, without judging the mistake as obvious.As an analogy for the english language, how should I say:<blockquote>  The syntax \"You I call\" is \"obviously\" wrong since undetermined, however, the same syntax \"Answers I need\" is clearly interpretable, although \"in a self explanatory manner\" a wrong syntax, since the language by itself can not determine that Answers don\u00b4t need you.</blockquote>
What is the difference between saying a person is genuine, and saying a person is authentic? I understand that the words genuine and authentic differ in some scenarios. For example, if we say that a designer bag is genuine then it is not a replica; and if we say that an Italian restaurant is authentic, then the food is made the Italian way. But in English, we do not say that a designer bag is authentic and an Italian restaurant is genuine. We say that a cold caller is genuine if he's not scamming, and that a radio advert is authentic if the statements it makes are true. But we do not say a cold caller is authentic and a radio advert is genuine.So when using an adjective to describe a person, not a specific behaviour they exhibit, but a person, what is the difference in calling a person authentic, and calling them genuine?Example<blockquote>  \"You're such a genuine person Molly!\" Meena told her    \"You're such an authentic person Molly!\" Meena told her</blockquote>What difference in meaning is conveyed by the two sentences?
What do we call it when we do something without even realizing it due to a developed habit? Eg. Inserting the charger plug in the socket every time one switches the laptop on. One day, she realizes that she didn't even remember when she inserted the plug. Similarly, there are a lot of activities like this that get stored in our memory.
Comma after introductory phrase followed by a verb While researching the use of commas after introductory prepositional phrases, I came across a document from a university in Texas . In the section for prepositional phrases, it stated, \"Never place a comma after a phrase that is immediately followed by a verb.\"The given example was\"Into the raging river plummeted the raft with its frightened occupants.\"Is this a commonly followed guideline? I've never heard it before. Also, is this guideline the case for any introductory phrase or just prepositional phrase?For example, if I understand the university's guideline correctly, I should not use a comma in the following sentence because the introductory phrase is followed by a verb. (As a side note, my guideline at work is to place a comma after introductory prepositional phrases of four or more words.)\"With the blue feather write each spelling word in the air.\" (This example is a spelling activity for children.)But if it were worded this way, it would take a comma:\"With the blue feather, please write each spelling word in the air.\"Or, worded as a statement rather than an imperative--in case that matters:\"With the blue feather, the girl will write each spelling word in the air.\"Would I use a comma after this introductory phrase, though, which I believe is a participial phrase? Or does the same guideline apply to all introductory phrase, and I should leave the comma out because this phrase is directly followed by a verb?\"Using chalk, write each word on the chalkboard.\" Versus wording it this way which does not have a verb following the introductory phrase:\"Using chalk, Harry wrote each word on the chalkboard.\" TIA!
Does the sentence \"taxi is a business card of a city\" make sense to native speakers? Or better alternatives? In Chinese, we often say X is a business card or showcase of a city to indicate that X is often the first thing a visitor will see/experience upon the arrival and X might determine the visitor's first impression of the city.Does the literally translated \"taxi is a business card of a city\" make sense? Or if there is already an alternative in native speakers's everyday English?
The name of an adjective that adds requirements vs. removes requirements Most adjectives can be seen to add requirements. In other words, the set of all things with the adjective is smaller. For example,Red ball is more specific than ballContinuous function is more specific than functionBeautiful woman is more specific than womanHowever, certain adjectives can be seen to actually remove requirementsPartial function is LESS SPECIFIC than functionA semiring is LESS SPECIFIC than a ring (Nonstandard terminology) A generic market (the housing market, the stock market) is less specific than a market (a tuple of a time, a place, and a unique good)What is the name of the former type of adjective? What is the name of the latter type of adjective?
How do you say \"take away from someone else\"? I am not a native speaker of English. I want to know if there is a verb that means \"take away something from other people\". For example: If you say I take it away do you understand that (in most cases) you take something away from other people? Removing it from the other person?Is there a better verb than take away?In Spanish the word is quitar. In most cases it means \"from other\". 
Idiom: it was better before Is there an idiom for looking back on the \"glory days\" and saying \"it was better back then.\"<blockquote>  it was better before</blockquote>
\"is starting on ...\" Why is it Present? I have exercise to create sentences in Present Continuous but in one of them is. \" The sales is starting on Monday\". My question is about time used here, in my opinion this will happens only in future \" On Monday\" But the tense is Present so i'm little lost. What is different(in the meaning on structure)  between this and  Future Continuous like \" The sales will be starting in Monday\" 
If something fell out of Mars' sky onto the Martian surface, would it have \"crashed to earth\"? In some fantasy writing I'm working with, it says \"those citadels have crashed to earth and their secrets wait to be discovered\" at some point.  However, the story's setting is not on Earth, our planet in reality.  It's also not named Earth.  Is \"crashed to earth\" correct here?I asked the writer the question in the context of something falling out of the Martian sky and crashing onto the Martian surface, as I believe that to be a direct parallel to the situation in this fantasy story.  It would seem a little unusual to me to read \"crashed to earth\" in the context of Mars, and that is how it seemed in the context of this fantasy writing.
\"Second-order approaches\". What does this mean? I'm currently reading a scientific paper, in which the words \"second-order approaches\" are supposed to inform me about a certain solution to a problem. However, I don't have the slightest clue on what these words mean.English is not my mother tongue, so it may be something very obvious. I've never seen it before so I'm not sure what it implies.I'd be very happy to know what it means.
Can the prefix a- be appended to the word schismatic to form the word aschismatic, meaning the opposite of schismatic? Can the prefix a- be appended to the word schismatic to form the word aschismatic, meaning the opposite of schismatic? Both the prefix a- and the word schism(atic) seem to be of Ancient Greek origin, so from my limited understanding it appears that this could be a valid word, yet I have never seen it used.
\"news in letters\" Is this a countable phrase? ......As a result, the news in letters was already out of date when people received it.1) Is it better to use \"were\" in this case as we are talking about news in several letters?2) also should I use \"had been\" instead of were?
\"I spilled water on the table and [the] floor\" Compare the sentences:<blockquote>    I spilled water on the floor.  I spilled water on the table and floor.  I spilled water on the table and the chair.  </blockquote>Is the missing the before floor in the second sentence correct? If so, is the the before chair in the third sentence optional? What is the general rule applicable in such cases? Is it rule related to the conjunction, or the nature of the noun like floor, or both?
Two grammar mistakes related to preposition and tenses My Japanese student asked me the following questions. His English level is not that good so I'm wondering about how to give him an answer that will help him understand more easily. 1)If you can say \"on the weekend\" then can you say \u201con next weekend\u201d in \u201cthe seminar is taking place next weekend\u201d? If not then why not? 2)Why do you say \u201cThe seminar is taking place this weekend\u201d instead of \u201cthis seminar has taken place this weekend\u201d? Is \u201cthe staff\u201d the subject if so does that mean \u201cthe staff is taking place this weekend\u201d?I'm not sure about the 1st question myself beside it just not being common to add \"on\" when it comes to adding \"next/last/etc\" in front of the word \"weekend\". As for the second one, \"to be taking place this weekend\" and \"has taken place this weekend\" are obviously different. But I'm not sure how to explain this, specifically when it comes to the subject and the tense. Any help will be deeply appreciated. 
Word for one who likes to share knowledge when asked Working in an organization where your coworkers like to share information and knowledge.  What can we call someone who likes to share knowledge when asked?
Meaning of \u201cIt is not intelligent, though it is the work of genius -- in the most nocturnal and Germanic sense of that bad word.\u201d The last sentence of Jorge Luis Borges\u2019 review of \u201cCitizen Kane\u201d (in selected non-fictions) is:It is not intelligent, though it is the work of genius -- in the most nocturnal and Germanic sense of that bad word. I cannot figure out what Borges meant by ... genius -- in the most nocturnal and Germanic sense of that bad word.
Two word phrase meaning simple, effective, reliable and proven technology As described in the title, I'm looking for a plain language phrase that means solid, dependable and established technology. The phrase I'm struggling to recall was I'm reasonably certain a two word phrase that might have terminated in something like era or period.I think I've read it most recently in relation to Space Exploration, where it is used when the author wishes to make the point that the next steps can be undertaken without requiring new technology to be developed.I think the phrase relates to a time period, \"something era\" for example.To use it in a sentence;None of this is new, it is all {Insert Phrase} technology.
Word for \"no longer dry\" In response to someone elsewhere eggcoining the phrase \"whet one's whistle,\" I just found myself wanting to write that<blockquote>  An appetite is whetted until it is sharp; but a whistle is wetted until it is ____.</blockquote>I feel like the word-to-go-in-the-blank is right on the tip of my tongue, but I can't quite place it.What is it that a sip of water does to one's lips, either as a verb or as an adjective?a whistle is wetted until it is damp?a whistle is wetted until it is moist?a whistle is wetted until it is moistened?a whistle is wetted until it is satiated?a whistle is wetted until it is quenched?a whistle is wetted until it is wet?a whistle is wetted until it is wetted?I disqualify the last two on the grounds of tautology: \"wetted until it is wet\" doesn't work for me.Besides not sounding quite right to the ear, neither \"satiated\" nor \"quenched\" works semantically \u2014 if you merely wet your whistle, you don't go all the way toward quenching your thirst.\"Damp\" and \"moist\" both kinda work, but neither is very pleasant.Is there a word for essentially \"no longer bone-dry\" that I'm missing?
Word for \"no longer dry\" In response to someone elsewhere eggcoining the phrase \"whet one's whistle,\" I just found myself wanting to write that<blockquote>  An appetite is whetted until it is sharp; but a whistle is wetted until it is ____.</blockquote>I feel like the word-to-go-in-the-blank is right on the tip of my tongue, but I can't quite place it.What is it that a sip of water does to one's lips, either as a verb or as an adjective?a whistle is wetted until it is damp?a whistle is wetted until it is moist?a whistle is wetted until it is moistened?a whistle is wetted until it is satiated?a whistle is wetted until it is quenched?a whistle is wetted until it is wet?a whistle is wetted until it is wetted?I disqualify the last two on the grounds of tautology: \"wetted until it is wet\" doesn't work for me.Besides not sounding quite right to the ear, neither \"satiated\" nor \"quenched\" works semantically \u2014 if you merely wet your whistle, you don't go all the way toward quenching your thirst.\"Damp\" and \"moist\" both kinda work, but neither is very pleasant.Is there a word for essentially \"no longer bone-dry\" that I'm missing?
To kill - Figurative Usages I've been thinking about the verb 'to kill'. There are many figurative extensions ('kill a ball' (stop it); 'kill time'; 'my feet are killing me'). What happens in times of war, for example, when the core meaning of the lexeme ('to put to death') will be used more frequently? Would you expect the figurative usages of this lexeme to decrease or remain? 
What does 'have a whiff of sg ABOUT IT' mean? I could google what the first part means yet I can't see what \"about it\" adds to it. Does the expression mean the same without the last part? 
Subject I am verb is adjective: is that passive voice? Subject I am verb is adjective: is that passive voice? e.g.The question I am asking is stupidI'm not sure because I don't know if \"asking\" or \"is\" is the verb, here.
Subject I am verb is adjective: is that passive voice? Subject I am verb is adjective: is that passive voice? e.g.The question I am asking is stupidI'm not sure because I don't know if \"asking\" or \"is\" is the verb, here.
Sentence Fragment? \"The [adverb] [noun] [verb], the [adverb] [noun] [verb].\" I apologize if this has been asked before, but I cannot find a clear answer.I am analyzing a statement and attempting to determine if it is a fragment or complete sentence. This is the general idea of the structure:<blockquote>  -The faster I ran, the stronger I became.    -The harder the wind blew, the colder the air felt.    -The longer I looked, the more confused I was.    The [adverb] [subject] [verb], the [adverb] [subject] [verb].</blockquote>Is this sentence structure considered a full statement, or a fragment?
How to refer to a city (or town) that is not on the coast? How could one convey the idea that a place is \u201cin the middle\u201d of the geographic area of a country, thus far from the seaside \u2014 whether city or town, rural or urban?The fact that it\u2019s a city or town or rural or urban is not relevant. The only relevant information would be: far from the sea; non-coastal.This word (or phrase, expression) would be used in sentences like this: \u201cI don\u2019t go to the beach very often, I live [...]\u201d \u2014 without needing to say one\u2019s exact location or explain too much, if possible.Does such straightforward expression (preferably a single word) exist?
Counters and countered by What's the difference in meaning of the two sentences below?Cavalry counters Infantry. Infantry is countered by Cavalry.Can I read it like:Cavalry attacks Infantry. Infantry is attacked by Cavalry. ?
Terminating punctuation in table entries I always get a little flustered by the question of how to punctuate the end of each of my table entries, where the table is part of a longer document primarily composed of traditional sentences but that has other tables, as well. Consider a typical table of mine, where column 1 has very brief entries (for instance, a name or an ID); column 2 has description cells, where at least one of the entries is long enough to require a period; column 3 cells are populated with data type (for instance, long, int, string, and so forth); and column 4 has various cells each of which simply reads \"optional\" or \"mandatory.\"Without column 2, there would be no reason to add a final period to the end of any cell, but I can't just get rid of column 2, after all. There is a general principle of consistency in tables, but if I'm highly consistent, the table looks ridiculous with all of those periods. My gut tells me to be reasonable and include final periods only in column 2. That always strikes me as the least of all evils and yet not a perfect answer. What do you people think?
Term for this type of mis-pronunciation? When I was a kid, for years I thought<blockquote>  nihilism</blockquote>was pronounced \"nil-ism\".I guess this is because I only ever read it, rather than being exposed to hearing it.  Since \"nil-ism\" perfectly expresses the concept by coincidence, it stuck, until I embarrassingly learned I was pronouncing it wrong! (Making it hard to discuss Sartre, etc.){For anyone learning English reading this, it's just pronounced nye-ill-ism - it's a variation of \"annihilate\".}A similar thing, I once heard an adult (well-educated) say \"pseudo\" as \"puh-sway-do\" rather than sue-doh.(Again, I assume since the person had only read it and not heard it.)A similar word might be segue: I bet lots of people say \"seeg\".In fact, do linguists (or .. someone?) have a technical term for this?  What's the deal?Mispronunciation due to, I suppose in short having never heard the word in use but rather just reading it.So, if you have a wonderful liberal education with professors saying \"nihilist\" and \"pseudo\" all the time, this wouldn't happen - it's kind of a, let's say, \"self-taught pronunciation misunderstanding!\"Term?
A name for the appendage \"s\" in plurals, & the possessive, attributive, genitive, ownership It could be oversight, under-learning or such but on and off I remember that I never learned what to call the game-changer \"-s\" that comes in to distinguish plurals from singulars. \"Plural -s\" is all that I learned and use.  Of as much significance is the \"-s\" that the apostrophe brings with it in the forms of words variously described as possessive, attributive, genitive or ownership. I've been referring to it as the respective \"-s,\" i.e., \"possessive -s,\" etc. Would have saved a lot of breath if these two applications of the \"s\" had a name in grammar. Hopefully at least one of them does.  
Is there a noun for the general, solely negative, discrimination of any kind of group? Is there a noun for the general, solely negative, discrimination of any kind of group?Like, a word that encompasses misandry, misogyny, anti-semitism, the common use of both \"racist\" and \"sexist\etc.If there is no such word, that is a valid answer too.
\"erupted in violence\" vs. \"erupted into violence\" I have come across both in major newspapers. Are both correct? What kind of phrase is this?Erupted in violenceErupted into violenceThis is the example sentence.\"This led to riots in 2005, when the country's impoverished banlieues(suburbs) erupted into violence.\"
Is there a term for \"pretty much\" first person? Of course, novels in first person go like this:<blockquote>  \"Then I changed to my winged form. I hopped to the ledge. The kethel attacked me.</blockquote>The voice is literally that of the main character. As if he sat down and spoke his story to you from beginning to end.  I did this then that.Whereas third-person novels go like this:<blockquote>  \"Then Moon changed to his winged form. He hopped to the ledge. The kethel attacked him.</blockquote>The narrator is \"abstract\". It has no identity and is just \"the book\" telling you such happened and such happened.I was just reading the (outstanding!) novelist Martha Wells.Her Raksura novels are in third-person (so, in the usual way, written by an \"unknown, abstract\" narrator in the past tense),but,the action entirely follows the primary character. **So it's \"sort of\" first-person...So, indeed:you could \"convert\" every single sentence of the book to first person; literally every single sentence could be changed to \"I did blah...\" rather than \"Moon did blah...\".We hear (only) about Moon's actions and thoughts (just as in 1st person) and indeed we (only) \"go\" where Moon goes (just as in 1st person).I was wondering, is there actually a term for this?** Just to confuse matters, there are a few short passages in a later book in the series that arguably \"breaks away\" from the main character, but let's leave that out of the example.
Difference in Ambient air and Environmental air Is there any difference between the followings?Ambient airEnvironmental airIn the case we denote the air surrounding some objects (e.g. building), which is appropriate to use?Are they differently used for different scale of the air(e.g. 10m and 100km)? 
Indirect Speech/whether-if We say:I don't know whether he is right.Is it acceptable to say:I don't know he's right or wrong.
Should I say \"the trap that lay ahead\" or \"the trap that lie(s) ahead\"? Which is correct?My vision widened that day, and I began to see the trap that lay ahead for most people.My vision widened that day, and I began to see the trap that lie ahead for most people.Or maybe both are incorrect and some future tense of lie must be used?I am confused because someone is talking about his past and others\u2019 future that may or may not have faced the trap by the present. The trap the author talks about is kind of a fact of life.
Can the modal 'must' be used in the apodosis of a remote conditional? CGEL* has this on page 149:<blockquote>  The open conditional is the default type, while remote conditionals have the following properties:    [3] i Subordinate clause: must contain a preterite (or irrealis were) expressing modal remoteness.    ii Matrix clause: must contain a modal auxiliary, in the preterite if possible.[Footnote]    Footnote:  \u2018If possible\u2019 in [ii] allows for the occurrence in the present tense of those modals like must which have no preterite form (cf. \u00a76.2.1).</blockquote>In CGEL's terminology, an \"open conditional\" refers to a conditional construction (If P, then Q) where P and Q are presented as an open possibility; a \"remote conditional\" refers to a conditional construction where P and Q are presented as a remote possibility.What CGEL says above is, in \"If P, then Q\" in a \"remote conditional\" type, Q can contain the modal must.But I can't seem to find a remote conditional example where Q has the modal must.Unfortunately, CGEL's \u00a76.2.1 fails to show any example of a remote conditional whose Q contains the modal must.Can anyone think of a remote conditional example whose Q contains the modal must?*The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language
Is there a term for a coined word that gives meaning by association? Bear with me as this is hard to articulate. Is there a word or term that describes when a coined word has obvious or intended meaning by being similar to another word, or having a certain \"feel\" to it? I'm thinking onomatopoeia but for meaning.The best example I can think of from the top of my head is \"Orgastic\" in The Great Gatsby. Forgive me if I'm wrong, but the word is coined for the use, and while it's meaning is left ambiguous, you learn all you need to know about the meaning by the feel and similarity to the other word.Full quote: <blockquote>  Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that\u2019s no matter\u2014tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And then one fine morning\u2014  So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.</blockquote>
Is there a term for a coined word that gives meaning by association? Bear with me as this is hard to articulate. Is there a word or term that describes when a coined word has obvious or intended meaning by being similar to another word, or having a certain \"feel\" to it? I'm thinking onomatopoeia but for meaning.The best example I can think of from the top of my head is \"Orgastic\" in The Great Gatsby. Forgive me if I'm wrong, but the word is coined for the use, and while it's meaning is left ambiguous, you learn all you need to know about the meaning by the feel and similarity to the other word.Full quote: <blockquote>  Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that\u2019s no matter\u2014tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And then one fine morning\u2014  So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.</blockquote>
Adjective for \"relating to a whole\"? I am trying to find an adjective or word that describes something that is relative/responsive to a larger whole. The context I am interested is in music, e.g. a musical part  in a song that is is particularly responsive to the other parts in the song. To give a better idea, I have a good example word for the opposite idea. An idiosyncratic guitar part in song, would be a part that sounds fairly disjunct with other parts, not naturally relating with them and starkly stands out as it's \"own thing\". But what is an antonym for \"idiosyncratic\" in this context?The word I'm looking for is one which explains said musical part as in it's nature as an entity rather than an aesthetic, for instance \"conjunctive\" springs to mind, yet this would fall to much in the latter category
Meaning of \u201csleep on\u201d A Russian user posted this sentence as an example of the usage of the verb \u201csleep on\u201c to mean \u201cunderestimate.\u201c I\u2019ve lived in the United States my entire life and I\u2019ve never heard anything of the sort. Does this sound weird to any other natives?<blockquote>  Hey, don't sleep on MAX DUGAN RETURNS. It's a classic.</blockquote>
Words/Expressions that means having all the qualities for creating something? I am in search of expression or phrase that can be used to describe something that has all the qualities or skills to create.Usually, I use the phrase \"having all the spices for making a tournament successful.\"What alternative expression/phrase can be used to replace \"having all the spice\" in the given sentence
Difference between Authentication and Verification What is the difference in meaning between authentication and verification? When would I use one over the other?Dictionary definitions:verification\u02ccv\u025br\u026af\u026a\u02c8ke\u026a\u0283(\u0259)noun: the process of establishing the truth, accuracy, or validity of something.authentication\u0254\u02d0\u03b8\u025bnt\u026a\u02c8ke\u026a\u0283(\u0259)noun: authentication; plural noun: authenticationsthe process or action of proving or showing something to be true, genuine, or valid.
Is there another word for something that is conjured besides a conjuration? I have this feeling there is a word for the product of a conjuring related to the word conjure. Obviously it\u2019s not conjugations, but that\u2019s what my brain wants to say. It may not be strictly related to the word conjure itself either, but simply directly related to a conjuring. Sentence: <blockquote>  The ______ of last night\u2019s conjuring still danced around the house. </blockquote>
What is a word for a solution that is sufficient but not sophisticated? I heard this word a few weeks ago, and I've been trying to remember what it was. I've searched through Google and can't seem to find it. I'm sure that the word begins with 'H' and describes a process or solution that may not necessarily be optimized but also doesn't necessarily require it. I.E. crudeThe word I am looking for describes a technique that is practical to reaching a short term goal. The context I heard this in related to machine learning and chat bots. For example, if a customer called an insurance company and had an accident, the bot would ask a simple set of questions to determine whether to route the caller to a low or high impact assessment.
What is the difference between two sentences? 1)When the phone rang,I had been washing the dishes2)when the phone rang,I was washing the dishes
What does \"pans\" mean in this passage? I am currently translating a book called \"#GIRLBOSS\" by Sophia Amoruso and there's a phrase I can't clarify its meaning.\"I was proud of my video project, which was a series of pans with Bad Religion's angst-ridden song \"Infected\" as the soundtrack. Bam, shot of the Nike factory outlet store. Bam, shot of money. Bam, shot of graveyard.\"I've scanned each and every meaning of 'pan' to no avail. I think the word is describing the images of Nike, money, graveyard etc in whole, but I can't see the connection between them.
Is there a verb for attacking someone's mind (psychic damage)? In gaming nomenclature, when you use fire damage, you burn. When you use cold damage, you freeze. When you use holy damage, you smite. And so on.What's a good verb for using psychic damage, i.e., making a psychic or mental attack on someone? For the purposes of this question, assume that you are doing something to invade another's mind for a wide variety of possible (negative) effects.
What is the meaning and the grammar behind the second sentence? I specifically need help understanding the \"to recommend a wine firm in whose hands you could not go very far wrong\" part. Thanks.\"Previous governesses had limited their conversation on the wine topic to a respectful and doubtless sincere expression of a preference for water. When this one went as far as to recommend a wine firm in whose hands you could not go very far wrong Mrs. Quabarl thought it time to turn the conversation into more usual channels.\"Quote from the The Schartz-Metterklume Method by Saki, or H. H. Munro
Why is it unnatural to say \"He is as clever as rude\"? <blockquote>  (1) He is more clever than rude.    (2) ??He is as clever as rude.</blockquote>I've learned (1) is natural and that (2) isn't.(1) means \"He is clever rather than rude\".Then, why can't (2) mean (2b)?<blockquote>  (2b) He is clever as he is rude.</blockquote>In other words, why is (2) unnatural when (2b) is natural?EDIT<br>The question used to ask why (2) is ungrammatical, but people here seem to agree that (2) is grammatical but just might be unnatural in Present-day English.QuestionsI'd like to know why (2) is unnatural, not whether it's unnatural.Also, how natural (1b) is and why?<blockquote>  (1b) He is more clever than he is rude.</blockquote>Addendum The Cambridge Grammar (p 1121) says this is grammatical:<blockquote>  (3) Ed is more old than middle-aged.</blockquote>and that this is not (p 1122):<blockquote>  (3b) *Ed is more old than he is middle-aged.</blockquote>So, the Cambridge Grammar specifically says that the insertion of he is in (3) is what makes it ungrammatical. BTW, the book calls this construction metalinguistic comparison.
Word or phrase for fake appearance or posturing I'm looking for a noun (it has to be an object) that expresses the concept of fake appearances.  In Spanish, we can express that with the word \"facade\" understood as the front of a wall (but part of a building) because a beautiful facade can hide horrible things inside of the building (things that we don't discover until we enter). The cover (of a book) can express that concept as well.To be more specific, I'll give you some examples in Spanish:Era todo fachada. (It was all facade).Cuidado con las fachadas bonitas. (Beware of beautiful facades).The concept that I'm looking for is usually used to express deception after realize that you were wrong about someone. I'd like to emphasize that I'm not looking for an adjective or abstract word (or expression) but for a physical object.Is there any word in English to express that? 
usage of words-round and around The masters, many of them young men who agreed that Chips was hopelessly old-fashioned, rallied round himWhy is it round him and not around him?What's the difference? 
Is it better to list adjectives, with an \"and\"? When we use more than one adjective, e.g.<blockquote>  The big, red, bouncy balloon.</blockquote>The list of three adjectives {big, red, and bouncy} is a list, so by rights it should be separated by commas, with an \"and\" between the last two terms.If somebody asked us to describe the balloon we would without hesitation say that it is \"big, red and bouncy\".  Going by the rules, the correct form for the first phrase given above would be to write:<blockquote>  The big, red and bouncy balloon.</blockquote>But we virtually never see this.  In lists of adjectives and is used as the exception, whereas in lists in general, to exclude it is the exception. Is it a correct technicality to include the \"and\which nobody observes, thereby making it acceptable to exclude the \"and\" on the basis of common usage?  And to write the best English we can, should we be including the \"and\" in lists of adjectives?
Is there a less pejorative term than \"woolgathering\" to label purposeful thought that ranges a narrow gamut When I am writing (usually to give a lecture) I tend to gather data or quotes or other bits into a notebook without knowing in advance whether I am going to use that material.  It can range quite significantly but eventually I have a clearer picture of what material I will or will not use. I don't really think of it as brainstorming since I already have a narrowing solution space and this phase of my process could go on for several months. I use tools, like Evernote, so that whenever I see, or think of, something to be added to my notes I can add them right then and come back for further development in the same notebook. So what term (please don't suggest \"research\" -- it's less disciplined than that) or idiom should I use to express that phase?
What do you mean by Communication Network? In the following concept, what do you mean by Communication Network?There is an association (an inter-continental one) in which each member participates in building relation among its member through social and media network. The association called themselves Vilalgename (this is their village name) Communication Network.  Can the name be the right one in this situation. What exactly is the meaning of Communication in this context?
Use of \"for that matter\" How can I use phrase \"For that matter\"?<blockquote>  Ex: I started going to gym and wake up early for that matter. Is it ok?</blockquote>Can you shed some light on it with a few examples?Thank you
How to reference to a numbered list item In my language when I need to add more context/explanation to an item in a numbered list, I write it like so:<blockquote>    First.  Second.      ad 1. [text augmenting Item 1].</blockquote>The ad is from Latin; thus, I figured it was used in English as well, but when I did use it, some readers were puzzled and asked me what I meant.
Is there a pair of words for distinguishing US Federal Government branches from the other components of the Federal Government? I'm seeking a pair of words to distinguish between the two entities below, words that make it clear I'm talking about components of government, words that the reader understands as referring to government without needing to be told explicitly.For example, tire and rim: you don't need me to tell you I'm talking about parts of a wheel, and you understand that the two words refer to specific parts. Or roof and foundation: it's clear I'm talking about two well-defined components of a house; top-o-gov and bottom-o-gov; head-o-chicken and body-o-floppin'.The two entities in particular:The \"top\" part of the US Federal Government, that is, the three branches Executive, Legislative, Judicial.All the rest of the bureaucracy and machinery such as the Post Office, social programs, embassies, Bureau of Land Management, federal police forces, everything run by the Federal Government but not in the \"top\" part.
Can a proper noun be a predicative in imperatives? I live in a city called Kobe in the western part of Japan.\u3000\u3000Perhaps some of you might have known that it was severely hit and damaged by the Great Hanshin Earthquake some 20 years ago.\u3000\u3000The\u3000City,\u3000however,\u3000recovered\u3000now\u3000and\u3000the\u3000City\u3000Authority\u3000has\u3000been\u3000running\u3000a\u3000campaign commemorating the recovery with a motto 'Be Kobe'.I have some queries about this motto from a grammatical point of view.Is the 'motto' acceptable or interpretable given a context outlined above?If it is interpretable, what can it possibly mean?Any comments are more than welcome.Ken
How to find which adjectives modify which nouns? I've always wanted to to find the answer to such questions as the following:Which adjectives are commonly used to describe pain?Which nouns are commonly modified by the adjective acute?You can certainly find the answer if you look into usage examples in the dictionary or if you poke around in a thesaurus, but the answer is not always found directly. I couldn't even find a list of bi-grams that addressed this specific construct. Similarly, I would like to know which verbs commonly associate with which subjects and which objects and vice versa. Where do I find such information? And should this not be in a thesaurus?
Limitations of 'unless' in remote conditionals Regarding the use of unless in a remote conditional*, The Cambridge Grammar (p755) says:<blockquote>  Unless occurs in open conditionals and, less freely, remote ones:    [52]    ...    iv I wouldn't suggest such a plan unless I thought it was feasible.    ...    The implicature of the remote version, as in [iv], is that not-P is false or probably false: [iv] conveys that I do think it is feasible.</blockquote>Although The Cambridge Grammar says unless \"occurs less freely in a remote conditional\" than in an open conditional, [52iv] is the only example in the Cambridge Grammar of unless being used in a remote conditional. Therefore, the book fails to address the limitations of unless occurring in remote conditionals.What are the limitations? For example, does this work?<blockquote>  I wouldn't have suggested such a plan unless I had thought it was feasible.</blockquote>For those who are not familiar with the Cambridge Grammar terminology, a remote conditional is explained as follows:<blockquote>  The remote construction differs from the open in that it entertains the condition as being satisfied in a world which is potentially different from the actual world.</blockquote>And the remote conditional corresponds to the second and third conditionals in traditional grammar.EDITThe question specifically asks about the validity of <blockquote>  I wouldn't have suggested such a plan unless I had thought it was feasible.</blockquote>As the title suggests, however, what I'm looking for is a more general answer detailing the limitations of 'unless' in remote conditionals as only vaguely suggested by the Cambridge Grammar, than simply discussing the validity of the given example sentence.So please don't be limited by the example sentence and feel free to add other example sentences to better answer the question, as you see fit.
Capturing the idea of \"almost/nearly\" and \"actually\" Let's take failing a test as an example.  I would like to capture the class of people consisting of those who actually failed the test and who nearly failed the test. Is there an elegant way of saying this? I would like to apply this to other situations as well.Thanks for any hints in this matter. 
Word or a short phrase referring to the feeling of wanting to pinch someone cute, fluffy, chubby, etc Whenever I see cute babies or animals, I oftentimes feel like pinching them, not to hurt them but to express how much I find them cute, fluffy, chubby, or adorable.What word or short phrase can I use to describe that feeling?
Word meaning \"reduce chances of occurrence\"? In the aftermath of a significant problem I'm trying to express that the necessary steps have been taken to reduce the chances of it happening again. I can't guarantee it won't happen again, otherwise \"prevent\" would be perfect. The only other word I've been able to come up with is \"mitigate\" which incorrectly conveys that the effect of the next disaster will be diminished, not that it's less likely to happen at all.\"We've taken measures to ______ another disaster.\"I'd prefer a single word, but a phrase is okay as long as it sounds less awkward than \"We've taken measures to reduce the chances of another disaster occurring.\"
Word/phrase to describe the kind of joy that you feel when someone you like or love shows you an act of kindness or love In my country, we call it \u201ckilig.\u201d When a guy, for instance, unexpectedly smiles at a girl who happens to have feelings for him, chances are the girl will feel so jubilant she would scream inside and smile. Joyous, jubilant, and happy are too general to describe that specific feeling (you feel toward a person you like) that I want to describe using a \u201cnaturally occurring\u201d word or phrase. Can you suggest some terms?
Word for people who are led by a leader Just like the pairs Interviewer &amp; Interviewee or Employer &amp; Employee, is there any word for leader?Say the word is x. I'm trying to construct a statement where I have to say that, \"A leader needs to be both gregarious and exemplary to inspire the x\".The sentence could possibly be rephrased to avoid the word that I'm looking for. But I want to know if such a word exists.
Is there a word for when racism is used in a power dynamic? I am wondering if there is a specific word that can reference a type of racism used through abusing a socioeconomic power dynamic wherein one group controls vastly more resources than another. I thought I heard of such before, but I cannot remember it. Example sentence:<blockquote>  Due to the ______ that oppresses this racial group, the resulting socioeconomic disparity has caused higher unemployment, higher incarceration rates and increased victimization.</blockquote>
What is the difference between awareness and focus? What is the difference between awareness and focus? If it matters my impetus is meditation lingo.
What are the rules behind the use of 'would' in these examples? I have came across the following sentences:<blockquote>  It seems to me that the arrangement would lend itself to a  subcontract agreement structure. In other words:       [Company A]  would engage [Company B], who would take on responsibility for all services   [Company B] would subcontract certain of its  services to the contractor.   The contractor would then  provide [Company A] with a contractual protection.        The benefit of  this arrangement means that [Company A] would have direct  recourse to both parties...     This arrangement can be complicated and  would require an elaborate approach. There remains an element of risk to [Company A] that would be avoided by taking some  precautions.</blockquote>The standard rules most frequently explained in grammar books tell that would can be used: to express general or repeated willingness in the past; to talk about charasteristic behaviour or habit in the past; as the future in the past (in reporting sentences); in unreal conditionals that something might have happened in the past, but it didn't; when we want to advise doing something in a polite manner; in polite requests and offers.In the examples, the speaker shares his views on how the arrangement may look like to address some issues.  However, the example sentences do not seem to fit these rules.I would be grateful if you could explain the rules for would that these examples follow.Many thanks in advance.
\"increased no cost\" vs \"did not increase the cost\" I think this sentence is correct:<blockquote>  This action increased no cost.</blockquote>I can say the same as:<blockquote>  This action did not increase the cost.</blockquote>I prefer the former, because it's shorter.  However, could one claim that the latter is preferred?
Do two clauses have to be separated by a comma in a question? Here is an example: <blockquote>  He wondered who stole his television and why a calling card was left behind.</blockquote>Do I need to separate the two clauses (e.g. with a comma between 'television' and 'and')?Any advice is welcome. 
Single word for for \"beyond their years\" Is there a word that indicates somebody has an innate sense of something exceeding the expected grasp of that sense for his age? Similar to wise beyond their years.An example case would be a ~18 year-old teenager that is as mature and responsible as an average 35 year-old adult. <blockquote>  The death of his parents early in life had instilled in John an X sense of responsibility for his younger siblings.</blockquote>I keep thinking of \"preternatural\but I feel like it's too broad. You could use it for things that are too big, too fast, or just plain unusual. I'm looking for something that deals specifically with time.
Would \"answerable to my department\" be correct I had assigned some work to one of the staff in my department which has been delayed and I have to write an email asking her to speed things up.Would this be correct?<blockquote>  Please make this quick as I am answerable to the people in my  department.</blockquote>
Style Sheet Advice I'm working on a style sheet for a series of publications, and am wondering about what's a good rule to set for punctuation and quotation marks.CMOS says that the final period of a quote may be omitted or changed to a comma.My own prejudice is to keep an ending period of the quote if it is a full sentence unless the overall sentence requires something different.e.g. She orders me around, saying things like \"Take out the trash.\" and \"Do the dishes.\" without any concern the fact that I'm actually working when she tells me to do these things.e.g. However, if someone does something bad, and I think, \u201cHe\u2019s a bad person,\u201d it becomes much harder for him to improve.Does this seem like a workable standard?Cheers,Wes
Terminology for turning an idiom's meaning around Just recently, I used the idiom comparing apples and oranges in an argument with someone when they compared two vastly different mathematical fields and claimed that, because deep learning neural networks could solve one problem, it would not be long before it could solve the other. Rather than ask what differences are relevant, they made the comment that, in the grand scheme of things, apples and oranges are actually very similar (which is true, but irrelevant).What is the term for what they did when inverting the meaning of that idiom?
The best description word for 'something you can sense' In a context, you are blindfolded, and you are trying to pick up on any of your surroundings (sound, smells, etc). In other words, you are trying to pick up on any information that you can sense.The best word I could think of was like 'sensable' information (such word does not exist) or 'tangible' (but it is only limited to touching sense). What would be the best description word alternative for it?<blockquote>  I was killing time by picking up on any bit of >insert word description there&lt; information regarding my \u201cblindfolded\u201d surroundings. </blockquote>
Best way to rephrase the sentence (if needed) I'm not sure if this is a correct section for this.After writing and reviewing my sentence multiple times, I ended up with following:<blockquote>  And yet, instead of succumbing to a fit of uncontrollable panic, I was feeling serene.</blockquote>To me, the above example sounds a bit weird. But I'm not a native language user, so it might me because of that.Is there any way I should restructure that sentence, or is it fine as is?Please let me know if I need to provide more context.
Adverbs of location after be verb <blockquote>  We're upstairs.</blockquote>In this sentence, is upstairs a noun or an adverb? I think it's the latter because if it was a noun, the sentence is missing a preposition before upstairs. To my knowledge, in a SVC sentence, only nouns or adjectives can be a complement. Are adverbs of location, or locatives, exceptions to this rule? 
Word phonetics suggestion Could any English speaker recommend me the best spelling for an 'invented' word that would be pronounced something like /\u02c8l\u025bv\u026a/. As I'm no expert in phonetic symbols, those phonetic symbols are just approximate. The main concern is that the first syllable sounds more like an 'e' instead of an '\u026a', while the second one is an '\u026a' or 'i\u02d0', instead of an 'a\u026a'.Thanks
What is the lingustic term for a language's usage conventions? Every language has usage conventions that cannot be deducted from a basic dictionary. For example, to describe highly concentrated tea, English speakers will usually use \"strong tea\". Is there a scientific/linguistic term for such conventions/word pairings?
Is the phrase \u201c...to stop them messing with your day\u201d grammatically correct? My kids watch this show on Disney Junior called PJ Masks, and in every episode a narrator comes on and utters the phrase \u201c...to stop them messing with your day.\u201d In one of the episodes a character even says something like \u201cI\u2019m gonna stop her messing up the city.\u201d It drives me nuts. I have never heard of anyone using this phrasing (as opposed to \"...stop them from messing\" up...\"). Is this grammatically correct, and where does this come from?
The best word for \"falling backwards\" in the context The situation is: you suddenly see something horrifying in front of you (big spider, poisonous snake, etc.) In terror, you \"fall/lunge backwards\" while still facing the \"horrible being\and you try to crawl backwards from it as fast as possible.What would be the best word/phrase to fit that \"falling backwards\" described above?
What does \";\" in \"If in Your Dreams; the Flood\" mean? Context: \"If in Your Dreams; the Flood\" is the title of a visual novel. In short, it's story about a girl who suffers from constant nightmares, namely she has dreasm about the flood, and each time she sleeps the flood becomes more dangerous and frightening. I suspect that \";\" meant to show that the visual novel has TWO names, (\"If in Your Dreams\" and \"The Flood\" respectively), they were just combined in one title.Am I correct? If not, then what can it mean?
A great joy or great joy Just wondering which one is right <blockquote>  It gives us a great joy.</blockquote>or <blockquote>  It gives us great joy.</blockquote>Cheers<br>George
\"next generation of\" or \"next generation\"? What would be the correct way of saying \"X is the next generation of Hockey stand\"?Some possibilities I thought of:\"X is the next generation Hockey stand\"<br>\"X is the next generation of Hockey stands\"
What exactly is tense? As far as I've been able to figure out, tense refers to a grammatical category corresponding to the semantic category 'time reference'. So far, so good. But then there is complete confusion. Some seem to say that we have only two tenses in English \u2013 the present and the past (or preterite), whereas others seem to say we have four \u2013 simple present, simple past/preterite, present perfect and past/preterite perfect \u2013 and then there are those who add future tense (will+plain form of the main verb), and those who also throw aspect in the mix, adding things such as past progressive etc as tenses. I have so many questions about this, but I think my main question right now is this:What is the actual definition of tense \u2013 does it refer only to morphologically marked distinctions in time reference (in which case I suppose English would have two tenses only), or does it refer also to distinctions marked by means of auxiliaries (in which case there should be five (present, past, present perfect, past perfect, and future))? Any help understanding this would be much appreciated.  
What's the best English term for a person who is psychologically attracted to extraordinary beliefs? I know several such people, and what characterizes them is that they fall in love at first sight with any belief that involves extraordinary theories and occurrences or unseen entities. Natural explanations are boring to them---the more fantastic the explanation, the better it is. Usually, if they believe in one such thing, e.g., in Oriental medicine, you can bet they also believe in all of them: homeopathy and all fashions of \"alternative\" medicine, parapsychology and telekinesis, near-death experiences, New Age beliefs, alien abduction, haunted houses, \"Elvis lives,\"the whole shebang. Theirs is not just a belief---it's a passion. They seem to derive great psychological satisfaction tumbling these things in their minds, and when speaking about them, they have a particular blissful expression on their faces. Steven Spielberg got it right in his movie \"Close Encounters of the Third Kind\"---note the Second Coming-type expression on the faces of the affected Earthlings.But I couldn't find any English term that defines such people, be it a single- or a multiple-word term. It's a shame if there's none.
Help recall the exact idiom \"I'm against my brother, I'm with my brother against my cousin, I'm with my brother and cousing against everyone else\" There's a very interesting asian saying, describing dichotomy of a person's attitude towards others.My quote is probably incorrect, but it says roughy: <blockquote>  \"I'm against my brother, I'm with my brother against my cousin, I'm  with my brother and cousin against everyone else\"</blockquote>Can you help me recall, how this saying sounds exactly and what nation it belongs to?
The meaning of \"practice\" in the mentioned text? There is a special sense the word \"practice\" is used for that I have problem understanding. Following is the title of a book:<blockquote>  Food Sovereignty in International Context: Discourse, politics and  practice of place</blockquote>What is the meaning of \"practice\" in this title? For me, as far as I could search and find, \"practice\" when used as a noun can mean one of the following (American Heritage Dictionary):<blockquote>    A habitual or customary action or way of doing something: makes a practice of being punctual.  a. Repeated performance of an activity in order to learn or perfect a skill: Practice will make you a good musician. b. A session of  preparation or performance undertaken to acquire or polish a skill:  goes to piano practice weekly; scheduled a soccer practice for  Saturday. c. Archaic. The skill so learned or perfected. d. The  condition of being skilled through repeated exercise: out of practice.  The act or process of doing something; performance or action: a theory that is difficult to put into practice.  Exercise of an occupation or profession: the practice of law.  The business of a professional person: an obstetrician with her own practice.  A habitual or customary action or act. Often used in the plural: That company engages in questionable business practices. Facial  tattooing is a standard practice among certain peoples.  Law. The methods of procedure used in a court of law.  Archaic. a. The act of tricking or scheming, especially with malicious intent. b. A trick, scheme, or intrigue.  </blockquote>Then what it means when we say \"practice of place\"?
What is the English word that can represent the thing that a role is applied on? Your role in the school is a teacher.His role in the team is a developer.Her role in the family is a mother.human + something (e.g school, team, and family) + role What we can call the thing that the role is applied on? Is there an English term that can represents the \"something\" in the equation?
About the use of \"that\" I have a very quick question that makes me stuck when I read magazines in particular.The issue is the usage of that. I am totally aware of its usage in some examples but in some cases, it makes me totally confuse and cannot figure out what it refers to it.Some examples;<blockquote>  The problem that now arises seems to be quite serious. [relative]    The problem arises now.<br>  The problem seems to be quite serious.<br>  The problem that economics is getting worse seems to be quite serious.      The problem is economics is getting worse<br>  The problem seems quite serious.</blockquote>All good so far.However, some examples making me confuse is as follows.<blockquote>  Dislike of Mr Erdogan is one of the few things that unites all Germany\u2019s political families. (Excerpt from The Economist Magazine)</blockquote>Here, as far as I know before that there is a noun called things, but after that it says unites not unite. (Things are plural and In my opinion, it should have been written unite given that it refers to things)All I know is that \"that\" refers to something mentioned right before itself.Am I mistaken? Can \"that\" refer to something I cannot figure? ( In this case, maybe it refers to \"one of the things\")Could anyone shed some light on that issue making me bothered?
Is there a word that means nonsensical question? A friend of mine and I were joking about questions that are complete nonsense. Here are some examples:True or false: How tall is the Empire State Building?Is it further to Pittsburgh or by train?How tall do you weigh?I called them nonsensical questions. My friend said he thought there was a more descriptive word for them, but could not remember the word. Is there a word for questions that are complete nonsense? I am dubious of his claim.Edit: I just suggested the word balderdash, but he said that is not the word he was trying to remember. He says he is thinking of a word that specifically implies a question is nonsense. It would not be used to describe other types of sentences, like statements.Edit 2: Someone requested that I add the following question: \"Which weighs more, a pound of bricks or a pound of feathers?\" This question is a trick question, but not nonsensical. A similar question that is closer to being nonsensical would be Which weighs more, a pound of gold or a pound of feathers?Comparing the weight of gold to the weight of feathers is ambiguous. Both bricks and feathers are typically weighed using the standard scale. Gold, on the other hand, is typically weighed using the Troy scale. A troy pound weighs less than a standard avoirdupois pound. So, the question does not have as straightforward an answer due to the ambiguity of which scale is being used to weigh each.
Hypernym for bills, expenses, salaries, other incomes, etc I'm building a budgeting database application/program and I'm looking for two words as names of tables or variables in it.  This question seeks one of them:It encompasses the following:  I have bills &amp; expenses, and I have sources of income. I'm looking for a hypernym that encompasses all those.To clarify, there are things I'm not looking for:a. There are questions here already on english.stackexchange that ask for a hypernym for income/expense or debit/credit but the answers all seem to refer to the transaction (the event of transferring money).  I'm distinctly not looking for a word for that (the word transaction covers that I believe).b. One might think of a word like \"entity\" that might refer to the company AT&amp;T that I pay the phone bill to, and Apple, that I pay my iCloud subscription to each month.  But maybe I also pay Apple for my Apple Music subscription each month.  Those last two are two different items.  So I'm not looking for a name for the companies or other entities I'm making the payments to.I get a monthly bill from AT&amp;T for the phone.  I get a monthly bill from Apple for Apple Music, and another monthly bill from Apple for my iCloud subscription.  Those are three records in this table (even though two are from the same company).  If I was only looking at outgoings I might call this table Bills, but I'm looking for a hypernym that would encompass those and incomes as well: eg. two other records in this table might be 'salary from my job', and 'rent paid to me for a property I rent out'.Edit/update:  As Roger Sinasohn pointed out in the comments: yes, I'm looking for a countable noun.An example sentence could be where I click a button to delete a bunch of these records, and need to pop up a confirmation warning first: \"Do you really want to delete these whatevers?\"I'd really rather not have to say \"Do you really want to delete these incomes and expenses?\" or whatever.It doesn't have to be one word.  eg. another question asked for a hypernym for anywhere that serves food (restaurant, cafe, fast-food place, etc.).  If that's what I was looking for here, then \"eating establishment\" might be ok.  But if more than one word, it can't just be a string of all the words I'm trying to find the hypernym for (incomes, expenses, etc.).
Hypernym for individuals, organizations, possibly other things I'm building a budgeting database application/program and I'm looking for two words as names of tables or variables in it.  This question seeks one of them:It encompasses the following:  The table in question (that I'm looking for the name to call it) will (currently) hold 5 records: a record for myself, one for my wife, and one each for each of our three businesses.  But that list might change when say our son grows up and becomes another record in this table, or we start another business, or whatever.Some databases text books etc. suggest the word \"parties\" for entities like this, but I find that word too generic.  I'm hoping to find something a little less vague, but also not quite the mouthful \"PeopleAndOrganizations\" might be. lol.I'd welcome and be grateful for any suggestions!Edit/update:  As Roger Sinasohn pointed out in the comments for my other similar question: yes, I'm looking for a countable noun.An example sentence could be where I click a button to delete a bunch of these records, and need to pop up a confirmation warning first: \"Do you really want to delete these whatevers?\"I'd really rather not have to say \"Do you really want to delete these people and organisations?\" or whatever.It doesn't have to be one word.  eg. another question asked for a hypernym for anywhere that serves food (restaurant, cafe, fast-food place, etc.).  If that's what I was looking for here, then \"eating establishment\" might be ok.  But if more than one word, it can't just be a string of all the words I'm trying to find the hypernym for (people and organisations).
Is there a word for a phenomenon where someone gets promoted two-five tier above their original rank regardless of the reason? Is there a word for a phenomenon where someone gets promoted two-five tier above their original rank regardless of the reason (preferably neutral word)Example 1 (positive example): one student would be promoted say hypothetically from grade 3 directly to grade 5 or 6 (because of gauging his/her intelligence).Example 2 (Negative example): in this example, a employee unbelievably promoted directly from being a peon or a clerk to department manager (in a large organization) under whom there are people working like officers, clerks, peons, senior officers working (for the sake of explaining in this example it is because of long term sycophancy).I suppose I have come across a word in Wikipedia but cannot find it.
A picturesque equivalent for German \"Beutelschneiderei\i.e. what cut-purses and fraudsters do In German there is a term Beutelschneiderei which in all dictionaries I have currently access to is being translated as \"daylight robbery\". However, Beutelschneiderei in German is a very picturesque word (evoking mediaeval sceneries), and my impression is that \"daylight robbery\" is more of a sober description of the activity. Here is the question: What better terms could I use in an English text to render German Beutelschneiderei. I found <blockquote>  cut-purse</blockquote>as a term for the person involved in that business; cut-purse being an exact translation of Beutelschneider, which is the person; whereas Beutelschneiderei is the activity, or the trade, so perhaps something like <blockquote>  cut-pursery (?).</blockquote>Note that the term Beutelschneiderei does not only describe the occupation of a person concretely cutting with a knife or scissors people's purses off their belt. It can be used also metaphorically for any fraudulent activity aiming at taking money from people without returning a due service. For example \"Trump University\" could in German quite correctly be refered to as Beutelschneiderei. It is this metaphorical use that I am after, not so much the original physical activity of pursecutting. Note also that Beutelschneiderei is not a legal term. In legal terms, a cut-purse would be prosecuted for theft (Diebstahl) or robbery (Raub), because these terms are defined by penal law. I am sure there are nice words or idioms in English, given for example the rich 19th century literature describing life in the poorer parts of society.A concise version of this question would be: What (ideally picturesque, possibly slightly ironic) expressions are there to describe fraud? Later found: Having had now access to one more dictionary, I can contribute to the list (that meanwhile has formed thanks to contributors): <blockquote>  thievery </blockquote>And finally...... as forum members have posted quite a number of beautiful and interesting answers, and I see now that the semantic field is pretty broad, with all kinds of variables in it, here is the actual context where I want to use the expression: Speaking about various new forms of teaching and learning, I have here somebody claiming that \"Providing a MOOC (Massive Open Online Course) to learn leadership would simply be [your idiom for Beutelschneiderei]\". 
Term for when someone falsely accuses another of misdeeds that they are actually guilty of themselves This is similar to a previous question (... accuses another of doing something which they did ...) but more generalized. Two examples:A German woman athlete falsely accused other women athletes of being men; it transpired that she was a man. Similarly, Trump repeatedly called Clinton \"Crooked Hillary.\" Who was the real crook? In my personal experience, this is a very common phenomenon. One suggestion was \"Projecting.\" Does this imply deflection?  One conclusion to the original question was that a new word needed to be coined. I propose the word \"Gasblagging.\" (see Gaslighting and Blagging.)
\"draft invoice\" or \"upcoming invoice\"? If I have a provisional document that is listing the items that will be billed for this month (subject to change, because the month is not yet finished), then what is the better term? \"draft invoice\" or \"upcoming invoice\"? Or something else?
Is \"stew away\" a valid English expression? In a biographic interview with a person from the United States (New York resident and native US citizen) I hear the following: <blockquote>  So, I decided I can either stew away and feel sorry for myself for the rest of my life, or I can... </blockquote>I am not sure if I hear \"stew away\" correctly. If not, what could the proper reading be? Second, if \"stew away\" is anyway correct, what is the meaning? I do not find it in dictionaries. From context I imagine it should mean something like be angry, be filled with bad feelings, but do not do significant moves to change the situation. (Note: consider that I simply could have mis-heared this, or be sitting on my ears and not hear the obvious. The interviewee talks very quickly, and the interview was recorded via telephone. On the other hand, record quality is pretty good.)
Is there a term for using \"or\" to introduce something like an appositive? Recently someone was trying to explain to me that \"or\" can have a non-disjunctive function, and this came to mind as a possible example but I can't figure out the terminology to describe it. I know that I've seen \"or\" used to introduce something like an appositive in a sentence, thusly:\"In her 'vlog,' or video log, she asserted that...\"Actually, now I'm not totally sure that's really an appositive. Anyway, I'm not finding this under anything I have on \"or\" or appositives, so I'm wondering if it's a legitimate usage with a name, a weird colloquialism, or what. Also, potentially, from \"Sixteen Going on Seventeen\" from The Sound of Music: \"...sometime in my youth, or childhood/I must have done something good\" (depending upon whether \"youth\" and \"childhood\" are the same thing in this song). 
\"cultivate\" means making a lot of effort I have found out in Cambridge dictionary that, cultivate means making a lot of effort. But I cannot find any nice example for that. Could anyone please provide me an example? Here is my attempt at using the word with this meaning: \"I've been cultivating to increase my knowledge for several years.\" Is it wrong? 
What does \"because why not\" mean? I want you to help.I don't speak English that much.So, I couldn't understand this sentence while studying today.Is this a slang? How do you use this sentence?
Do meteorites really land on Earth, or did the interviewee mean that ironically? Technically speaking, landing is coming to rest after making contact with the ground. Yes, but isn't it supposed to be smooth rather than violent?   Ships land, as do planes, drones, and skydivers.Meteorites crash, fall ... uh ... collide with ... but land?<blockquote>  Mazurek said the meteorite came with a barn he bought in 1988 in  Edmore. He said the farmer who sold him the property told him it  landed in his backyard in the 1930s.</blockquote>Did he mean that ironically? \"Meteorite landed\": a quick google search returns 30,000 results.I mean, come on. John Harrington comes to mind:<blockquote>  Treason doth never prosper, what\u2019s the reason?<br>  For if it prosper,  none dare call it Treason.</blockquote>Any thoughts?
Do meteorites really land on Earth, or did the interviewee mean that ironically? Technically speaking, landing is coming to rest after making contact with the ground. Yes, but isn't it supposed to be smooth rather than violent?   Ships land, as do planes, drones, and skydivers.Meteorites crash, fall ... uh ... collide with ... but land?<blockquote>  Mazurek said the meteorite came with a barn he bought in 1988 in  Edmore. He said the farmer who sold him the property told him it  landed in his backyard in the 1930s.</blockquote>Did he mean that ironically? \"Meteorite landed\": a quick google search returns 30,000 results.I mean, come on. John Harrington comes to mind:<blockquote>  Treason doth never prosper, what\u2019s the reason?<br>  For if it prosper,  none dare call it Treason.</blockquote>Any thoughts?
Adjecive that means overgrown by alien life I'm looking for a word to describe terrain which is occupied by native alien life.On Earth, I might talk about a lush valley in need of environmental protection or verdant hills that would be perfect for vineyards. These adjectives have positive connotations of beauty and suitability for human habitation. What adjective would space colonists use to describe exo-planet terrain populated by alien life, especially plant-like life they consider repulsive or hazardous?Infested and blighted convey disgust and danger, and would be good descriptions if alien life was invading Earth. In this case, the alien life is in its own native environment.Teeming and crawling could describe animal-like aliens, but don't work for plant-like ones. They also share a problem with overgrown: they don't make a distinction about the life being unnatural from a human perspective.Is there a single word that will convey this fairly complex idea? I'm fine with an obscure word used by Lovecraft or 1950's science fiction if I can avoid a multi-word phrase or neologism.<blockquote>  The planetary survey described barren mountains, _______ lowlands, and warm oceans teeming with alien life.</blockquote>An obscure word I'm considering is xenic. I thought it was a neologism, but I discovered it can refer to a microbial culture containing unknown organisms. This is close to what I'm looking for, but not perfect. Is there a similar scientific adjective that better fits my criteria?
What is the idiom/phrase you can use when someone tells you to do (the work) that he is assigned to do (in reality it is assigned to him)? What is the idiom/phrase you can use when someone tells you to do (the work) that he is assigned to do (in reality it is assigned to him). For example:XYZ company is located in Harbor port premises in Dubai city.Mike - officer at XYZ company.Joe  - the Security Administrator XYZ company and works at the harbor port gate.Mike (calls joe on his extension at the gate): Hello Mr. Joe.I have these 3 gentlemen flying in from London to Dubai by flight # 9W-216 tomorrow morning. They are coming to visit us. They need to enter the harbor port security gate at 10:00 am. Just check whether their gate passes are still valid. They had visited us last week so it must be still valid. Joe answers: Ok, let me see. Joe sends the entire spreadsheet with the list of people who have valid gate-passes to Mike by email.Mike (after receiving the list, again calls Joe): Joe, whats this list for ? Joe: You can check in the list for their names.Here It is Joe's job to do the checking. But he unintelligently dumps the list to check for the men on to Mike. Mike like to respond to him by saying, Joe you are __________ or Jor you cannot ___________.PS: For Joe its seems a simple task that Mike can do, while Joe simply misses the fact that its a gross inconsistency on his part (thinking) to expect it from Mike which could mean in principle and considering this example in its extremities that Joe could get away without doing any job and still get paid. This usually occurs when foot-in-the-door requests go haywire.
Phrase meaning - Fate is my mistress <blockquote>  Fate is my mistress  </blockquote>I heard the phrase by Cesare Borgia in the TV series Borgia - Faith and Fear. I think it means that the speaker is in control of his destiny or that he needn't fear any outcomes of his actions for his fate is always on his side. However, I can't seem to find any definitions on the Goggle search for this usage. And apologies as I can't seem to call the entire dialogue. But Cesare says this after Cardinal Della Rovere asks him as to how he was so confident of the plans he was laying in action. 
Conjunction Reduction British English vs American English I am finding there is a difference in what is acceptable between American and British English. I posted this question on Facebook:\"Grammar friends, I need your help! Is omitting the pronoun the second time it appears in a sentence acceptable? (I learned American English, not British English, and that is possibly where this debate is stemming from.)Example One: \"I am your friend and am seeking your help.\"Versus \"I am your friend and I am seeking your help.\" Example Two: \"I need your help so am asking for your assistance.\"Versus: \"I need your help so I am asking for your assistance.\"\"Can anyone provide clarity to this? My American friends say both are acceptable and my British friends say the second option in both examples is the only acceptable answer.Thank you in advance for any help. 
Origin of ending a sentence with a preposition-German separable verbs? One thing I've noticed about the usage of ending a sentence with a preposition is how similar the construction is to German separable verbs.  With German separable verbs, the prefix is often a preposition when taken by itself, such as \"mit-kommen\" = accompany, but is \"come with\" if it's broken into parts.  In a regular declarative sentence in German, this would be written with the prefix at the end, such as \"Paul kommt Erich mit\" = \"Paul accompanies Erick.\"My question is, aside from the parallel, is there an actual causal relationship here?  Is the common usage of putting a preposition at the end come from an old German construction with separable verbs?
What is the correct way to say \"have a shot (of a drink) in praise of your youth days\"? What is the correct, usual way in English to say \"have a shot (of a drink) in praise of your youth days\"?
Term for an image that briefly appears on computer screen What do you call an image, usually fragmented, that appears on a computer screen for a split second, such as when a webpage is loading or an app is launching? I know the term exists, but can't remember it for the life of me.An example of what I'm talking about:In this example, the scroll bar to the left appears for a split second when changing the size of the window and immediately disappears.
Term for an image that briefly appears on computer screen What do you call an image, usually fragmented, that appears on a computer screen for a split second, such as when a webpage is loading or an app is launching? I know the term exists, but can't remember it for the life of me.An example of what I'm talking about:In this example, the scroll bar to the left appears for a split second when changing the size of the window and immediately disappears.
What is an adjective for somone who displays \u2018fake\u2019 gravitas? Words like insincere, over-earnest, do not do justice to the type of word I need. Example sentence: The president of the company read his well crafted speech but it fell flat because of his obvious \u201c\u2014\u2014\u2014\u201c.
Selective with/in/about I need to find out which preposition is more suitable for the sentence below;<blockquote>  \"Could we not just be selective with/in/about our potential themes.\"</blockquote>Thanks!
\"Please confirm receipt of this email\" or \"Please confirm the receipt of this email\"? So, Gmail now is intelligent: it guesses what one wants to write and suggests it in advance! One thing it suggests is: <blockquote>  Please confirm receipt of this email.</blockquote>But shouldn't it be:<blockquote>  Please confirm the receipt of this email.</blockquote>And correspondingly,<blockquote>  Please confirm receipt.</blockquote>or <blockquote>  Please confirm the receipt.</blockquote>Which one is correct/better? To write it with \"the\" seems to me more natural. 
Does the word \u201cepisode\u201d apply to each individual broadcast of a TV program, no matter what the content each time? Our studio has a one-hour TV program which runs three times a week and broadcasts different films. The content of the program is usually like the following, so can we call each broadcast an episode of the program?1st broadcast: part one of a film2nd broadcast: part two of the same film3rd broadcast: part one of a new film4th broadcast: part two of the new film\u2026\u2026Does the word \u201cepisode\u201d apply to each individual broadcast of a TV program, no matter what the content each time?
Can you use future tense and switch to present in the same sentence? As in:<blockquote>  Occasionally, he will spontaneously generate the sentences on his own  and sometimes uses, \"May I have.\"</blockquote>
another twin or the other twin? Usually, when there are two things, we say \"one\and \"the other\".  However, I came across the following expression:<blockquote>  one twin to another.</blockquote>Of course, a pair of twins is made up with two people. Therefore, if we say \"one\" pointing to one of them, the one left should be called \"the other\right?
A word for playing roles with hand puppets When kids play with hand puppets and they act different roles, is it correct to call such games \"role playing games,\" or is there any other, better word for it. Thanks,Tommy.
What grammar entity is this: a \"product number\"? What grammar entity is this: a \"product number\"? How can a noun become an adjective (if it does at all)? 
Usage \"when he grows up\" In the following sentence is it correct to use the present tense (\"when he grows up\") with a story that is basically told in the past tense?<blockquote>  Don dreamed of becoming a doctor one day, when he grows up.</blockquote>Can \"dreamed\" (in the past) go with (\"when he grows up\") in the future?I don't think that \"grew up\" can fit, but \"grows up\" sounds a bit awkward as well.Tnx, Tommy
Idiomatic expression meaning \"invented by someone and having caught on\" In Russian, we have an expression \u0441 \u043b\u0451\u0433\u043a\u043e\u0439 \u0440\u0443\u043a\u0438 (\u043a\u043e\u0433\u043e-\u0442\u043e), literally \"from the light hand (of smbd)\or, if I may, \"by the light touch (of smbd)\".It is used when someone coins a new word, or invents a new method of doing something, or comes up with a new idea etc., which catches on and people start using it.Is there a similar idiomatic expression in English?Some examples of what I'm looking for:<blockquote>    The idea of synthesis via manipulation of single atoms was expressed as early as 1959 by Richard Feynman, but it was not before 1974 that, [by the light touch of Norio Taniguchi], the word \"nano-technology\" appeared  [By the light touch of Sidney Brenner] the biologists got themselves a new test animal: the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.  [By the light touch of Czar Peter the Great] Russians celebrate the New Year on the same day as the Europeans, January 1.  </blockquote>
Use of \" and ' in multi-paragraph quotes I was taught that I should use \" at the start of a quote and if it carries on in subsequent paragraphs, I should put ' at the end of the first paragraph, then start the second paragraph with ' and close again with ' and so on, until the final paragraph which I close with ' \".  I cannot see any reference to this style.
What do you call the feeling of knowing something is going to happen but not knowing what? For an assignment I\u2019m trying to find a word that describes a particular feeling. I\u2019m not sure what word describes the feeling of not knowing WHAT is going to happen but still expecting something to happen at the same time.
a verb that means inhabiting the desert by large numbers? I want to know if \"conquer the desert\" is the right way to talk about inhabiting desert by large numbers.Also,if there is any other verb that can be used other than \"conquer\" like \"invade\" or \"overrun\".EX:To face the problem of overpopulation,it is necessary to conquer the desert.P.S:A verb that doesn't refer to a negative or militaristic meaning.
Oxymoron structure - best way to structure Writing a short story in which a young person finds a new friendship in an older person. And invites the older person to an event with a lot of young, long term friends.I'm blanking out on what is better to describe the older person to a group of long term friends. \"Hello everyone, I want you to meet...\"\"... my old, new friend {name}.\"or\"... my new, old friend {name}.\"Yes, I'm aware both are 'rude', the context here is the all the friends are significantly younger, and the protagonist is putting it out there to remove the awkwardness others may have toward the newcomer.
When i quote you from him you do not listen but when i quote you from Einstein you listen Feeling great to join this network. I appreciate it. I have a question:  is it better to use the word quote or cite in such situation talking with a hypocrite person?<blockquote>  \"When I quote you from him you do not listen but when I quote you from  Einstein you listen.\"</blockquote>or<blockquote>  \"When I cite you from him you do not listen but when I cite you from  Einstein you listen.\"</blockquote>I want the more natural sounding, as English isn't my first language. I saw cite word is also used instead of quote word as synonym.Thank you. :)   
How do we grammatically describe 'thing' There's a thing I'd like to ask, it's something you might know.When we say \"bring me that thing over there\" or \"it's with my things\how do we grammatically classify this use of thing in English? In neurology it is thought of as a symptom of anomic aphasia, but I'm searching for a grammatical category. I've looked up filler word, but that seems to be for things like um and ah. A placeholder seems to be for Joe Bloggs and widgets. Cambridge Dictionary classifies it as a vague expression, but that seems a bit vague. Circumlocution is too broad a category as well. A substitution, as I understand it, is a term from discourse analysis that explains use of one, so and do to avoid repetition. Ellipsis is substitution with a null expression. So where does that leave us with this use of thing? Of all these, I'd probably opt for substitution, but that seems to be not quite correct. Maybe 'substitute noun' or 'noun substitution'? But this doesn't seem quite elegant. Is there a generally accepted term to describe this occurrence?
Does \"to wise\" make sense in English? We had a discussion with our collegues about this.They think \"to wise\" means something like \"the way to wisdom\" but I really can't put it in my brain since it sounds off to me. I proposed that the closest one would be \"to wisdom\" but since we're not native English speakers, we can't be sure.Is \"to wise\" appropriate to use in English?Example sentence:For a rookie, road to wise is long and exhausting.
Is it correct to say, \"Any which one of you can attend\"? If there is a choice given for two persons to attend a meeting which of the given sentences would be right.<blockquote>  Any which one of you can attend.</blockquote>OR<blockquote>  Any one of you can attend.</blockquote>Is one better than the other or are they both equally correct?
What's the word or phrase for how one's body's health or behavior is unique to them? Each person has their own physiological sense of smell or taste, which makes them like some foods and hate others (e.g. my family thinks durians smell like heaven, my chem teacher finds them nauseating). Their body make-up is also unique which makes them susceptible to certain diseases, while immune to others (e.g. some have deadly allergies, while others almost never get sick). What would be the proper term or phrase to refer to that uniqueness? Could it be \"physiological make-up\" or something, like \"genetic/psychological make-up\"?
word for a person who learns a lot by heart when studying Do you happen to know a noun to describe someone, usually a student, who does a lot of learning by heart, as opposed to understanding? Is 'grind', 'swot'/'swotter' a good word for that, or does it just mean an over-the-top hard-working, diligent student? I also came acrosss 'muzz', can that be used as a noun? In Russian, we have a word 'zubrila', which means someone who stupidly learns things by heart. Looking forward to your answers!
\"relative to\" vs \"divided by\" Regarding \"x = A/B\" like the following examples, which is \"x equals A divided by B,\" is it correct to say \"x is A relative to B\" (e.g., \"winners relative to total applicants\") when I want to express in everyday language instead of mathematical terms? In other words, can \"divided by\" and \"relative to\" be used interchangeably? If not, what would be more appropriate ways to say these expressions?x = A/B x = winners/total applicants   x = adult population/total population  x = expenses/total earningsThese expressions (without \"x =\") are in the subject line of a table (with calculated numbers) and I would like to explain them in writing using non-mathematical language.     Many thanks in advance!
\"To the best of one's ability\" - Synonym? I'm trying to rephrase <blockquote>  We help children move and play to the best of their ability.</blockquote>It's about children with movement concerns,so this seems semantically correct to me.I just need a different phrase.Can you suggest anything other than \"as well as they can\"? I've reviewed the suggested duplicate, but it doesn't answer my question.
Word for a naive proposal What is a formal noun that critically describes a proposal that has not been thought through and fails to consider challenge or consequences? e.g., \"Without explaining why your objective is difficult to achieve, and exploring its potential unintended consequences, the proposal is unconvincing, and comes across as a X.\"My research has not turned up any appropriate single word. All single words I've come across imply nothing about the quality of the proposal, e.g., plan, idea, scheme, project, program, manifesto, motion, proposition, suggestion, action point, submission, trial balloon
A single word describing a piece of literature that contains many figures of speech I'm looking for a positive word. A word that describes a writer and/or a piece of their work... which has the quality of being densely packed with impressive uses of literary devices.Example sentence:He tends to like authors that are ..........He only appreciates songs if the lyrics are .........The word I'm looking for doesn't necessarily have to be applicable to both the sentences above. Either one will do. A single word is ideal, but a short phrase would be acceptable.Once again, I wish to reiterate that I'm looking for a positive word. I realize that this style of writing has its critics and there are words which could be used to attack its over-the-top nature. But I want to describe it as a good thing. So anything with primarily negative connotations is out.
A single word describing a piece of literature that contains many figures of speech I'm looking for a positive word. A word that describes a writer and/or a piece of their work... which has the quality of being densely packed with impressive uses of literary devices.Example sentence:He tends to like authors that are ..........He only appreciates songs if the lyrics are .........The word I'm looking for doesn't necessarily have to be applicable to both the sentences above. Either one will do. A single word is ideal, but a short phrase would be acceptable.Once again, I wish to reiterate that I'm looking for a positive word. I realize that this style of writing has its critics and there are words which could be used to attack its over-the-top nature. But I want to describe it as a good thing. So anything with primarily negative connotations is out.
Function of fractions in NPs + form of subsequent verb I have two questions about the clause two thirds of the book deals with WWII:i) how do we analyse the subject of this clause from a syntactic point of view? I'd analyse it as a NP, with the following internal structure: two (determiner [numeral]) thirds (head [noun]) of the book (postmodifier [PP]). Is this correct, or should it be analysed in a different way, and in that case, how?ii) if the analysis suggested in (i) is correct, then why do we have the singular form on the verb (deals)?Thanks! 
\"Have you ever wanted for someone to teach you this subject in layman terms?\" is grammatically correct? May be it should be phrased differently?Have you ever wanted someone to teach you this subject in laymanterms?Did you ever wish someone could teach you this subject in layman terms?Do you want someone to teach you this subject in layman terms?What would be grammatically correct the \"most\"?
A word for 'treated-out' or 'therapied-out' - all medical treatment exhausted without effect I'm looking for a word that describes the following:A patient who has received all possible medical treatment but all of them have failed to initiate a cure or remission. The patient cannot be (meaningfully) helped according to traditional medicine. The patient's illness does not necessarily have to be a terminal disease.  Hence: The patient is 'treated-out' or 'therapied-out'. I'm aware that 'treated-out' and 'therapied-out' do not exist. And currently I don't intend to use them.  The word or two-worded term I'm looking for could be the counterpart to the German word 'austherapiert'.NOTE: I'm NOT looking for untreatable patient, terminal-stage patient, palliative care, palliative treatment, or palliative care patient    I am looking for a word or two-worded term that relates to the patient and implies that essentially all conceivable treatment has been tried and applied, unsuccessfully.  (UPDATE)     THE MOST APPROPRIATE TERMS FOUNDThe following expressions seem to match best with what I was looking for:all treatment options exhausteda treatment-exhausted patient'therapied out' - seems to be an uncommon but more and more frequently used term, according to the search results on Google Books but much less in scientific literature; bear in mind Google's Ngram Viewer has no entries for 'therapied out' (Ngram Viewer version 2012/2013, as available on 22 Nov 2018)
A word for 'treated-out' or 'therapied-out' - all medical treatment exhausted without effect I'm looking for a word that describes the following:A patient who has received all possible medical treatment but all of them have failed to initiate a cure or remission. The patient cannot be (meaningfully) helped according to traditional medicine. The patient's illness does not necessarily have to be a terminal disease.  Hence: The patient is 'treated-out' or 'therapied-out'. I'm aware that 'treated-out' and 'therapied-out' do not exist. And currently I don't intend to use them.  The word or two-worded term I'm looking for could be the counterpart to the German word 'austherapiert'.NOTE: I'm NOT looking for untreatable patient, terminal-stage patient, palliative care, palliative treatment, or palliative care patient    I am looking for a word or two-worded term that relates to the patient and implies that essentially all conceivable treatment has been tried and applied, unsuccessfully.  (UPDATE)     THE MOST APPROPRIATE TERMS FOUNDThe following expressions seem to match best with what I was looking for:all treatment options exhausteda treatment-exhausted patient'therapied out' - seems to be an uncommon but more and more frequently used term, according to the search results on Google Books but much less in scientific literature; bear in mind Google's Ngram Viewer has no entries for 'therapied out' (Ngram Viewer version 2012/2013, as available on 22 Nov 2018)
All together vs altogether for results In editing science papers, I routinely come across the phrase \"Altogether, these results suggest that...\" I have changed it to \"All together\" because it seems to me that the phrase is referring to considering all of the results together. But I have seen \"Altogether\" so many times that I decided to look it up again, and now I am unsure. Perhaps the meaning is \"All in all, these results suggest that...\"The examples I have seen in Garner's and Grammar Girl don't really match this situation. For example, \"Altogether, I have too many socks\" vs \"My socks are all together in my dresser.\" I am still leaning toward \"All together\" because it is modifying \"these results\" whereas in the example of \"altogether\" above, it is modifying \"I have\".Or perhaps because it is ambiguous, I should leave it as is?
Active verb to express proactivity when one is being given a responsibility Say a person was granted a responsibility role after working hard.The person accepts the role with gratitude and pride, almost as if it was natural to achieve the role.However the decision of assigning the role is not taken by the person, but their superiors, and the person had the chance of refusing the role if they wanted.In this situation, I can't find a way to stress the fact that the person took the promotion with \"proactivity\".Verbs such as \"being promoted\" or \"being granted a role\" are in passive form and sound like the person had no choice but to accept, or as if the role was just a promotion instead of a challenge.On the other hand, saying that the person \"accepted the role\" or \"took on the role\" leaves out the shade of \"promotion\" that the other forms retain.Sample phrase, with an \"incorrect\" verb taken from above:\"Mere days after his trial, Jonathan was promoted to team leader.\"How would you express the phrase in the most expressive way?
Confusion Regarding Naming of Operator Types I'm working on a program and need to separate operators into a class of unary and binary, but also into relational, arithmetic, logical, and bitwise.I'm struggling with the naming of these two types.What do I call relational, arithmetic, bitwise, and logical?I see that this relates to the function of an operator. Perhaps \"function type\"What do I call unary, and binary?I see that unary and binary relate to the amount of operands an operator can take. Perhaps \"operand type\"I'm not satisfied with just \"operator type\" because you can have a unary logical operator, and a binary relational one; it's not specific enough. They seem to specify different things about the operator and I can't exactly find the right word choice for this.Thank you!
A word/phrase for something that does not do justice to something? This system of evaluation is not doing justice to the employees' work. Those who are good are getting fewer scores, and those who are not good are getting higher scores. The system does not reveal good/bad traits in a fair, proper, or just way. It does not show the merits of the employees properly. <blockquote>  This system is ------ .</blockquote>nonfunctional? unfair? non-revealing? Of course, unfair may work but it seems as there should be word that are more to the point for such circumstances. 
Is the tense of the latter part of the sentence correct? \"He couldn't foresee devoting himself to anything other than that passionate desire, even if the fire eventually burns him down.\" Is 'burns him down' correct? The speaker is okay with the fire burning him down in the future if that is the consequence of following his passion. 
What is it called when someone who is not the author is mentioned on the paper as one of the authors? What is it called when someone who is not the author is mentioned on the paper as one of the authors? Some postgraduate students have to put the name of their professors on their papers as one of the authors, with no substantial work being done by the mofo professors. That is so corrupt! Some other researchers corruptly exchange authorship. That is, A in his paper corruptly mentions B's name next to his own name, providing that B does the same. Is there any word/phrase for such a research corrupt? I came across \"fake authorship\" or \"fake co-authorship\" on the Internet. Is that the right name for it? Or there is a spacial word/phrase for it? 
Should I say \"I am unaware of neither\" or \"I am unaware of both\"? Should I say \"I am unaware of neither of A and B\" or \"I am unaware of both of A and B\"?In other words, is unaware negation?
Is \"rescrew\" a word or local dialect? I heard people saying something like this:<blockquote>  We have to \"rescrew\" [e.g.] a tissue box holster to the wall.</blockquote>I'm not sure, is the syllable \"re\" common? It seems this is not too commonly used.What are possible synonyms / more common terms?
\"Can\" or \"could\" in the mentioned sentence? <blockquote>  Could / Can Happiness bring pain?</blockquote>The above sentence is not meant to mean the past time. \"Could\and not \"can\is used for past. So, \"can\" is preferable in the sentence? On the other hand, the sentence is meant to ask whether there are possible conditions under which happiness bring pain. Or, does it ever happen that happiness brings pain. So, since it is about future possibility, isn't \"could\" a better choice? 
What is the word for \"interaction with business for understanding requirements and present back\" I'd like to put in CV a succint term as responsibility for \"interaction with business for understanding requirements and present back\". Business representative ? business interaction (seems not good enough) ? It would be in CV under the responsibility, telling my capacity of all steps in application/solution development : \"management, [missing here for business interaction], design, development, integration, test, maintenance\"
Should repeated words after an ellipsis be capitalized? I've searched everywhere, including questions about whether to capitalize after a stutter (no), capitalize after an ellipsis (no if it's a continuation of a sentence, yes if it's a new sentence), but they don't really answer my question exactly.Let's say I have this line of dialogue \"What... what happened?!\"Should the second \"what\" be capitalized? Technically, it's a full sentence by itself, but it's also a repetition of the previous \"What.\" So should it be capitalized?
What does \"fu\" mean? <blockquote>  Bitch niggas always jackin' blood, but I know they fu</blockquote>What does \"fu\" mean in this context? I'm sure it isn't \"fuck you\".
On the Use of \"nothing\" the statement 'nothing can be known' seems straightforward, right? 'nothing' is the subject, in which case the statement can be taken to mean that not a single thing can be known.  and yet, is there a way of taking the 'nothing' as adverbial, to qualify the ability to know, such that the statement negatively qualifies the ability to know?   
A word that means \"small gift\"? I'm looking for a single word that means \"little gift\":<blockquote>  Sorry I couldn't buy you anything, but here's a _____ of ten dollars to spend.</blockquote>As for the context, it should be like one you'd see in letters between close friends i.e. informal and the word shouldn't be too long.
Conveying a message in a club advertisement There has been a dispute between my colleague and I between the use of a phrase in our club advertisement. We are a chemistry interest group and sometimes, I feel that new students may feel that the chemistry we do in the club may be difficult etc. Thus, I would like to add in the club advertisement that the chemistry we learn about is \"simple-to-understand\". However, my colleague says that the word \"simple\" puts people off as it makes people think that the chemistry we learn about is too simplistic and boring. This is making me extremely annoyed. So I would like to ask about the effect of the phrase \"simple-to-understand\" on the reader? Does it make the sentence better or worse, in the eyes of the new student?Note: The target audience is an incoming batch of new students to the school. This advertisement's purpose is to help the club attract new members. The whole sentence is \"... members are able to learn interesting and simple-to-understand chemistry outside of the school syllabus\".
The company I work at has this thing we have to say every morning. What is it called? The company I work at (a US branch of a Japanese firm) has a thing we have to say every morning. We stand up and each take turns reading a line from the poster on the wall. It goes like this:  <blockquote>    We meet challenges with courage and creativity to realize our dreams.    Once a decision is made we move quickly to carry out the plan with passion.  As a good corporate citizen we do what is right and contribute to society.  We seek to do our best, act professionally, and take responsibility for our actions.        ... and so on (8 lines total).</blockquote>What is this thing we read called?  \"Every morning at work, we read a/an/the _____.\"
Are there English contrep\u00e8teries apart from this one ? Do you know the difference between a nun in a church and a nun in a bath ?This sounds as a nun joke, it is not.Well, in church her soul is full of hope...Then you let your audience figure out the rest. This is art for connoisseurs, and you're not meant to give it away, but since I think most English speakers miss this without knowing, here it is:Her Soul is full of Hope...Her S-ole is full of H-ope... This is rude, and meant that way, go on...Her H-ole is full of S-opeHer hole is full of soap.There are thousands of such humorous blasts, hidden in French literature, passed like farts in too stiff dinners by bored gentlemen sharing a laugh in private, published weekly in \"L'album de la contesse\" the dedicated section of \"Le canard Enchain\u00e9\a satirical and political weekly read by the establishment.Now my questions are : Does that exist in english ? Is it even possible beyond a few examples ? What's it called ?
What is a single-word adjective for relating /pertaining to physical addictiveness? I need an adjective which means roughly 'of a tendency to cause physical dependence' that can be applied to drugs. 'Addictive' or the like won't work because it doesn't distinguish between physical and psychological dependence. I need an adjective that relates specifically to the quality of a chemical substance to produce physical dependence.I checked thesaurus.com, which cites Roget's 21st Century Thesaurus third edition. It did not offer many choices. The only alternatives it were had obsessive, enslaving or hooking and habit-forming, but these do not specifically relate to physical dependence.Update: I have gotten some fantastic answers, and I appreciate the assistance, but they are not quite what I see. I need an adjective, rather than a noun or any other type of semantic unit. While I prefer the adjective to be a single word, it does not have to be, but I require an adjective for this context. The two of the prior responses have each been nouns or noun phrases.The intended context is something along the lines of the following:Drugs such as heroin are &hellip; , meaning that they demonstrate a high potential for physical dependence.
Is this example correct? (omitting subject in compound sentence) Had an argument with my colleague regarding the example from \"Advanced Grammar in Use\" by Martin Hewings:<blockquote>  In two years time Morneau will have been acting for 50 years, and  shows no signs of retiring from the theatre.</blockquote>To me it sounds a bit fancy, but clear and grammatically correct. However, my colleague insists that it should be corrected in one of these ways:In two years time Morneau will have been acting for 50 years, and he shows no signs of retiring from the theatre.In two years time Morneau will have been acting for 50 years, and yet shows no signs of retiring from the theatre.Morneau will have been acting for 50 years in two years time, and shows no signs of retiring from the theatre.So do you think if it's correct grammatically and stylistically? Can someone think of similar sentences, some real life examples?
Grammatical problem about very and much I was very exhausted in the evening.  She is very tired after a day's work.  In the first sentence very can be replaced by much, but in the second sentence this is not the case. I need to ask why.I have uploaded a picture for the concerned problem. Please review for the same. 
\"Roger was asking for help to heavens\" is wrong sentence? I'm not a native but I'm working as a writer, writing American gossip news. My boss told me that \"Roger was asking for help to heavens.\" is a wrong sentence. What is wrong with it and what's the correct phrase? Because I've subscribed to grammarly and it didn't find any mistake on the grammar. Thanks before.
Trying to remember an English word that means \u201cturmoil\u201d or \u201ctumult\u201d The word is something like \u201cfufura\u201d or \u201cfurfuraw,\u201d and I have even found a couple of web pages in which people use the latter in precisely the way I would use the word I\u2019m trying to remember. But the thing I\u2019m trying to recall would be on more than a couple of pages. 
Stranding \"of\" in subjects - Possible or impossible? ObservationTake a subject that contains an of-phrase (friend of X, president of X, writer of X etc.). Now try to question the element X after of by fronting the corresponding wh-phrase.Often this seems to be completely impossible, as illustrated in (1).<blockquote>  (1) [The friend of the president] has arrived / was fired / fixed my car.<br>  --> ?* Which president has [the friend of _ ] arrived?<br>  --> ?* Which president was [the friend of _ ] fired?<br>  --> ?* Which president did [the friend of _ ] fix my car?</blockquote>But sometimes such fronting seems to be fine, as shown in (2).<blockquote>  (2) [The impeachment of the president] has occurred / was discussed / caused outrage.<br>  --> Which president has [the impeachment of _ ] occured?<br>  --> Which president was [the impeachment of _ ] discussed?<br>  --> Which president did [the impeachment of _ ] cause outrage?</blockquote>And sometimes, such sentences are more acceptable for unaccusatives (arrive, occur, die) and passives (was fired, was discussed, was arrested), than for transitives (fix my car, cause outrage, composed a speech). This is illustrated in (3).<blockquote>  (3) [The writer of the president] has died / was arrested / composed a speech.<br>  --> Which president has [the writer of _ ] died?<br>  --> Which president was [the writer of _ ] arrested?<br>  --> ?* Which president did [the writer of _ ] compose a speech? </blockquote><br>QuestionWhy can you sometimes leave of stranded in the subject and sometimes not?
What is the word for 'Turning real events into fiction'? A single word or phrase for turning events (historical/recent) into fiction.Like based on real events, but fictious. Like some myths that have been derived from real events.<blockquote>  'romanticized' but that means turning things into good/idealistic.I'm looking for a word that is neutral. </blockquote>
Indirect complement or postmodifier in NP In the sentence[1] He is the most talented artist (that) I knowwhat is (that) I know in terms of function \u2013 an indirect complement, licensed by most, or simply a common postmodifier? Why?Similarly, what is in the world in[2] the most talented artist in the worldand why?Addition to the original post:Having read the answer and the comments that I've received for this question, along with answers to other questions about licensing and the modifier/complement distinction, I have to give this another go: According to the comments below, we are dealing with modifiers rather than (indirect) complements in both the above examples. I'm not doubting the validity of these comments \u2013 I just still don't understand. This is why:   As far as I've been able to understand, licensing is all about setting up \"slots\" for specific kinds of structure. For instance, a verb such as give sets up a slot for something being given, and a slot for a recipient; consequently it licenses two object complements (direct and indirect object). Part of the deal is also that the slots set up are specific to a subset of \"licensers\"; in this case: not all verbs license two objects.Now, to me it seems that this 'setting up slots that are specific to a certain subgroup' is exactly what superlatives do, something that, I think, is supported by John Lawler's answer below:<blockquote>  Most is a superlative marker and takes a superlative construction. One of the things required for the construction is a range for comparison </blockquote>Looking again at [1] and [2], it seems to me that both the relative clause in [1] and the PP in [2] elaborate on the \"range-for-comparison-slot\" set up by most; hence, they should both be licensed by most, no?Now, if these dependents are indeed licensed, they should be complements \u2013 shouldn't they? Only, since they aren't licensed by the head noun, but rather by another constituent within the NP, they'd be indirect complements. This is my take on all this \u2013 could someone please explain to me where I go wrong, and how I should think instead?Thank you
Single word for non-domestic errands Is there a single word that describes non-domestic errands like filing taxes, paying credit card bills, printing job related documents, filing an application for a driving license, etc.?For example, if I were to dedicate my entire week to do only the above type of tasks, I would like to say this:\"My entire next week is dedicated to ________.\"I need a single word that fills the blank above.
Is \"with\" optional after \"conferring\"? Consider the sentence:<blockquote>  I answered the question as a novice, without conferring with Sir Thomas More or Sir Francis Bacon.</blockquote>Is the with optional?  Could the sentence also be written as:<blockquote>  I answered the question as a novice, without conferring Sir Thomas More or Sir Francis Bacon.</blockquote>
A translation for the clair french word? What could be the translation for the \"clair\" word in English?<br>I mean \"clair\" in the sense decrypted, not clear.<br>(sorry for my bad english)
Usage of word \"Former\" Is it fine to use the word \"former\" when pertaining to an object?Example:John's former laptop.
Capitalization of titles in an essay where the original work does not capitalize its title according to style (MLA) In my essay (MLA), I talk about Kendrick Lamar's album titled good kid, m.A.A.d city (stylized like that). Which of the following ways would be the correct way to title my essay:Kendrick Lamar's good kid, m.A.A.d city as a Coming of Age StoryKendrick Lamar's Good Kid, M.A.A.D City as a Coming of Age StoryAlso, in essay titles, titles of works are not placed in quotation marks right?
Why is the article used in \"downloading a scammer's files\"? Is there a rule about such cases? I just can not understand.<blockquote>  Downloading a scammer's files.</blockquote>The name of the video from YouTube.
What does \"standing on someone\u2019s shoulders\" really mean? I'm translating the following passage, which is said by a black woman living in America:<blockquote>  But the doctor was right: I was depressed. Like most people in my       community, I had the misconception that depression was a sign of weakness,       a character flaw. But I wasn't weak; I was a high achiever. I was too       ashamed. I didn't think I had the right to be depressed. I had a       privileged life with a loving family and a successful career. And when I       thought about the unspeakable horrors that my ancestors had been through       in this country so that I could have it better, my shame grew even deeper.       I was standing on their shoulders. How could I let them down? I would hold       my head up, put a smile on my face and never tell a soul.</blockquote>I need to know what the sentence I was standing on their shoulders mean? Does it mean I had to continue the way they had started? Does it mean I had much better conditions than theirs?
Capitalization and hyphenation of proper name derived from a number sequence I'm writing a sci-fi novel in which humans travel to a nearby star known by the catalog number Gliese 892, where they encounter a sentient species. Listening to numerous videos about such stars, it is clear that each number in the catalog name is pronounced separately (so it is \"Gliese eight nine two,\" not \"Gliese eight hundred ninety-two\").The crew refers to members of this species as Gliese eight-nine-twoians (and jokes about how awkward the name is).Is there a rule or guideline that can be applied to capitalization and hyphenation of this term?<blockquote>  I met my first Gliese Eight Nine Twoian?    I met my first Gliese eight-nine-twoian?    Something else?</blockquote>Or<blockquote>  The Gliese-eight-nine-twoian was nice.    Something else?</blockquote>
Around \u201cwhich\u201d or around \u201cwho\u201d or around which? In a sentence that reads, \u201cAlign your attention with that maternal star around **** we orbit\u201d, what word would be suitable? I am unsure because \u201cmaternal star\u201d adds gender and very nearly attributes personhood to the object of the sentence. I understand that normally you would say \u201cStar around which we orbit*. But is it acceptable to use who of whom given what strikes me as a special case? Any clarification would be greatly appreciated. 
What is the business term to use when describing take a business to smaller markets Like a business used to operate in big cities/markets, now the mgmt team made a decision - avoid the saturation and competition - to take the business to smaller places where there are new opportunities and less competition. Is there a business jargon for this?
work experience vs work experiences I often see these 2 terms are used interchangeably.It's very clear to me that 'work experiences' refers to specific job positions as opposed to the more abstract term work experience, which can be related to skills and the ability.    Just to confirm, is this correct?Note that this question isn't about differentiating experience(s), but is 'work' oriented.
Is there a word that means unstoppably powerful, but also fast? I'm looking for a word that means something that is powerful, unstoppable, but also fast. \"Juggernaut\" covers the first part, but it implies enormous size and sluggish inertia. I feel like there's a word that fits the idea, but I can't come up with it.It's intended to be the name of vessel, so it doesn't have to be any particular part of speech.
Is there a colloquial word/phrase for data that can not be used to show a quality of an object? Let's say I've not shown up for my linear algebra class for four months. I now have to cram for the final in the last two days, which we can say is stressful. Now, this could not be used as evidence to show that the class is difficult.How would I describe that? I could say \"That's your fault, me, -not evidence that can be used to ascribe a quality to a class-.\" How would I restate the content in the --?I think \"That's your fault, you can't take that to mean the class is difficult\" is pretty close, but I think there may be a better way to say it.Thank you!
Speak, talk, chat...? What would be the best (and shortest) way to indicate that you want to have a meaningful conversation with both parts of that conversation being equally important? Is there a verb in English expressing that thought? Thanks, Jens 
Grammaticality of 'that' relative clause in phrase beginning with possessive pronoun I would like to ask about the grammaticality of a 'that' relative clause modifying a noun phrase that begins with a possessive pronoun. Please consider these examples:<blockquote>    Please send in your technician that I can talk to.  They scrapped our project that had taken us so much effort.  </blockquote>From a somewhat prescriptive standpoint (I'm trying to quit...), I would like to ask whether this construction might require the 'that' pronoun to be replaced with the stronger alternatives, 'which' or 'who', also preceded by a comma.<blockquote>    Please send in your technician, who I can talk to.  They scrapped our project, which had taken us so much effort.  </blockquote>Alternatively, beginning the noun phrases with an indefinite article would then allow the 'that' relative clause.<blockquote>    Please send in a technician that I can talk to.  They scrapped a project that had taken us so much effort.  </blockquote>I would really appreciate knowing your views on this--particularly on the ungrammaticality I see in the first examples.Thank you very much.
You becoming 'CHU' and 'JU' I know for over a fact that the word \"YOU\"  when the word before its a T or a 'D' sound it can change to a CH sound or a  J sound, but I've ALWAYS wonder why does that happen?So, I want you= a\u026a w\u0251nt ju= becomes= \u026a w\u0251nt \u02a7uI need you= a\u026a nid ju, becomes= a\u026a nid \u02a4\u028cuBut, why?
Making a name an English name How does one go about taking a name (or word) from another language and making it an English name? I know of examples such as Yeshua being turned to Joshua or Yonatan turning into Jonathan, but I do not know the rule itself. Edit: To help specify my question:  I am trying to change is the Malayalam word for \"Heart\" (Hrdayarn) I want to use it as a name but it sounds just a little off. 
Is there any specific word for extra or unwanted word in a sentence? There are certain words, if absent in a given sentence does not make any difference. For an example,Either today is Monday or Tuesday. Can also be written as:Today is Monday or Tuesday. These two sentences are exactly same without any loss of meaning per se. The only word that came across in my mind is filler. But, I am not happy with this word. It does not encompass entire meaning to what I am looking for. If I want to say: \"Either is called ____ in above example. Its absence in the sentence will not make any difference in the meaning of the given sentence.\"
Overfill is a word, why isn't \"underfill\" as widely recognized to be a word? Is there a different or better word for \"underfill\".MS Word, Google, don't seem to recognize underfill as a word.On Merriam Webster, they recognize it as a noun(paraphrased):a piece of steel manufactured with insufficient materialan incompletely filled containerUnderfill is also a material used in the PCB manufacturing process.Why isn't it a verb similar to, but the antonym of, \"overfill\"?
An adverb to mean that something looks to be in a certain way but may or may not be so? <blockquote>  This country's ranking is ----- promising, but there are doubts  whether they should be taken at face value.</blockquote>I am not sure about whether such adverbs as \"apparently\" or \"ostensibly\" are good here. Are they? Which one is the most idiomatic one?
What type of clause is the given sentence? <blockquote>  Is the sentence \"Then the staff assembled the units.\" a dependent or an independent clause?</blockquote>Well, according to me, since there is subordinate conjunction \"Then\" in the sentence with no other sentence, so, therefore, it should be a dependent clause.And also it kinda sounds incomplete when we speak out loud. :)But my book says that its the main clause or independent clause.Any help would be appreciated.
Expression where someone is promoting a value they do not actually have in order to have better public relations I tagged the question as \"single-word request\but I am pretty sure it is an expression of two words. One of those words is the word \"value\" accompanied with another word that I am looking for.It would be used under this context:\"The company wants us to take a picture of all the employees for Earth day, they are just value __________ to get better public relations\"
Can you give an example of reentrancy? What is an example of reentrancy in everyday speech?
The opposite of \"to peel? A word for removing a valuable center? An antonym for peel would be to unpeel, to put the skin back on. I am not looking for that, but rather, for something that extracts and retains whatever is valuable or central or essential or edible from something -- what would be left after you peels something, or what you get by removing the center of something with a spoon. (Is there a word for words that are in this kind of opposition, I wonder?)\"Pith\" and \"core,\" as verbs, both come close to what I am looking for, but in common usage both suggest that it is that object that has been cored or pithed that we value, want, and intend to keep. I am hoping for a word that is like \"core,\" but suggests that it is the core we intend to keep. I want to set up an opposition between two actions, peel and \"X,\" the first of which removes a small valuable piece or layer from a useless bulk, contrasted to removing an essential or valuable core or mass from a useless coating or after discarding a valueless dross.  My goal is to find a pair of words to serve as a mnemonic for a more abstract pair of actions that applies to certain data structures, as in: <blockquote>  The peel() function extracts the listed elements from the data  structure, while the \"X\"() function returns a full copy of the data  structure after discarding the listed elements.</blockquote>I spent some time paging through a couple of thesauruses looking at antonyms for peel and synonyms for core or pith, all three as verbs, and did not find anything useful.The problem of both \"peel\" and \"core,\" for my purposes, is that the usual implication for what you value in performing the actions is backwards. I want an alternative or pair of alternative that says when I peel something, I do it because I want the peel (and am discarding the core), and when I core something, I do it because I want the core (and am discarding the peel).This question analogizes my data structures to fruit or the like, but I am open to entirely different metaphors so long as they set up the opposition between two actions, one removing and keeping a small valuable piece from a valueless bulk, and the other keeping a valuable bulk while discarding valueless elements.
Single word for \"give custody\": to custode? I'm wondering how best to describe \"to give custody\" in single-word format. Obviously to \"custode\" is not a word, but I'm looking for something similar.What is a single-word for \"give custody\"?Background: This is in relation to finding a phrase to use in my software development project. A user clicks a button, and another user becomes a \"delegate\" or gets given \"custody\" of a certain activity, I'm looking for a word to put on or name the button. I will most likely use \"Delegate\however, I still want to know if there's a single-word for \"to give custody\".
The term for caring more about problems that you see as directly affecting yourself What is the term for the tendency to care more about problems that we perceive as directly affecting us? Or, relatedly, the tendency to show more empathy for people's problems when we perceive the people to be more similar to us?There must be academic terminology related to this. I have tried Googling with different keywords, but I haven't found any relevant results. 
Is the given sentence grammatically correct? <blockquote>  There would be unnecessary state-run social security programmes.</blockquote>Is the sentence grammatically correct? If no, Why not?
Word, or phrase for... two organisms that come together, grow -- but their mutual product harms their locality, and they benefit from that too? two organisms that come together, grow -- but their mutual product harms their locality, and they benefit from that too?
Not a decade, but a term for a 9 year span Thanks for the help in advance; first time posting here.I'm curious what the most appropriate single word is to describe a 9 year time span, or a 9 year anniversary. A search on Google didn't turn up much, but it did help me find this information in the Wiki page for \"decade\": \"...Other words for spans of years also come from Latin: biennium (2 years), triennium (3 years), quadrennium (4 years), lustrum (5 years)\".Following this pattern, the most appropriate form of the word I could come up with is novemnium, seeing as novem is Latin for 9. Is this the correct structure/spelling, or are there better alternatives to this problem?
Why is quixotic not Quixotic (a proper adjective)? Adjectives derived from proper nouns are known as proper adjectives, and are capitalized:A piece of writing could be Shakespearean, not shakespearean.A person may be Canadian, not canadian.Even Chrome's spellchecker sees these as correct and incorrect.However, quixotic is written in lower case, despite coming from the name of the character Don Quixote.  Similarly, draconian laws are named for Draco, a particularly brutal senator from ancient Athens.Does anyone know the reasoning behind some proper adjectives not being capitalized in common usage?
Present Perfect and Reichenbach's model of tense I recently came across the following construction in some documentation I was reading: This document describes a solution that has been applied during the migration. To me, this seemed utterly wrong, but I was not exactly sure why.  After reading through Michaelis's \"Time and Tense\which introduced me to Reichenbach's model of tense, it seems to me that the reason comes down to the location of the reference time.  Based on the context of the situation, I understand the reference time, R, to be a completed duration occurring before the moment of utterance, S, with the event, E, not being ordered with respect to R (E,R_S).To me using the present perfect (E_S,R), with the event and reference point being different simply does not work.  The reference point is in the past along with the event, so simple past, right? Though I generally trust my gut in matters of tense and time, I am having doubts on this one.  What are your opinions on the matter?  Evan   
Sad and Melancholy yet Beautiful I have been struggling to find a word that I, at one time, had seen in my vocabulary lessons. I am trying to describe something that is \"beautiful or attractive\" yet also possessing \"sadness or melancholy.\" I think this word was most commonly used in the sense of describing a lady's face, where the poignant feature was seen as \"beautifully sad.\" I might say \"the damsel's face showed lines of worry and stress, and her eyes dripped a touch. Her tousled hair and reddened skin made her a 'pathetic and beautiful' mess.\"As much I try searching for this word, \"pathetic\" is the closest I've come to finding it. This word could be a borrowed one and potentially naturalized. 
A catchphrase to describe an over-protective subordinate Is there a catchphrase to describe a subordinate whose knee-jerk reaction is to aggressively verbally defend their boss from any perceived slight sometimes without actually understanding the issue or even when it's not unambiguously an attack on their boss or their boss himself probably wouldn't care? (Something historical maybe or borrowing on a fictional character?)
Is it correct to say \"proud of having met you\or should it be \"proud to have met\"? Is it correct to say \"I have proud of having  met both of you\"I am proud of having met both of you. (past present?)I am proud to have met both of you. (present perfect?)What does the first one say? The word \"having\" sounds like it is happening, but it was done already. Is it right?The second one sounds like it happened in the past. Does it mean it is finished? Inconclusive?
What do you call a person who silently waits for something/one to fail and then overreacts publicly about it? How do you call somebody who's never there to give advice/help on executing a task and almost secretly waits/hope until someone/something fails and then immediately overreacts by loudly/publicly exposing how flawed/poor the task execution was?
One word for \"someone working far away\" To say that since you're working in different location which is far away you won't be able to handle this activity.
What part of speech is \"handsome\" in the following sentence What part of speech is handsome in the sentence:<blockquote>  The bridegroom looked so handsome.</blockquote>
The difference between two statements [PUNCTUATION] Sentence 1:A is friend of B who is eating an apple.Sentence 2:A is friend of B , who is eating an apple.In which Sentence it can be said that A is eating apple?Does the usage of comma change the context of who is eating apple?
What is the difference with PS4 Kingdom Hearts 2.8 Limited Edition and Normal Edition? What are the differences between the 2 versions?
What items can be created using Chem Fluid and Strong Chem Fluid? There is a trophy/achievement that requires you too create all items that can be made using either Chem Fluid or Strong Chem Fluid:<blockquote>  1st Place at the Science Fair    Create all items that contain Chem Fluid and Strong Chem Fluid</blockquote>What is the full list of items that can be created to unlock this?In addition, I would be interested to know if any of them don't appear it the 'Combine Menu' which so far has been hinting on what items can be made by combining items in my inventory.
Uplay Shop Tab Missing I'm in a very strange situation. When I run Uplay and log in, there is no shop tab. Usually, I start all my PC games from Steam, which means I don't use Uplay very often.I tried to fix this bug by reinstalling the latest version of Uplay, but this didn't help. I always log in online; I never use offline mode. Did I miss a special setting to enable the shop?
Is it possible to get a hole in one on hole 18 on the Garden course? Is there any way to get a Hole in One on Hole 18, of the Garden Course in minigolf in Tower Unite? I've looked all over and I cant find anything that would help me out here. I know it's possible, because you end up right next to the hole. Any help would be appreciated.
How do I accept a duel challenge from a friend? I started playing Yugioh Duel Links and got through the tutorial stage pretty quickly. I reached Stage 2 and then received a friend request shortly followed by a duel challenge. The message appear on the top of my phone a few times, but it did not give me an option to accept the duel. I browsed through my friend's list and menu with no option to accept the duel either.How do I accept a duel challenge from a friend?
Any way to see all my current total stats (regen, resistance, armor rating, etc) in Skyrim? When having various gear giving various kinds of stat boosts, resistances, regen, etc, is there a way to see a complete picture of what they currently are? For example to see my total fire or magic resistance?
Can't set Latvia as my location (not in the list) Xbox one s. Just updated. There is no Latvian language in the list, so I set the English language. When choosing the location, Latvia is not there. And many others aren't there.
Hammer Editor - Adding C.S (TTT) Weapons to HL2 Base I have finally figured out how to use hammer editor. I opened it up and started creating maps on the Half Life 2 \"Base\". However, I am making the map for TTT for Garry's Mod, which I presume uses Counter Strike weapons like the sniper and the shotgun. How do I get Counter Strike weapons into the Half Life 2 base map I am working on?I do not own any Counter Strike games.
Hammer Editor - \"Unexpected End of File\" On Load, Reading Chunks 33% First of all, I know questions similar to this have been answered, but yet I cannot find the solution.I was saving my map after doing some stuff with logic entities. Upon saving, Hammer quit without any message. Upon attempted loading, Hammer comes up with \"File C:...mapname.vmf, line 18838: unexpected end of file\with another window saying \"Loading Chunks...\" Then 33%. I have read that editing the .vmf file to add a curly bracket } at the end to close the whatever it's called. I found mine was missing one, so I added it, now when ever I open the same map it loads to 33% again, then crashes, all in under a second.So, simply: Any solutions? Also, I am using the Hammer Editor with HL2 in the base.It's kind of sad I have to write this one about 2 hours after my other H.E question.
Do status effect particles still show while the player is invisible? Will other players still see the particles from a player that drank a Potion of Invisibility?
What's the difference between Mellow Mode and Classic Mode? When you start the game, it asks if you want to choose Mellow Mode, which says \"this mode makes the game a little breezier and more relaxed\or Classic Mode, which says \"this mode is recommended for more experienced players\". What are the actual gameplay differences between the two? 
Is there any way to play Diablo III in English? I have bought a digital version of Diablo III at xbox.com at a South America sale.My Xbox One region is USA and the language is English. But still when I download the game it only has the Spanish Language.I can't find a way to play it in English or even buy it again at its North America version this time!Does anyone have any idea on how I can solve this?Thank you.
What does subclassing do? So I've been playing Disgaea 5 for quite a bit and got a handle on most of the plethora of mechanics in the game but there is one that has still got me baffled as to what it does, subclasses. What I do know thanks to reading walkthroughs is that you should subclass your unique characters as soon as you get them and leave your generic characters the alone until they max their subclass out then you can switch them out. I also know that you need subclasses to unlock new characters through the recruiter and provide small stat boosts to new characters created with the upgraded class.So my question besides the minor stat boost and need for unlocking new characters what exactly does leveling subclasses do?
How to handle arena equipment in 1.7.10 so it can't be taken away by players? Using 1.7.10 version, I want to create a PvP/PvE arena.I want players to be able to get free equipment to play with, however, I don't want them to be able to carry this equipment home, because it will break the economy. Neither do I want to limit the total amount of times they can get the equipment nor players to be able to get advantage of \"unauthorized\" equipment that they carry from home.The most straight-forward way to handle this is to have some large chests and/or an Ender Chest at the entrance, and have the players step onto a pressure plate that triggers a command block wiping their inventory each time they leave the arena (the passage is very narrow). If enough signs are put, players will understand how it works and not lose their things. Arena equipment is given inside, by activating another command block. I have seen this working on another server, but if a player fails to understand that his inventory is going to get wiped, he will lose his things. Also his things may get stolen from the chests if he doesn't use the Ender Chest -- which I don't want.Is there any way, probably through plugins/mods, to replace player's inventory with something else to automatically restore it later?
Is there any use for the hand that you find in the guest house? Early on in the game, while in the guest house, you can find a hand on the floor and are able to pick it up.Is there any use for this hand at all? What is the point of being able to pick it up?Spoiler to help clarify exactly what I mean:<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   The hand I refer to is your own severed hand, that Mia chops off with the chainsaw. Once you get up you can pick it up from the floor nearby. I can also confirm that regardless of if you pick it up or not, it will still get re-attached the same way later in the game.</blockquote>
Rocket League Base Game vs Collector's Edition What is the difference between the Rocket League Base Game and the Collector's Edition? I have bought the Collector's Edition, but could someone please confirm what is included?
Problem with mods on Morrowind I've been playing Elder Scrolls Oblivion for almost three years and I love it. I got Morrowind Game of the Year Edition last year and I started to play it. I like mods, so I downloaded lots of them to make the game a little bit funny. But when I start the game, some mods don't work. I have no idea why this happens, I even checked on the Construction Set and I can see the new NPC's and objects, but they never show up in the game. For example, I downloaded a couple of house mods and they work fine(Cave House, Warrior's Rest). I have a mod for massive teleportation, and also works. But I downloaded new quest mods(Regin of fire, The great tribe of the North, Romance, The ring of the vampire, A drow history) but they don't work. Can anyone help me, please? I really love to play this quest mods, I have lots of them for Oblivion. 
If you leave a dungeon to save, does it reset its state? I'm working on the Pitioss Ruins dungeon, but I'd rather not do it all in one day. Plus I'm getting paranoid that my PS4 will mysteriously shut off or something and I'll have to start over! Obviously, I can't save in the dungeon, but I think I can get back to the entrance without too much trouble. The question is, if I leave, save, then reload, will my progress in the dungeon be kept or reset? 
Which Gen 5 Pokemon have viable Transfer moves when transferred to Sun/Moon? I've been looking everywhere for some kind of list like this, but so far no luck. Now that the Pokemon Bank updates have rolled out, I've started eyeing previous generations (V for now) that can still transfer all the way up to Sun/Moon.I know as generations change, some movepools change, and earlier generation Pokemon can be transferred up a Gen with the old moves intact.Looking back at older generations, what are some good Pokemon/move combos I should keep an eye out for for transferring into the current generation? I know there was a lot of talk of Machamp/Fissure from the Gen I games (hidden abilities took care of that though) - any others to keep in mind besides Gen I?
How do I know if I already have disenchanted a trait? In ESO, you can disenchant traits on armor and weapons for creating that same trait on new armor and weapons.Is there a way to know if I've already disenchanted the trait on an item? I'd like to know if I can go ahead and sell the item or hang on to it to disenchant it later.
Does completing the side-mission Lock and Load have any in-game effect? Handsome Jack mentions that if you get some loaders to the moonshot that \"they'll join you on the moon's surface.\"Does this actually have an in game effect, and if it does is it affected by the number of loaders that survive?
What is the game's tech progression? In Subnautica, the primary method of progression is by scanning broken pieces of equipment that are lying scattered on the ocean floor. This unlocks various tech upgrades, which allow you to explore more and more of the map.The game starts you off in the Safe Shallows biome, in which you can find some useful tech such as the Seaglide. However, I'm not sure where to go next. The next logical step seems to be to either the Kelp Forest or Grassy Plateaus, to find the Seamoth parts. After that I'm at a loss though. Do I head straight to the Aurora to fix the radiation? Underwater islands for Cyclops parts? It doesn't feel like the game gives you a lot of direction, and considering the massive dangers of swimming in unknown territory... well, let's say I'd prefer to avoid any encounters with Reaper Leviathans for as long as I can. 
Dota resets the selected regions at every start. How to fix it? Since some recent update, Dota seems to not keep the regions information on the disk, so it resets at every start. This is bloody annoying for users like me who want to play on custom regions. Do you know how to fix it?
How can I defeat guardians? I have not been able to discover a method of defeating guardians. I have to run away every time. What are some methods to defeating these giant instant death laser creatures?
How do I infuse the crystalline shard? Before leaving the Changing God's resonance chamber you find a Crystalline Shard which you can use as a light weapon. From various wiki sites I know that it <blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   can be upgraded to an Infused Crystalline Shard by extending it to the obelisk in the Reef of Fallen Worlds. </blockquote>How exactly do you perform the operation since the dialog options do not seem to show it to me?
How is Cooldown Reduction applied? I am currently running a Zer0 build that depends heavily on replenishing health and shields using the Holo Decoy (Action Skill). I have a Legendary Hunter Class Mod with +40% Cooldown Rate and a Proficiency Relic with +35.8% Cooldown rate. I'm interested in how those values are applied. Do they work additively or multiplicatively? Also, is there a hard cap on how low the cooldown can get? And finally, if I cancel my Action Skill early, is the total cooldown reduction applied to the full cooldown or the reduced cooldown time?Edit: Also, the items say 'Cooldown Rate' -- what exactly does that mean? Is it the same as a Cooldown reduction (i.e. 40% CR \u2192 60% Cooldown remaining) or is there like an Action Skill Bar that fills at a certain rate to which the Cooldown Rate Multiplier is applied?
What is the significance of the 3 Delta ships shown on Stage 1? At the start of the game (Stage 1), there were 3 Delta Ships. One of them gets destroyed later.But the ships only showed up for Stage 1, and there was no description about them. What are the ships there for?
Are there any user friendly ways to access screenshots taken on the Switch? I have an SD card on my console and have it set to store screenshots on the card.  But it doesn't seem like there's a way to view or otherwise extract those screenshots without having to pull out the SD card and use a reader to access them.  But this is not a desirable option since the Switch has to be turned off before removing the card.  Connecting the Switch to a (Windows) computer doesn't work, it's recognized as a USB device but nothing else.  I can't imagine how it would work if I didn't have an SD card.How else are we expected to access these screenshots?
How does the Attack stat affect damage calculation? I have been having problems trying to figure out how the Attack stats work for Pok\u00e9mon Red Rescue Team.I have a Lv. 44 Swampert, with around 70 Attack. I also have a Lv. 26 Kyogre (last time I checked), with around the same amount of attack. The thing is, in the Magma Cavern dungeon, my Swampert does ~50-55 damage. My Kyogre does, in the same dungeon, ~25-30 damage.Are there secret attack stats that I'm missing somewhere?
How to aim accurately with a chopper's weaponry? Many of the choppers in the game are armed with various weapons, usually miniguns or rocket pods, allowing you to wreak some pretty effective devastation upon your enemies.However actually getting rounds onto a target whilst airborne is incredibly difficult.What techniques can I use to ensure that munitions fired from my chopper will hit the target?
Uplay Games not Launching I have 2 Ubisoft games on Steam, Assassin's Creed III and Valiant Hearts. I've bought them a while ago, and they seemed to work, I've played them a lot.But now, when I try to run them, the mouse icon loads for a few seconds and nothing. Nothing happens. I checked my computer processes and there is no \"Valiant Hearts\" or \"Assassin's Creed III\" process running. I can't launch the game from the shortcut, nor steam, nor the Uplay launcher.What I have tried:Reinstalling Uplay: This seemed to work in the first place (before I did that, the uplay launcher wouldn't launch as well). After reinstalling, the uplay launcher started to launch, and I was able to play the games once, and then the problem returned. Now, I can open the uplay launcher, but can't launch any games.Going Offline: I've read in some internet forums that going offline could help me. I tried. Nothing.Update: Tried running all as administrator, didn't work.I don't have anymore ideas. I don't think that this is an installation problem because I was able to play the games, the problem appeared out of nowhere.Here are my device's specifications:Windows 10AMD FX Quad-Core ProcessorNVIDIA GForce GT6808GB of RAM. UPDATEI don't know what happened. I didn't did anything, but today i just tried to start the games and they worked. It seems that uplay is pretty unstable. However, i'll leave the question (and bounty) open, if someone appears with a permanent solution (i don't know how long my games will be working).
Are generic mob farms efficient on populated MP servers? I want to build a mob farm on a generic minecraft survival server with around 60 people average online. If I light up all caves around the mob farm. Build it high up into the sky and get afking, would the efficiency be the same as when I would play SP on my computer? Or at least comparable?Plan on building this one:                            
Connect to the same server on MooMoo.io? I've found moomoo.io recently and wanted to test it out with my friends. But we can't quite hit the same server.I guess it's something similar like Agar.io, where you find the socket in your browsers console and connect to it there, but I can't quite figure it out here.Edit: There has been an update with the party button being added. It worked for us some moments ago, but it has a bug at the moment that renders it useless. Regardless of that, I'm looking for a way to force join the same server without using the provided party option.
Why does my PS4 keep deleting my updates randomly? About four or five months ago, my PS4 deleted all of the updates for Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 and it told me that my data was corrupt so I had to delete it and reinstall. This was annoying on its own, but I downloaded 19GB worth of updates and hopped on for a game with my friends. I started lagging so bad that I rage quit and started playing a different game. I booted BO3 up again the next day and my updates had deleted themselves again. Getting really annoyed, I quit BO3 and played a different game for about a month. Something I should mention is that my PS4 seemed to believe that I had the digital version of BO3, which I did not. Then, I decided that I was going to re-download it one last time and this time it worked. In February of this year, I got the new Call of Duty (IW) and I downloaded 15 GB worth of updates. I started playing and enjoyed myself. However, now, in March, I got two new games. Once I installed both of them, IW's updates got destroyed again, but I didn't mind that much. I updated my new games (4GB 15GB) and I played them yesterday. Today, I booted my PS4 up and my updates are gone again. It appears that no one else on the internet is having this problem, except those with Xboxes, but that doesn't help me. How do I fix this?I have tried. My PS4 has about 40GB worth of space left, though I don't think that thats the actual number. 
Why can't I rebattle the trainers I could in Pok\u00e9mon Black and White? So, I'm training for the Elite Four in my Pok\u00e9mon Black game. Normally, you could rebattle the trainers at Big Stadium and Small Court, but at the time I am writing this post, there is a baseball game going on in Big Stadium, so I cannot go there to train. There is also the Rotation Battle House in Opelucid City. But, the problem is, whenever I go to the trainers in the two places I can, I'm unable to do so, despite having not rebattled the trainers once today. I tried soft-resetting for the Rotation Battle House, exiting and reentering Small Court, and I still cannot rebattle the trainers. By the way, I'm playing on DeSmuMe. What has happened and how can I fix the problem?Edit:Big Stadium just opened up again and I rebattled all of the trainers there. However, I still can't battle the others in Small Court or Opelucid City.Edit 2: It's a new day and the reverse is happening. I can battle trainers in Small Court now, but now I can't battle anyone in Big Stadium or Opelucid City.Edit 3:I've made it to Undella Town, now I can't complete the Riches Challenge. Is it a problem with the emulator or what?
Can't connect to Steam servers and other gaming servers on Windows 10 I have been having an issue with Steam. Whenever I try to log into it, it tells me that it is having trouble connecting to the Steam servers, and won't let me log in. I used to be able to use Steam perfectly fine, but I started getting issues after I moved. I have tried re-installing, deleting ClientRegistry.blob, and everything else. I even tried replacing my router, as it was a bit out of date. Despite all of these, none of them have helped.I am also having issues connecting to the Warthunder servers outside of Steam.  It says I have limited Ethernet, but I am able to use the internet on my computer. Another thing that is not working are .io websites. I am unable to connect to them.Despite these things, I am able to use the browser version of steam. 
What is the most effective way to grind for drops from the three spirit dragons? Dinraal, Naydra, and Farosh are benign spirits flying around their respective regions in the form of elemental dragons. Attacking them with arrows will make pieces fall to the ground depending on where they are hit. These pieces are used for a few shrines, but also for enhancing some Armours.What is the best strategy to accumulate these pieces?What sort of appearance patterns do each dragon have? Is this purely random, or is there a way to influence their arrival?Is there a more effective trick to get a higher number of drops during a single encounter?The pieces that drop are as follows:Dragon's Scale: Shed by hitting the dragon over most areas of its body.Dragon's Claw: Shed by hitting the dragon's limbs.Dragon's Fang: Shed by hitting the dragon's mouth.Shard of Dragon's Horn: Shed by hitting the dragon's horns.Each dragon has their own set of four pieces.
Minecraft--Drops of carrots Can you still obtain carrots from zombies in Minecraft 1.11.2? I have a world where I need carrots for potions. I have LITERALLY everything else. I can't find any villages, though. Know any good ways to get carrots? -- Besides using a hoe. -- Thanks! :)
Linking two portals in Minecraft I have built a mob grinder in Minecraft, 200 blocks into the air. Obviously, in a Survival World, getting up and down the can be difficult, and ugly. I have attempted to use the \"two portals - one teleport\" idea; that is, build two Nether Portals in the same chunk, and you can use them to travel between two point is the Overworld. However, I cannot get this to work - I have had mixed results.I have tried building the two portals 150 blocks away from each other (one at y=50, the other at y=200), light one, and enter the nether, to establish the link, then light the other one. This has given me mixed results. Either:A third Nether Portal spawns in a separate location (as if the first portal was broken)I only reappear out of the first Nether Portal, regardless of where I enter.Is there a way to use two Nether Portals as a form of \"Elevator\"? 
How is the ball \"activated\" in DropShot? What determines when the ball loses its shell or goes super-saiyan?I've heard people claim it has to do with:How hard you hit the ballHow many times the ball has been hit since it touched the floor lastHow high off the floor the ball isBased on my observations so far, every one of these is incorrect.  So what actually causes it?
Do buried corpses rot normally? I've been looking around a bit but I haven't found the answer. I'm curious as to whether buried corpses decay normally.Does a roof over the grave impact the decay, or do they decay as normal corpses?If I build a freezer around dirt graves or sarcophagi, will it keep them fresh? That way I could dig them up if things get bad, or if I really need a new cowboy hat!
How do I beat gold rank strike team missions? My strike team members fail a lot, even on bronze.  Their success chance on gold rank missions are way way low (15% or less), but those are the only missions I have left.How do I complete them with my strike team?
What's the best way to find a car in Player Unknown's Battlegrounds? I like playing the outer edges of the map, but sometimes the first circle is all the way on the other side and I end up pretty much guaranteed to die unless I can find a car.And I'm really, really bad at finding a car.What kinds of places do they spawn?
Do the 'Smash' or 'Massacre' perks affect the Eviscerator's primary, alt and bash attacks? The Eviscerator differs from the other Berserker melee weapons as it has no separate 'light' and 'hard' melee attacks, but a projectile and a melee attack instead. Do the 'Smash' or 'Massacre' perks affect the Eviscerator's attacks (projectile, melee chainsaw and bash)? How do those perk skills affect those attacks?Smash:<blockquote>  Hard attacks with perk melee weapons do 50% more damage, do 25% more  damage on head hits, and have 200% more stumble power.</blockquote>Massacre:<blockquote>  Light attacks with perk melee weapons do 30% more damage and all  attacks with perk melee weapons are 5% faster.</blockquote>Specifically I would like to know if the following apply to any of the Esciverator's attacks:Smash and Massacre's damage bonusSmash's headshot bonus damageSmash's stumble power bonusMassacre's attack speed bonus 
Can I change the color of my lips? Playing Mass Effect: Andromeda, I have my character customized to be exactly as I want... except one thing. The lips on my character are a godawful shade of bright pink, and do not match at all with my complexion. I tried to look for a way to change it in the character creator, but I couldn't find it. I've also searched all over for a console command to fix it and came up with the same result.So that leads me to this question of how can I change my character's lip color; both during character creation for future reference and after the character has been created?
Will getting high chaos on the first level result in a bad ending? I don't want to do low chaos and get the bad ending again (this is my second time running through the game).I got high chaos on the first level.  Will that make me have a bad ending?
Steam - Remote download on free games? So, sometimes when you buy a game on a phone or tablet and not a computer, it gives you the option to \"remote download\" the game. If Steam is running in the background, it will download the game you bought. As far as I know, it only works on paid games, but is there a way to remote download a free game?
Minecraft wrong FPS I've played a bit with Minecraft Windows 10 edition which is awesome fast and fluid.I've then tried the demo version of the original game, but it happens to feel laggy.What I don't understand, is that the FPS counter ingame (F3) shows a nearly constant 60FPS (drop sometimes to 59).My screen is a 60hz screen, so I don't understand why the game feels so slow.Is the FPS counter in the game accurate ? My hardware is a decent laptop Core I7 6700HQ, 16GB of RAM and a NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M.I also tweaked the computer with:JVM arguments to increase RAMinstalled latest Java runtime, and made the minecraft launcher use thissetup in the NVIDIA control panel to use the GPU and not CPU on the javaw process (F3 shows me the correct GPU)
Max number of souls Dark Souls 2 SotFS PS4 In Dark Souls 2 the enemies disappear after you beat them several times, I think it's 10 times and then the enemy disappears. So, my question is, how many souls could be gained in the first playthrough of the game if you kill every enemy till it disappears, and you never lose your souls. Has anyone done this?
Is spitters' attack range equal to turret range? I was considering building a defense that will prevent spitters from attacking turrets immediately by forcing them to walk around walls first. But is their range smaller than that of the turrets? Is larger spitters' attack range greater?
Is there a command to stop individual mobs from spawning in Minecraft? I want to be able to play survival mode on 1.8.0(with mods) without hostile mobs spawning but with hunger going down. Basically, I want the mobs to act like peaceful mode, but everything else to act like normal mode.
How do promotion/demotion work in CSGO? I didn't play CSGO for a few months, and now that I came back to it, I'm stuck on the lowest ranking.I must have played 15 games, not all wins, but still there was some, but I'm still with one stripe.So how does the ranking work? Can I see how far I am to ranking up?
Is it possible to have multiple custom radio channels in GTA:San Andreas? Version of the game is PC, downgraded to 1.0Instead of just the one custom radio channel the game has, is it possible to make multiple custom radio channels, so I could have different genres of custom music?
Do Mementos requests ever expire? In Persona 5, there are requests for the Phantom Thieves to take care of in Mementos, similar in vein to the requests in Tartarus in Persona 3. However, the requests in Persona 3 were listed with a specific expiration date. I cannot find any sort of expiry date on the requests in Persona 5. Are there no expiration dates, meaning I can wait until the end of the game to complete them all at once, or do they expire after some unmentioned time?
What are the triggers that add new abilities in Trowser shop? I plan on buying every ability, then going back to W1 and try to complete it 100%, then W2, etc.Trowser seems to add abilities to his shop every time you open a new world, but are there any other triggers that would add an ability to his shop?
Is there a fix for Skyrim's bug for Glory of the Dead? I recently got Skyrim Complete edition, the one with all the add-ons. I have it installed on my hard drive for Xbox360. I have many quests open, but the one I can't do is the Companions mission - Glory of the Dead.I started the mission before, to kill the witches at the coven and get the heads. I have all the witches heads with me. I got back to Whiterun and saw Kodlak was dead. I then proceeded to the Silver Hand fort and wiped them all out. I then fast travelled back to Whiterun, where Vilkas said that the funeral will start and I must go to the Skyforge. I then proceeded up to the Skyforge, where Aela starts talking. They light Kodlaks body on fire, and that's it. Nothing. There was something said about the underforge, but the quest marker did not point there. It still says Attend Kodlak's funeral.Now every time I go to Whiterun, the Skyforge has all the people there (the Jarl and steward, some villagers, and the companions) but they all just stand there. Vilkas, Farkas and Aela are all there. But the person not there is Eourland Grey-mane. I know he is needed, because you must give him the fragments of Wuurstal.I have done more quests after this bug, even built a house by Lakeview. But every time I go to Whiterun the people just stand there, the pyre burning and nothing happens. I have gone to the stables and entered by foot. I have uninstalled the game and run it from disc. I have waited till evening and morning. I have slept. Waited there. Gone about my business. Even went back to the witches coven and the Silver Hand places. I just killed one lonely Silver Hand guy outside the fort, but nothing changed when I got to Whiterun.Please has anybody solved this glitch for Xbox360? I want this mission done, so I can talk to those just standing there and continue the game, because I read that the Jarl is needed in order to progress the main quest-line
What's supposed to happen in the \"Something for the Neighbors\" quest? I had a quest from Liam called \"Something for the Neighbors\" and the only objective was to advance Jaal's Friend or Foe mission. But when I did (by handling things on Eos), Liam's mission went straight into the Completed folder.Did I miss something? Is there a different progression through the game (an earlier set of Jaal's Friend or Foe objectives, maybe?) that produces an actual quest or at least a cutscene out of this, or is this it?
How much storage does Nier take on ps3? So I'm thinking about buying Nier for my ps3. How much storage does it take up?
Can you easily find friends' ghosts? I don't currently have Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, only the Wii U version. I'm trying to assess whether the deluxe version has some functionality I've been really wanting.On the Wii U, my friends and I would all run time trials on the same machine, under different profiles. However accessing each other's ghosts was very problematic. We'd all friend/follow each other, change our private/public settings, post to miiverse and wait, ext, ext and it just wouldn't work consistently.We tried everything, but in the end we only had access to a fraction of each other's ghosts, sporadically. This was a very simple task on the Wii, you could just access all the local ghosts.Is sharing local ghosts something that can be done more easily on the switch, or is it using the same system as the Wii U?<br><br><br><br><br>Bonus question: when downloading \"Online Ghosts\do you have different options besides the top 10 of all time and a few other people within milliseconds of you?Update: I've purchased the game and my experience is in an answer below.
Overwatch competitive points reward at season (4) end As you probably already know, you get competitive points after winning or tying a match. When you get 3k of those CP you can buy a golden weapon.When a competitive season ends, you get a reward based on your rank. The thing that I want to know is, possibly with a link to an official thread, if this reward is based on the season high or the current rank that you end with.Example: I'm a master right now (between 3500 and 4000) and if I end like so I should get 2k CP. If I drop under 3500 and go back to diamond (since from master and above you can actually derank) will I still get 2k or 1.2k CP?
Where should I look for the Necronomicon? In \"The Curious Expedition\finding the Necronomicon on Normal or higher difficulty will unlock H.P. Lovecraft as a playable character. In one of my first games on Easy difficulty, I found it, but I can't remember what type of location it was at (tomb, shrine, cave, etc.)Is there a specific type of location that I look for the Necronomicon in, or is there just a low-percentage chance to find it? 
Can I make myself have original thoughts? There are a few trophies/achievements such as \"Thinker\" and \"The Big Thinker,\" which seem to be awarded for thinking a certain number of your own thoughts.I've noticed very rarely that I have thoughts appear underneath me that are a jumbled mess of other things' thoughts that I've seen or heard up to that point, but these are few and far between and show up without any sort of pattern. Is there anything I can do to make myself have my own thoughts more regularly, or do I just think things completely randomly?
How can I get more shields? In Pure and Classic mode, you get shields at the end of each level. I believe that you always get 2, but I could be wrong.Is there any other way to get shields, like during a level?
Where are all the underground bunkers? In Player Unknown battlegrounds there's a massive underground bunker in F4 filled with high grade loot. I know from a game where I joined a random squad that there are more underground bunkers as we ran across a small one as we were traversing the map. I have not been able to find the smaller bunker again; how many underground bunkers are there and where are they located? 
Where can I find a Leaf Stone? I've been playing through Pokemon Crystal on my phone, and it's time for me to face the Elite Four. My team is alright at this point, but I've been stepping on egg-shells for a while now; I've got an Exeggcute. Sadly, this little collection of fragile eggs needs a Leaf Stone to become a BBP (Big Beautiful Pineapple...), but I can't seem to find one that is available BEFORE the Elite Four.Where can I find a Leaf Stone before fighting the Elite Four?
How can I obtain the lawrence of arabia smle? I have seen various scouts use this rifle, but it doesn't show up in my loadout screen. How can it be unlocked?
How do I beat Bane, the final boss? When I reached Bane, I did all the sidequests, reached level 50, had decent equipment, had two conquered towns, all allies and a decent mount......and I failed miserably 3 times trying to kill him.So, logically, in order to prevent Bane from conquering the world and crushing it under heel of tyranny, I trained my Griffon mount to level 32+ (and later raised it to 41), conquered the whole world and crushed it under heel of my tyranny by skipping all tedious unnecessary random encouters and collecting monthly tribute.I did the last part for 5 hours. I trained my Morale from less than 10 to 48, equipped the most game-breaking gear I could find, conceived the most game-breaking strategy I could think of.I have cheesed the hell out of the game, optimised everything I could think of, grinded it in a way shouldn't be possible started Bane fight and......lost yet again 3 times in a row.Bane doesn't have any weakpoints, and no strategy that could work earlier in the game works with him:you can't rush him, because he has the most HP in the game,you can't ignore skulls to build up mana reserve, because he hits like a truck from the get-go so you have to deny all skulls matches,you can't beat him down with spell wombo-combo, because he has 16% of every colour resistance and that keeps raising further during the fight,you can't ignore spells and wear him down with just skulls matches, because you deal at most ~10 damage from skulls and he can randomly heal that every turn and also heals from Morale buffs,he can rearrange the board and buff himself as a free action for no cost at all - so strategy of starving him of mana don't work either,since he has all his skills buffed into the stratosphere, he gets A LOT of extra moves.He's just a big brick wall of pain.How do I beat him? Is it actually possible or did just everyone singing praises about Puzzle Quest abandon the game before finishing it?
Lava hound attack strategy for farming resources During the Lava Hound event, Hounds are 1/10th of their usual price. I'm drawing a blank on attack strategies for looting (farming) using Hounds. I've tried 3 or 4 Hounds and the rest Balloons. If the defending CC has troops that shoot (which they often do since everyone knows about the event), the Hounds and Balloons are toast. I'm trying to add Wizards and Hogs (to draw out troops) to my army composition, but at this point it doesn't seem like I'm going to use the sale. Any suggestions? Is there a resource where I can find attack strategies for the current troop on sale? I find having these events make the game a lot more fun, but using some troops is trickier than using others.
Is there an optimal time to promote from the villager class? In most Fire Emblem games, there's an \"optimal\" time to promote - that is, you hit level 20 with the base class, and then you promote the unit so that it keeps 20 levels worth of stat growth. Does stat growth work the same way in Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia? (and is the villager --> main class process a \"promotion\"?) Can I try to max out the villager class, and then promote the unit so that they have the max stat growth? Or do their stats reset when they choose a main class? 
Can I do anything useful with these tracking bracelets? So far in the game, I've found four tracking bracelets, belonging to:Alex YuSylvain BellamyDanielle ShoKirk RemmerThey don't get automatically tossed in the recycler like other junk items, but they also aren't orange like quest items. I haven't found any use for them. Can anything be done with them?
Other computers can't connect to my server I've Just created a minecraft 1.11.2 server(the official download from minecraft.net), and set it up. I can join it from my computer using localhost. However, no other computers can connect to it(they get the message:\"can't connect to server\". I can't connect to it using the ip either. I am running OX Yosemite and have no firewall on. Also, I've made sure to whitelist the other computer(which is not on the same LAN network). Does anyone know how to fix this? 
What's the point of doing (ETS/ATS) World of Trucks External Contracts? ets2 and ats have these world of trucks (wot) external contracts that become available when you connect your game to the wot system.what is the point of these external contracts?
How long does it take for steam to reject a gift automatically if the receiver don't confirm receipt? If I gift a game to my friend, but he does not click confirm, then how long before it will be rejected automatically by the system? It's near the summer sale now. If my friend gifts me a game, and I do not confirm receipt, but instead wait for the summer sale to see if the price will be lower. Assuming the price is lower, I would ideally reject the gift, have my friend get the refund, and then have them buy the game for me at the lower price. Also, could we be banned for this type of behaviour?
How are you meant to kill the first shielded unit? I've gotten to I think the third overall battle (excepting a dungeon), and I plowed through 8 of the enemies who stood no real challenge, and now am getting bodied by the singular remaining unit to takes maybe 1 damage per attack and can kill any of my units after only two rounds of battle.How am I supposed to get past this?
Does increasing aptitude per level make a difference? Is there any difference if I max out the equipment aptitude by stage (starting from demon, to demon lord, to overlord, to super overlord) compared to maxing out said equipment aptitude if I started at a higher level (e.g. started at super overlord)?
Queen bee glitch So, I was digging underground when my screen said, \"The queen bee has awoken!\"I was away from my house, so I teleported back using a magic mirror. Soon the boss music started at my house, And I ran away. (My house is not at an jungle.) But she followed me! I died on purpose to get her to despawn, but she was still there! What Do I do?
How much damage do you take when failing a hack? While playing as 9S, you have the option to hack and enemy as an attack. If you succeed in the hack, you will do damage or kill the enemies. However if you fail the hack, you take damage. Is the damage you take always the same or is it dependent on several factors?
Can the enemy destroy their own distress beacon in a downed UFO mission? Playing a downed UFO mission (surprisingly I've only gotten one and I'm basically at the end of the game) and I was rushing to get to the distress beacon with four turns left - we're right outside the UFO doors and I end my turn, then Bradford comes on next turn saying \"looks like the beacon was destroyed\" etc. but we haven't even gotten IN the UFO yet?So I'm guessing a pod or something destroyed it, but I've never seen that happen before - I noticed that a Chryssalid popped up on the enemy turn and disappeared, is it possible they burrowed INTO the UFO and destroyed the beacon? I honestly can't figure out what just happened (though I'm not complaining)
Which Windows Apps are required to run Windows Games (XBox crossplay) Setting up my PC I used Powershell to permanently delete all the unnecessary bloat from my PC, and this included apps such as:XboxAppXboxGameOverlay XboxIdentityProviderXboxSpeechToTextOverlayI Am wondering if anyone knows which of these I need to reinstall from an ISO to enable sufficient functionality for Crossplay with a friend (XB user)? No rush, I just want to get myself sorted out for when State of Decay 2 hits.Bonus question: Is it absolutely necessary to be signed into a Microsoft account (rather than a basic user account) to make app purchases from the Windows Store, and further to enjoy XBLA?
Clip through blocks for a brief moment in Minecraft? In spectator mode, a person is able to fly and clip through blocks, but is also invisible.Is it possible to put a person in spectator mode temporarily? That is, is there a command/effect that a person in, say, adventure mode can use to switch to spectator mode for x ticks/seconds, then switch back to adventure mode?
'Zone Battle' mode is unclear One of the event types in the Wipeout HD / Wipeout Fury mode is Zone Battle.  The instructions are complicated and it's not really clear what's going on in-game; I seem to do either really well or come dead last.What's the goal of Zone Battle, what do these boosts, shields, and barrier mechanics do, and what's a general strategy to win?
How to prevent CP 3000+ pokemons from losing motivation unreasonably quickly? It seems like Pokemon above CP 3000 lose motivation much more quickly than pokemon below CP 3000. Is there any way to prevent this?As of now, most my defenders will just decay of their own very quickly, even when not attacked, and this is super frustrating.Is this difference in rate of motivation decay a bug? Or is it documented somewhere with descriptions of how to mitigate it?
Share games between PSN users It's been a while since I've bought games from the PSN store. In a lot of games' descriptions, I've seen a section that says \"2-n Network players\where n is some larger number.Does this indicate that I am able to share my games with friends?If yes, does this mean that my friends can play the entire game? By that I mean, would he/she be able to play the story mode of the game? Could they even play the game online in online rooms?Or is this just indicating that I can play together with friends?
Do windows have a downside? Windows are supposed to make the staff happier. Placing them does not cost anything. Is there any reason not to fill the entire walls of every room with them?
Do jump stunts benefit you? In Mario Kart 8 (I'm playing Deluxe on the Switch but I guess it's the same either way), when you go over a jump, you can also press the jump button, and if you time it right, you get a speed boost.You can also push the left stick in a direction at the same time to make the jump more stunty: your character might stand up in the seat, or roll.Is this change when you use the stick purely to animation, or does it have any effect on the gameplay (such as increasing the amount of boost)? If it has an effect, does it make a difference which direction you push, and if so, what's the best way to do it?
How to play custom NSMB levels on Wii? I have been messing around with my ancient Wii and found online that I can create and play custom levels. I have created a level with Reggie! and named it 01-01.arc.That's great, but how in the world am I supposed to access it on my Wii? I have installed Homebrew and all that and the Riivolution app correctly (I know this because I am able to play Newer Super Mario Bros. Wii) but I have not found anywhere ANYWHERE how to actually play the levels I create. The videos I watch literally skip from saving the level in Reggie! to the gameplay on the Wii. Please help!
Why do I keep getting free GTA V money from Rockstar? Is it safe to use? Every time I play GTA V on my Xbox One, Rockstar gives me $500,000. I don't play too often, and I only play about once every two weeks. This kept happening and I ended up getting a total of $4 million. I did not take advantage of this because I thought that was cheating. Anyways, I recently got onto GTA V Online and Rockstar messaged me saying not to cheat or hack and if I do, my account will get banned. I have had this account for about a year and a half now and I don't know what to do.
Does your hat change your hitbox? In rocket league, there are a ton of Hats (not as much as TF2, but I digress)Does these hats change the hitbox of the car? Like if I have a big sombrero on, could the ball react differently when hit with the roof of the car that if I have the police light, or no hat at all?EDIT: I don't know if I am unclear with what I'm asking, but it feels so. Anybody get what I'm asking?
Maximum damage for Varus 's Q arrow I have a question on Varus champion on his Q ability.At max arrow range after we hit Q the first time, we have 2-3 seconds more to wait for the spell to go off.My question is during that wait for the second Q hit, does the arrow damage increase i.e. the later we hit Q the more damage it is?
Where is the Kraken? I've heard talk that there's a giant sea monster hidden as an Easter egg in SimplePlanes.  Most people call it The Kraken although apparently it's referred to in the game files as Cthulhu.Where is this beast?
Can Excalibur II be acquired on the Android version of FFIX? So you can get a perfect game with Excalibur II in FFIX on most platforms (PS1, PS2). Is this still the case for the Android version? The controls seem to be somewhat different. Would a controller help?
my PC controller is not working only for 1 game I have been playing hitman absolution for a while with my controller and now the controller is not working for this game(only the home button is working) but the controller is working normally with other games.Can someone help me ASAP.   
What negative effects can Esuna cure? Final Fantasy 12 contains a lovely spell called Esuna(ga), which clears negative status effects from a character in your party. Memory serving, the original game's Esuna cleared almost everything; Blind, Poison, Sap, Doom, Oil, etc.This does not appear to be the case with The Zodiac Age. When going through the Stillshrine of Miriam, my entire party became afflicted with Oil, but Esuna would not clear it.Is Esuna tied to the licenses of \"Remedies remove more negative effects\or has its effectiveness been changed for TZA?
What are the exact percentages for likelihood of getting 3 diamonds from a diamond ore with Fortune 3? I have a modification that adds a furnace that doubles the amount of ingots produced from an ore when smelted. I want to know if using this furnace to smelt diamond ore would be better than using a fortune 3 diamond pickaxe. So what is the likelihood of getting three (or more maybe) diamonds from an ore with a fortune 3 pickaxe so I can determine if the furnace is better to use because it gives a guaranteed two diamonds. Thanks!
How much damage do I have to inflict onto an enemy to still get XP even if a companion/someone other than me finishes them off? Sometimes I put quite a few bullets into an enemy, someone/something else kills them, and I still get XP for it. Other times I put quite a few bullets into an enemy, someone/something else kills them, and I'm not rewarded any XP. So how much damage do I have to inflict onto an enemy to ensure I'm rewarded XP upon their death? 
Gold amount in minute 10 in league of legends I was wondering how much gold would Zed get if he farms every minion in mid-lane for 10 minutes and without dying or killing any champion? (Includes the free gold income)I would just like to know the approximate gold count.
Connect to a private Minecraft server I am trying to connect to a private Minecraft server of a friend of mine. I use the Windows 10 app to play and he is playing on a Mac. He can connect to the Minecraft server hosted on a cloud machine, but I can't connect to this server.What could be the problem? Is it not possible to connect from different operating systems?
vertibird signals with all three factions I've sided with the Minutemen for the end game and have managed to remain at peace with the Railroad and the BoS, but by doing so I've somehow failed the \"Show No Mercy\" quest which allows the vertibird signal grenades as a reward.Is there a way to get vertibird signal grenades with the game in this state??
Is there any use for collecting extra BluGlo during a mission? While some quests (Ride the Lightning, Defend the Atlas, etc) require BluGlo to complete, others don't require any at all. Also, random objects on the map sometimes require BluGlo, like team buffs and radio towers. However, in one game, after encountering multiple trolls, I ended up with well over 20 BluGlo, which begged the question: is there any purpose for collecting this much BluGlo? There weren't enough team buffs or radio towers to use up all this BluGlo, but I'd certainly hate to collect all this BluGlo every mission for no reason.Is there any benefit to stocking up BluGlo during a mission?
How to create a door which opens automatically for players but not for mobs? I would like to make a door that is easy to open by players, but  not mobs.Tried using a button to power the door but clicks are inaccurate while playing on laptop, rendering the door an obstacle, and also jump to activate a tripwire to power the door, but it just closes too quickly, rendering the door an obstacle again.An extra point is that no wooden doors as I am playing on hard difficulty and I am playing on survival so no commands, just redstone.So how can I solve this problem?
What achievements changed with the release of 3.0? The release of the 3.0 Fall of Oriath expansion removed difficulty levels and achievements previously related to beating the game in higher difficulties got changed into different achievements.Which achievements turned into which new achievements?I know I now have Deicide (kill a god and obtain their power), and apparently achieved it in december 2016, but I most certainly did not do that yet, and most certainly not back in December, half a year before the expansion was even released... Other achievements that I got that were most certainly changed: Deadly SinsOmnipotentLoyal to the EndThere might be others I have, but it's been a long time so I don't remember exactly what happened where in the story.
How to unlock slime science gadgets I would like to know how can I unlock the Slime Science gadgets.Anybody has a clue?Thanks!
Path of exile - party tanker build Due to my group having too many aggressive builds, I thought it might help if I instead use a more tanky build that can withstand damage and draw the enemies to me and let them focus on dealing damage. But I am facing a few problems:Bosses seems to be immune to taunting, in fact they seemed to attack those that deals more damage resulting in my character being mostly ignored by bosses.Potion recharge by killing, my character lacks damage and therefore unable to charge back potions needed.Evasion tanking is not reliable at all, regardless which base character I attempt it ends up focusing on armour/energy shield instead.I have searched around for suggested Tank builds but those builds focus on being able to survive while hitting the boss and not what I have in mind.Is there any way to build a tanker that can effectively draw attacks(especially from bosses) to let the damage dealers of the party focus more on doing damage?
Is there a way to test for what sounds are playing to a player? I want to make an ambient music that plays when hostile mobs are nearby. I already have the appropriate sound event ready in the custom sounds.json of the resourcepack I'm using and now want to repeatedly play it to all players within a 10-block radius of every creeper, skeleton, zombie etc. (using /execute), but only if neither an enemy ambient nor a boss music is playing to that player. While for the boss music I could repeatedly stop the ambient sound event for everyone in the boss area, the ambient sound itself is more of an issue, because I'm pretty sure it would overlap, and if I stopped it every time I relaunch it the music would loop quite oddly. I also want the music to start playing as immediately as possible when a player gets within the radius, and not only at the beginning of the next loop. So is there a way to achieve what I need, and if yes, how does it work?Oh, almost forgot to mention, I'm still using 1.8 because that's my Forge version, so please take this into account. (No, that doesn't mean I'd be OK with using mods. I have Forge in primarily because of WorldEdit, and want the map to be playable in Vanilla.)
I keep getting Zombie Villagers at night - Minecraft PC 1.12.1 So while I am working at night around my house I keep getting like one or two Zombie Villages around. Does that mean I have another village close by? I have searched thoroughly the immediate area around my spawn so I'm pretty sure there isn't a village close by. The closest village is more than 50 chunks away, and the next one is 60+ away.So what gives? Is it normal for Zombie Villagers to just spawn out of nowhere EVERY NIGHT ? I know there is a slight chance for a zombie to spawn, but every night seems a bit odd.So why am I getting zombies in my own house :D ?
Wonder Boy: The Dragon's Trap PS4 Hard Mode Trophy? What is actually required to clear Hard Mode for the trophy? I have beaten all the bosses including the final one.I didn't get the stones so is that required? I already did a playthrough on normal and got all the stones there and bought all the weapons. I don't feel like doing that again for Hard but no matter how many times I beat the final boss and watch the credits the trophy just doesn't pop.
Lost command block! I was tinkering with a new command configuration, and I placed a repeating command block underground that gives me superspeed.  I forgot to take it's coordinates, and I left. I was testing range, and I found it NEVER. WEARS. OFF. I can't find it anymore, and I can't turn it off!! I'm in a superflat world, so I can't really remember the place from surroundings. And now I'm stuck with level 15 speed effect.Is there a /testforblock command that will look in a large radius, not just one block?
How to make end portal Minecraft Pocket Edition v0.16.2 I can't seem to make an end portal in Minecraft Pocket Edition v0.16.2. Could someone help me? I have the end portal frame but I can't get the Eye of Ender.    
How do I equip more moves? Currently, I can only equip two moves for the up/right and up/left stances, and one move each for the down/right and down/left stances, plus one extra move per stance on the other button.I've seen people with decks that have three moves per stance, though. How do I unlock bigger decks so that I can actually start customizing things?
Card found in arena showing not found I unlocked a few legendary cards, then I played a game or two with the cards I had just unlocked in arenas 6, 7, and 8. After a while, I noticed my cards were gone and there were no legendary cards available.Why did this happen? 
Is it possible to recruit more templar/skimishers/reapers? I've been playing for a few hours, and I've only gotten one of each.  Is it possible to get more?
Will the Samsung Galaxy Nexus run Pok\u00e9mon Go? Is it possible to play Pok\u00e9mon Go on an old phone like this?What about if I install Lineage OS to play with Pok\u00e9mon go?
Is Soul Calibur V available on PS4? Is there any way of getting Soul Calibur V on PS4? Or do I have to buy the PS3 game and then pay to convert it (how would that work)? 
Does posting a review on Steam give me better recommendations? I know that Steam harvests all kinds of interesting data points to determine what games to recommend; for example, it recommended a 2D shooter roguelike to me \"because you spent 0.1 hours playing Enter the Gungeon.\"If I leave recommendations (good or bad) for games I own, does that give Steam more data and result in better recommendations?
How can I identify a raid boss Pok\u00e9mon from a regular one in my Pok\u00e9mon bag? Let's say I have a Magikarp in my Pok\u00e9mon bag and go to a raid where the raid boss is Magikarp. I then defeat the raid boss and capture it.How do I identify which Magikarp in my Pok\u00e9mon bag is the Pok\u00e9mon from the raid battle?
Keeping chunks loaded in minecraft I have built an iron farm somewhere far away from my actual spawn chunks in my single player world. In hindsight, this was a dumb idea, but I can't exactly change it anymore. I'd like to keep the thing running all the time, so I'm looking for a way to keep the chunks loaded.I'm running minecraft 1.12.1, is it possible at the moment? I have looked at some chunk loader mods, but chicken chunk loader hasn't been updated yet, and the others simply didn't work.I have tried moving the spawn chunks, but that hasn't done anything either.Edit: I have worked this out with IronAnvil, and it ended up being a render setting in optifine which didn't load them correctly somehow. It has been working fine after I reset my optifine settings to default.
How do PSN accounts and primary console work? I just ordered a PS4 Slim and was wondering how PSN and primary console accounts work. I'm a PC gamer and I've never really touched a console, I mainly bought this PS4 for my SO since she can sometimes get bored during the (rare) longer sessions I spend in front of the PC. She enjoys \"casual\" games and said she prefers the PS4 controllers over the Xbox controllers. So here I am.We have thought about what happens with the PS4 if we split up, obviously she gets it since I probably wont have much use for it but what happens to the games we buy? I basically only want Horizon Zero Dawn and I'll be dammed if she gets it if we split up for some reason. So how to the PSN accounts and games work?I assume you need a PSN account to even use the console? So let's say she creates PSN account A and buys game A1 with her account. I then create PSN account B and purchase Horizon Zero Dawn. If I understand this correctly, I cannot play game A1 with my account (B) unless she sets our PS4 as her primary console on her account (A), is this right? The same goes for my account and Horizon Zero Dawn? If I set my account (B) to have our PS4 as its primary console then she can also play HZD or whatever game I purchase with my PSN account? And I know you can only have one primary console on your account but can a console be the primary console of multiple accounts?Also, if I buy a game with my account (B) but don't download it then she can't download it with her account (A)? Even if the console is my primary console, only my account (B) can actually download the game? And do accounts have users or are you just logged in to your account? Say I log in with my PSN account, do I only have one user which is my actual PSN account or do I log in with my PSN account and then create a separate user for my account?I hope I didn't lose you in the text but if I did, here is a TL;DR of my questions.A console can be the primary console of multiple PSN accounts?We can share games if we both set our console as primary on our PSN accounts?Do PSN accounts also have users or are you just logged in as your PSN account?If you have users under the same PSN account, I could just create a user under her PSN account instead of logging into my own PSN account if I wanna play a game she has? How do save files work in this scenario?Is it a hassle to switch between PSN accounts?
Which Hector will be most effective with a Distant Counter/Vantage build? I have two Hectors, one will be inherited by someone else so they can get his Distant Counter skill. Hector #1: -Atk, +Spd: I've had this Hector for a while, so he's got all the inherited skills, etc, no need for me to farm SP. My thinking is that this Speed boon will prevent Hector from being doubled as often or even occasionally get a double in, which would increase his survivability.Hector #2: +Def, -Res: While this Hector doesn't suffer an Attack bane, I fear that the Resistance bane might put this Hector in a situation where he's not as tanky as my current one, due to his already-low Resistance being even further decreased.As an aside, my current Hector is running Distant Counter + Vantage.My current one already does pretty well at killing things, so I feel like I should keep him as is, and use #2 for inheriting, but I'm curious whether the effort required to bring Hector #2 up to speed will be worth it. Does the second Hector utilize my build effectively enough to warrant farming all the SP required to recreate this build or is the difference between these two negligible?
Why did I become a vampire after I rejected the 'offer'? I recently started the dawnguard quests and after completing the first quest, we get to choose sides. Be or not to be a vampire, right? I gladly rejected the 'offer' and continued to ply quests for dawnguard. The second quest for them was to recruit 2 of their old pals. Before stating the mission I went to riften for selling stuffs and train but all of a sudden I m a vampire. Message popped up saying that my vampire blood boils in sun. Here's what I did exactly. I went to riften and since I had fast travelled it was nighttime so I used the wait feature for 10 hrs. Then this all happened.I even loaded the last save and did all over again but even then the message saying 'Your Vampire blood awakens'. Is this a bug or is it because I was harmed by vampires during battle?? 
Test for a specific item with a coloured name in a chest I have a problem to detect an item with coloured name in a chest. I've made an item thru essentials plugin:/i 352:1 1 name:&amp;f123So, that name with white colour. But the NBT tag of the name is \u00a7f and i can't put this symbol into my command block. How can i detect it? Please, don't advise don't use coloured names.
Which units are most effective at destroying buildings? In Halo Wars (1) I use to enjoy a good hit&amp;run tactic on an enemy base early in the game to destroy their generator(s) with cyclops's.In Halo Wars 2, cyclops's are more anti-tank units then building destroyers.Which units are the best to take down buildings for both UNSC and Banished?
Minecraft Better Together Update | Can't connect to friend's world I recently updated to The Better Together Update on my Kindle Fire. My friend has Minecraft For Xbox One, but we cannot connect to each other's worlds. I have no idea what is wrong. Any Ideas?
Minecraft will not work after Windows 10 installation. Launcher claims game crashed Ever since my grandma installed Windows 10 on her computer (the one I want to fix Minecraft on), Minecraft won't go past the launcher screen. I have tried many things such as: Uninstalling and Re-installingDeleting the contents of my .minecraft folderMany other things. It has been going on ever since about 1.10, and my grandmas computer expert claims that Minecraft isn't compatible with Windows 10 (Which I know is an absolute lie, because with every other computer my dad has installed Windows 10 and Minecraft on they both are perfectly fine together). I have a hard time believing it's the computer itself, because that seems ridiculous. I'm curious as to whether anyone knows: A solution to this, things that might have been installed with it that are not compatible with Minecraft, if something is wrong with my Minecraft, or simply if you just have any ideas that are completely obvious that I've not thought of in the past 2 years. If you need any more info on this, just tell me and I'll try to do my best to deliver that to you. 
Hammer Editor: Change NPC Health It seems like a very simple thing, but I just can't find the answer.In the Source Hammer Editor, how does one change the health of a NPC?I don't really think there is anything else I can add.
Minecraft Pocket Edition Commands [Private Teritory] [LAN] How To Private My Town To Make Blocks Unbreakable In My City From Other Players I Just Want to Protect Coty From Grief (its LAN server in MCPE) 
is it possible to trade in the digital version of Pokemon Gold? I've just bought and downloaded Pokemon Gold for my 3DS. Is it possible for me to trade pokemon with other players somehow? Say, if I wanted an Alakazam or something, which would require trading? 
What are the bonus for each defector mission? I played a heat signature a bit and liberated and completed the defector missions of 2 stations. Defector #001 and #002. The first one allowed me to buy sidewinders, and the #002 said something about money.What are the unlocks for each defector mission?
Close a game/app on Xbox One Is there a way of closing games/apps open on Xbox One?It seems every time after you press the Home button, go out navigate through Home/the main system, and then come back to the game, it is still open, which is good. However, it seems that it only closes and frees up memory only after you open another game/app.Does anyone have more information on this?
How do i gain access to the Auroran Mines? Can someone help me?I have tried everything and i can't find the Auroran Mines in Fable 3.  I've looked all over the internet but I'm not finding the answer.
Are Wizardry 8 spells from two party members cumulative? If I were to make a party with two bishops and both were to cast the same spell, would it be more effective than a single cast? E.g would two @ Magic Screen be better protection than just one?Do you have a reference for your answer?
How do you rob a black market in Dishonored 2 How do you get into a black market and what do I do once inside
My account reset? So first of all, I made my own steam account back in 2016 and I purchased a game called \"Arma 2\"...I had no trouble playing this game on my laptop that I made the account with and brought the games with also.But, unfortunately  I had broken that laptop as it fell on my wooden floor  by accident and I tried taking it to the shop they told me that they couldn't fix it, so I brought an mac computer and I tried logging back in and it went through the code process and email verification but when I logged in and checked my games it was empty...So I searched up the game I brought and I was hoping that I wouldn't have to buy it again but I clicked on the game and It said I have to buy it again??? I also brought an game on this mac that was not compatible with this computer so I have gotten it refunded, just wanted to know if that was the problem???Please help as I really don't want to purchase all the games again!
Do some Red Sphere, Blue Sphere stages have more blue spheres than required? IIRC, the Red Sphere, Blue Sphere stages in S3&amp;K all required you to collect every one of the blue spheres on the stage. But I could swear I've had a few instances in Sonic Mania where I've finished a stage with blue spheres left in front of me. Do some of the later stages have surplus blue spheres?
Does accuracy lower for higher level weapons? I came across a level 15 axe with really high damage (I am 12), and while in the first game, over-leveled weapons could not be equipped, in this one they can, granted you have the associated stat high enough (strength in this case).However, it seems that it's greatly reduced my ability to hit enemies, with the weapon itself and skills associated with it. There's no indicator on the weapon that this is the case, am I just unlucky or do over-leveled weapons actually lower your accuracy when using them.
Building circuits with BuildCraft I'm making a large logic circuit with ProjectRed, and there are a lot of parts of the circuit that are repeated in a line, so I'd like to \"copy and paste\" a block several times. To do this, I've built the block I want to copy and I'm using the architect table and builder from BuildCraft. I surround the block I want to copy with land marks, put the architect table next to them, and produce a blueprint. However, when I put the blueprint into a powered Builder, the Builder immediately removes the blueprint from the blueprint slot and puts it in the inventory. Is this an issue with BuildCraft and ProjectRed not working together? If so, is there another way to do this? I'm using the FTB Inventors pack.
Around what year did games go widescreen? I am building a WinXP box to play games I have trouble with on Win10, and I am thinking of placing a 4:3 screen on it, as I didn't think games really supported widescreen until probably well after WinXP was legacy...but I was wondering around what year would I start seeing some or most games going widescreen? Or in another way, when did widescreen monitors become common on new computers?I am not sure if a widescreen monitor would display the 4:3 output in a box (for games that did not scale or stretch to widescreen)...but I think that 4:3 games look much better when framed in a monitor of the same shape.
Mystery Skin vs Mystery Chest? I know that mystery chest will give a skin that is worth at least 975RP and above while mystery skin is only 520RP or above, but if I were to open many of them which one is more ideal? Also will I only be getting skins from champions I own or ANY champion in the game?
How do I unlock Gold Mario in Mario Kart 8 Deluxe I've read conflicting information so I'm looking for the truth on what is required to unlock Gold Mario in Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch. Most of what I read simply says you need to finish first in every race on 200cc. Does that mean complete each cup winning the gold? Or Do you have to win each cup with a gold and 3 stars (AKA a perfect 60 points). Also, do you also need to have the same completed for 50cc, 100cc, 150cc, and mirror modes?FYI here is a quick note on how to unlock the other gold items:  Gold Glider: Collect 5,000 coins in total. (See your stats screen for current total)  Gold Standard Kart:  Win every Cup with at least a single star on 50cc, 100cc, 150cc and Mirror Mode in Grand Prix.  Gold Tires:  Beat every Staff Ghost in Time Trial mode at 150cc. There's one for every track.
What is the purpose of Intelligence? I have 30 points in Intelligence, but I can't really see the purpose of it. Does it do anything or is it there just to waste skill points?
How do you put PC skins in CONSOLE edition without hacking or editing the game files? How do you put PC skins in Console Edition without hacking or editing the game files? I am asking because I want to use my Superchu skin on my PS4 and Xbox One. I want to do broadcasts with that skin.
What weapons are paintable with War Paint? For example, is the Classic paintable with the Jungle Inferno War Paints?If not, which other weapons are not paintable?
Skyrim SE modded save game sync I understand that saved games for Skyrim SE are synced to the Xbox cloud so that you can continue playing the game on another Xbox one. Does this still work if you install mods? If I install the same set of mods on a different Xbox one, will the saved games transfer? Are installed mods backed up to the cloud as well?
Where can I find information of previous Fallout games in Fallout New Vegas? While I was doing the quest \"G.I Blues\" I took the option of passing a test with the missionary guy, and he asked me for the first president of NCR, the original town where the NCR was founded and the flag of the NCR. The last question is pretty obvious cause that flag is everywhere, however the first questions aren't. I had no problem with this test cause I've played Fallout 1 and 2 and I know about the story and lore of the game. But if you have never played any of those games, not even Fallout 3, where can you find information in New Vegas about previous games? I'm asking this cause I have some friends who never played previous games before and they might not understand some things.Maybe I haven't payed enough attention to notes or books in game, but the closest clue I got was while playing the mission where you have to beat an officer form Caesar's legion and the NCR officer says something like \"We can't kill you due to former president Thandi's policies about war prisoners\" Now that was a good hint, but there must be more information elsewhere. Thanks in advance.
Can you disable the on-screen control guide? I\u2019ve been playing on the normal mode (not the assist mode) and I\u2019m getting a little sick of the controls being shown on screen so much.I thought it was just going to be for the first short world, but it\u2019s still around in the desert. I understand the helpfulness for when you\u2019re controlling a captured character, but I get them when I\u2019m just running around and it\u2019s telling me how to jump and do the basic throw.Is there a way to disable this \u201cfeature\u201d?
How to integrate a pre-FTL and a pre-sapient civilization in the same system into your Stellaris empire? I have a system within my borders that has both a pre-sapient civilization and a pre-FTL civilization. I'd like to integrate both of them into my empire. I know I can uplift the pre-FTL civ and then integrate them after a while, but I worry that if I uplift it, it will settle the pre-sapient life form's planet.Can I give them sapience and then advance one or the other without them fighting?
Weapon Damage By Rarity in Battle Royale There are rarity levels for the weapons in the game, I am wondering how much of a difference there is in damage between the rarity for each weapon? 
How can I get get a fellow federation member to convert their tributary into a member of our federation in Stellaris? I recently formed a federation with several other members in my corner of the galaxy. One of the members has a tributary who I have a very good relationship (>100) with (both with the tributary and the overlord).Unfortunately, I'm beginning to have border friction with the tributary and I'd like to remove it by making them a federation member. (As well as working towards a victory).I'm wondering if there is a way I can get the other federation member to either let the tribute join the federation as a full member or to convert them to something so they count as part of their empire.Does anyone have any advice about how I could make this happen? I'd like to convert them somewhat soon as well.
How to duplicate Cracked Red Eye Orbs? Before I dive into my issue, here's a disclaimer:I harshly condone all forms of hacking. I this question is strictly meant to improve my PVP experience and will not affect the combat situation in any way.Well, I do not like to seek refuge in hacking, but it has to be done. I own Dark Souls: Prepare to Die Edition, and I must say the PVP experience is great (apart from the backstab fishing). The only problem is that I do not have any Cracked Red Eye Orbs, and it's too late for me to join the Darkwraith Covenant (in this playthrough at least; already placed the Lordvessel...). So, you see, I have NO consistent methods of acquiring items that would allow me to invade (I do not intend on using Red Sign Soapstone).I am sure that the duplication of items via Cheat Engine is possible, but I have no idea how to do it. I'd be very thankful if someone would write me a comprehensive yet short tutorial (note that even if I wanted to cheat, a wonderful tool called PVP Watchdog would prevent me from connecting to other players if I had, say 99 Titanite Slabs). My two main questions are:How to duplicate Red Eye Orbs?How to force the game (via Cheat Engine) to make me a Darkwraith +1 AND transmute some item into a Red Eye Orb (which is permanent)?Even better, if anyone knows of a \"legal\" way to get the needed items, let me know (I should mention that I am on NG +4 right now, I've killed all bosses except The Four Kings and Gwyn). Thank you for your answer in advance!
What determines who is shown in the ending kill cam? In COD WWII, every game ending kill game seems to be random.  In previous COD titles, it was the last kill of the game.  Now, I can't tell what is used to determine who is shown in the ending kill cam.  The kill cam always displays \"Bronze Star Awarded for Heroic Service.\"What determines who is shown in the ending kill cam?  I know it's not whoever has the highest score and it's not always the last kill of the game.
Can I continue my save on a new switch with a new game copy So my dad has a switch which I managed to briefly use to play breath of the wild. However, recently he's decided to never let the switch out of sight so I'm thinking of saving up for my own console and copy of the game. The problem is that I want to continue with my progress that I made on his copy. Is there any way that I can get my save file onto a new switch with a new cartridge for the game?
Is there a way to add English subtitles for S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Call of Pripyat? I am Russian myself, and I have, obviously, played S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series in Russian language (the original one). However, I want to share this game with some of my friends who don't speak Russian at all, and I have found out that this game is awfully translated. It is dubbed in English, not subtitled. IMO, this English dub is of very bad quality, I like the original much more. At the same time, some lines are not dubbed (and hence not translated at all!), so an English-speaking player wouldn't understand what goes on.I did a quick Google search, it did not yield anything. I liked that Source games where you could easily turn subtitles on, reading stuff in any language you want, but listening to it as it was originally done.Any option to do the same with S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series, particularly \"Call of Pripyat\so I can reliably advise the game for my non-Russian friends? 
How does exotic weapon quest scaling work? So after doing the campaign, there are a number of quests that reward exotic weapons (MIDA Multi-Tool, Sturm, Rat King). I've noticed that these rewards scale to your power level to some extent after I got a 280 Sturm on one character and a 294 Sturm on another. Is there a hard and fast rule to see how powerful your quest reward is going to be or is it more RNG-based?
How do I make command blocks teleport players away from an area when they don't have a specific item? How do I make command blocks that teleports players away from an area, like 2 blocks or so, repeatedly, when they don't have a specific item? I'm trying to make an adventure map that would require certain items to proceed to the next portion of the map. I want the command blocks to search players inventory for a diamond. If they have a diamond nothing happens. If they do not have diamond it teleports the player backwards 2 blocks. The issue is the first block is a repeating block that searches the players inventory within 2 block range. The second block is a chain block for testforblock (repeating block) successcount:0.  Third block tp's ~ ~ ~2. I want the teleport to happen once unless the player reenters the radius. As it is, it teleports infinitely backwards and I have to disable command blocks to fix it. 
Steering deadzone I got a Logitech F310 controller from one of my friends recently. So I plugged it in and ran project cars. The main problem I noticed right off the bat was the steering deadzone despite having it turned to zero in the game. I downloaded the Logitech software and the deadzone was set to zero but it was still there in game. I've also tried this other software called x360 with an anti deadzone option but I don't have the slightest clue about how to make it work. Granted, the deadzone isn't very big and it's still drivable but fine adjustments are almost impossible to make.I've seen several posts complaining about the same problem here and there but they are all old and some people claim that Logitech has fixed it.Tldr;  Is it possible to completely eliminate steering deadzone on Logitech controllers?(if possible test project cars. F1 games are fine as well)If not, can any of you guys still manage to drive reasonably good without too much twitching?
What happened to Martin Septim after the Avatar of Akatosh became stone? (Spoilers) At the end of the main questline for Oblivion, Martin Septim <blockquote>  breaks the Amulet of the Kings to summon Akatosh, in which Akatosh put an end to the Crisis.</blockquote>However, Martin disappeared, and both the game itself and all sources I read through are vague on his fate. What happened to him? I figured he simply died, but I am unsure.
How can I check for lore and custom enchants on items currently being held by a player I'm making a map based on elytra PvP and I wanted unique enchants so that flying PvP would be more meaningful and exciting. I got stuck on how to do the enchants.So I know how you can put lore on items as a way of storing information and indicating enchants(CosmicPvP), but I'm not sure about how to detect them using commands. I really just need syntax I can figure the rest out when I get there. Do I have to check every lore combination?
Steam wants to redownload half-downloaded game I was downloading Rainbow Six Siege and I added the texture pack before it finished.I regretted it and unchecked the tick in the DLC tab, but now Steam is trying to re-download the whole game. I have about 30 GB of the game data in the downloads folder of Steam, but it won't recognize it.Is there anything I can do to fix this? I don't have unlimited net traffic.And i also don't have the .acf file in the downloads folder,it's been replaced, i only have the game files.
Best way to find all water in certain area in survival Minecraft What's the best way to find all (or most of) the water in an area in a Minecraft world (to be able to remove it)? Especially water in caves is a problem.
What is the maximum sprint speed? Mida multitool makes you sprint faster, minitool increases that factor too.Are there more weapons with this effect? Are they cumulative? What is the maximum sprint speed you can have?I know mobility is only for walking and jumping.
Can I play/practice Fortnite's Battle Royale locally? Is it possible to be play Battle Royale in some sort of local environment?I'm not too great at some aspects of the game and would like to practice in my own time and pace and not worry about a sniper bullet or the storm, similarly to how you can play CS:GO or Overwatch on any map, by yourself, with all sorts of various settings changed. Has anything like that been implemented (yet) ?I haven't bought Save the World, just the f2p game.
Can\u2019t become Thane of Falkreath So I was achievement hunting Skyrim, and I have to buy 3 plots of land for one of the achievements. Dawnstar, Morthal, and Falkreath. I have to help citizens of all 3 of these holds. One citizen, \u201cHert\u201d, is a citizen that works at Half Moon Mill. To help her, you must chop wood. However, for the Dawnguard quest line, I was required to kill her. I\u2019ve saved up a little over 100,000 Gold on my current save, I\u2019ve fully upgraded the Dawnstar home, and I\u2019m at level 62. I killed Hert around level 13. So I don\u2019t want to make another save just for 1 achievement. Is there anyway to become Thane of Falkreath if Hert is dead? 
Player's inventory look for item I am stuck looking for a way to test for an item in a player's inventory so far nothing has worked  any help would be nice
What is the max level in Alto\u2019s Adventure? What is the maximum possible level in Alto\u2019s Adventure?The character select screen indicates that the last character is unlocked at level 51, but can you keep leveling up beyond that?
Maximizing Runespan gains? There is quite some data around on what runes are best to siphon from what islands in the runespan for xp/hour depending on runecrafting level, but I am failing to find to find similar information for maximising runespan points - and I doubt it is the same!Reason is I want to move up the title track asap.
Where can I check spell hunger for my spells? Where, in game, can I check how much hunger each of my spells will cost me?I know I can check my morgue file by dumping with # but that's tedious.
Does the game auto-selects the tuning profile in NFSU2? In Need for Speed Underground 2, one can tune the car's characteristics. But upon entering the tuning screen, one needs to choose among several 'profiles', i.e., Circuit, Drag, Drift, StreetX, and URL.My question: Does the game auto-selects which profile to use when entering a race? Or must I first go to, say the garage, and manually choose the profile to use prior to finding &amp; entering a race?
How do you buy premium cylinders? I'm on the last chapter in the game, have maxxed my salvage rank and dev level for every city (except one). I can't seem to find a place to buy premium cylinders. I've heard that they can be bought before the last chapter and not at an A rank salvager too. It seems the common denominator is that you stop being able to buy them at some point, but I can't confirm that since I've never been able to.How do you buy premium cylinders?
Can I have a friend connect to my world without using Minecraft Realms? If I create a Minecraft world (not server) on my computer, will a friend that isn't where I am be able to play in that world? I am talking about Minecraft for PC. Note that I am only asking about a normal world, not a server. Also, this is without Minecraft realms.
Can I use seeds in Minecraft PE on my iPad to get my worlds from my iPad to my iPod? If I type the seed in on my iPod of my iPads world will I get the whole world?
Is there any way to see all elemental combos outside of combat? I really love Specials Combo system in Xenoblade Chronicles 2, with all this bindings and elemental orbs. But it is hard to pick proper Blades loadout outside of combat for most optimized combos and bindings, as I can't actually find any information about those. Basically, the only way I can see combos is when I've already used first special in combo, and possible combos are displayed on top right corner.So, is there actual way to see all combos, and their resulting bindings, in game? Or, at least, can I have link to some guide showing all possible combos?
How to save soldiers mind controlled by the warlock in Xcom 2 war of the chosen? So i'm doing a retaliation mission and my colonel reaper(elena dragunova) is mind controlled by the warlock. the problem is he is immune to flashbangs. Also waiting 4 turns for the mind control to be over is not an option since the dumb resistance  soldiers keep shooting her just like they would shoot a regular enemy. i alt-f4'd the game(ironman/legend) which i am not proud of. i do have the frost bomb but i don't think freezing the warlock or elena is going to help me. the worst thing is she is not going to bleed out since technically she is an enemy(i'm assuming this).How do i save my reaper? :(EDIT: I have no psi operatives, all remaining 5 soldiers have plasma,beam weapons and of rank major with bladestorm and untouchable abilities.No mind shields, no grenades.3 berserkers, 2 mutons,2 codexes,a chrysallid producing thing, a faceless, warlock with 50hp and 7 armor.On a More Important Note: The Objective here is to keep her from dying, everything(and i do mean everything) else is secondary.
Where are the Shards of Mehrune's Razor? I visited and cleared the Cracked Tusk Keep prior to getting the \"Pieces of the Past\" quest. Now that I've returned to the Cracked Tusk Vault to complete the quest, I cannot find the \"Shards of Mehrune's Razor\". They are not on the alter nor are they in my inventory? Where could they be?
Can I help Nat and Meghyn find hearty truffles? While traveling around Hyrule, I\u2019ve repeatedly run into two sisters Nat and Meghyn. After rescuing them from Bokoblins, they say that they\u2019re searching for hearty truffles.<blockquote>  Nat: Remember, Meghyn, nobody goes home until we find those hearty truffles!    Meghyn: *sigh* She\u2019s right. The sooner we find those truffles, the sooner this will all be over with.</blockquote>Their dialogue makes it seem like there should be some way to help them search, but I haven\u2019t been able to find any way to do this.Is there any way to help Nat and Meghyn find hearty truffles?
Is it possible to kill Iskatu in Adventure Mode? I did most of the hardcore achievements in Adventure Mode and never bothered with story. However, I cannot find Iskatu boss there. I've noticed that in Act III there is cursed chest which spawns Ghom. Is there some similar event to summon Iskatu? Is there any other way to fight him without doing story mode?
How to escape from the Stronghold of the Master Assassin? I am a Chaotic Rogue and made a successful attempt to reach the Stronghold of the Master Assassin in the quest. However, I got into the wrong part of that level and have no way to go back. I have:no polymorphic ring/wanda whistle and no other musical instrumentsno level teleport item (including cursed gain level)no ring of aggravate monsterDo I have to s and wait for a shrieker to aggravate the boss or starve to death?  How can I get back to the above level?
FFA: Does Zenyatta's Orb of Discord affect damage done by other enemies? So in free for all, it's everyone against everyone (duh). Since everyone is technically an enemy to each other, how does Zenyatta's Orb of Discord work? Does it only enhance the damage he himself does on his discord target or does it enhance the damage of all players on the discord target?
Why xbox one backwards compatibility downloads the game instead of copying disc data to HDD? Emulators like epsxe and pcsx2 use the original disc data. How come X1 can't do the same? Why does it need to download an \"emulator compatible version\"?
Is there an easy way to get ether crystals for Poppi? So I've just unlocked the last form for Poppi and while it should make Tora more useful again, to really power him up will require a load of ether crystals.Is playing Tiger! Tiger! the only way to get them?If so what is the best way to get them quickly?It seems that playing the first level repeatedly is the way to go as it's easier but I'm not sure if you get more crystals in the later levels or something...
Car run out of fuel Project Cars 2 I was playing Project CARS 2 and I ran out of fuel during private testing. All that happened was my car stopped working.Say if I were in an endurance race, such as the Le Mans 24hr, if this were to happen in real life, the car would be towed back to the garage and refueled.Is there anything I can do when I run out of fuel in endurance races apart from quitting or restarting the session?
Myth: Will low light reduce spawn rates? We should all be familiar with high enough light levels being used to completely prevent mobs from spawning in a location, but I am curious if it's a myth that there's any difference in the odds of mobs spawning when there's low enough light to allow spawns as opposed to no light whatsoever.Let's say, for example, you have a single room, completely closed off from the outside, suspended in an otherwise void world. The walls and ceiling of this room are made of solid stone, but the floor is made entirely of glowstone. A default skeleton spawner block is floating 12 blocks above the floor with its spawn area fully inside the room. You can imagine that since the light is so far down from the spawner that skeletons should still be able to spawn anywhere in the spawn area (since spawner block rules allow things to spawn in midair) but would the spawn rates be better if the floor did not emit light at all?I have researched this on the Minecraft wiki and found that there is only mention of what prevents the mob spawn, and nothing in the chain of conditions about reducing the mob spawn's odds of success when light exists in low levels. You can find all sorts of mob grinder build videos where the operators run on the assumption that the room ought to be pitch black for best spawn rates, claiming that you should allow no light from your collection room or your redstone wiring to filter into the spawning area. Could this assumption actually be just a myth we need to validate/bust?Please substantiate your response. Personal experience and hearsay are okay, but good sources/statistics earn best answer.
In the NES version of Tetris, how much faster is a soft drop? In terms of frames, how much faster is a soft drop in Tetris for the NES?Like, on level 0, the piece moves down one cell every 48 frames. When you soft drop the piece, is there a specific equation for how fast it falls?Like, if x = the normal frames between cell drop and y = the frames between each cell drop during a soft drop, is there an equation for y in terms of  x?
Pokemon 4th Gen: Is there a way to trade pokemon on emulator after GTS shutdown? I am playing Pokemon Diamond on Desmume and have a few Pokemon in my team that can only be evolved through trading. For the guides I found online that teach how to do trading using a emulator, all of them involves simulating a wifi connection and connect to GTS. However, GTS has been shutdown for generation IV already. So this method is no longer working.I heard that if I have 2 real NDS in a close range (e.g. in the same room), I can still trade Pokemon on generation IV by using friend code. Is this true? And how can I simulate that using emulator (not restricted to Desmume)?
Can I check my bonus XP without sleeping in an inn? Early in chapter 1 you learn that sleeping at an inn lets you use bonus XP earned from doing quests to level up.However, you can only use the bonus XP if you have enough to level up. I\u2019ve had times where I\u2019ve spent money to sleep in an Inn, only to realize I couldn\u2019t use any of my bonus XP.Is there a way to check how much bonus XP I have saved up before sleeping at an inn?
Skyrim NPC\u2019s are attacking me for no reason I need to go to Riverwood for a quest but every time I show up the NPC\u2019s start wildly attacking me (including ones with the little icon over them indicating they need to be interacted with). I don\u2019t know what to do. Please advise. I am on PS4 and not using mods, if that helps.
Is there any good way to make a completly automated watermelon/pumpkin farm in vanilla Minecraft without commands? I have been trying to create a completely automated watermelon/pumpkin farm, mainly with observer blocks. However all of my attempts so far have caused the harvesting to trigger an infinite redstone loop when the observer block detects the piston moving. Is there any good way to make an automated farm without commands that can infinitely harvest melons/pumpkins? (At least until storage runs out.)    
How to use /setblock to place a chain_command_block with arguments Normally, I just troubleshoot and look for solutions online, so I apologize if this has already been answered. However, I am getting confused on how to use the command /setblock to place a chain command block with the state of it being conditional, facing south, and with an argument. I tried this code:<blockquote>  /setblock x y z minecraft:chain_command_block conditional=true facing=south {Command:\"say south\"}</blockquote>The problem is that it doesn't face south, it faces north, as if it is ignoring the \"facing\" argument. I also tried:<blockquote>  /setblock x y z minecraft:chain_command_block facing=south conditional=true {Command:\"say south\"}</blockquote>This gives me an error, which I assume is because there is a specific order that I am violating. Am I doing this totally wrong? Could someone at least direct me to a response if it has already been given? I have searched and couldn't find anything.
How can I use both my controller's analog stick and D-pad in a SNES emulator? I was in the mood to play Chrono Trigger again and rather than put up with the disc loading times on my PS1 Final Fantasy Chronicles version, I figured I would just use an emulator.Naturally I would prefer to use a controller rather than keyboard/mouse, so I grabbed my trusty 360 controller. Here's where things get tricky: I would like to be able to use both the analog stick (which is ideal for running around) and the D-pad (which is perfect for navigating menus) on the controller.I tried SNES9x, and it doesn't appear to support mapping multiple buttons to the same input. I tried the latest version of bsnes/higan and it did support that feature, but my computer just isn't powerful enough to run the accuracy profile (the only profile available in current versions) without obnoxious audio problems. I tried the last version of bsnes/higan with the balanced/performance profiles (v0.98) and of course it doesn't support that feature.Is there a performant SNES emulator that has that feature? Alternately is there a free &amp; reliable utility that will help me achieve this functionality?
Portal 2 re-downloads deleted community maps When I try delete the files directly from the workshop folder on my computer, they are downloaded again when I start up Portal 2? How do I delete them permanently? They are taking up 5GB of space!
How/where is Minecraft lighting handled? How/where is lighting handled with a vanilla Minecraft server and client? My current understanding of lighting is that the server would store the block's light in the block data, then send this to the client for rendering. Is this correct? 
How do I check which cards I\u2019ve collected? There are 52 playing cards hidden as collectibles throughout The Sexy Brutale. (7 of hearts, king of diamonds, etc).While cards are initially identified by name when picked up, the progress menu only shows the total number of cards collected (50/52). This makes it seemingly impossible to tell which cards are missing.Is there a way to check which cards I\u2019ve collected so far?
Is there time-limit for Catholic Reformation? So, in my game now is Age of Absolutism. Protestant and Reform has yet to spawn since during the previous ages I have been then Catholic Defender of Faith and often the Curia Controller. The only other Catholic is Mongolia. Mongolia doesn't have Protestant appearing either.Now I have finally got rid of both Defender of Faith and Curia. However, even after 15-ish years the Protestant even has yet to show up. The reform desire is at >100.Do I need to wait for some more time? Or since it is already Age of Absolutism, is it already too late for Protestantism to show up?
Destiny 2 How to send friend invites using battletag on PC? Whenever searching for fireteam on bungie.net, they provide a battltag they want you to add. I tried searching on google, but there is no such tutorial. How to use it to send friend requests?
How to find Ultimecia Castle I was playing Final Fantasy VIII ages ago, and I had to stop for a while (technical difficulties, and real life preventing me taking the time to solve them). It's been several years at least, but I recently picked up my old save again. Unfortunately, I'm not sure how to progress. The save says I'm still on disc 3, but there's nothing left to do. I have Ragnarok, I have all GF's except Eden, I have everyone's best weapon, I've farmed four sets of all magic except Ultima (I was farming the Elnoyle in Esthar city when last I played), and most early locations don't have anything left. I've been back to Tear's Point, Trabia Garden, Fisherman's Horizon, Shimi Village, Lunatic Pandora Laboratory, Lunar Gate, and Esthar City, among others, and it seems like I've accomplished everything. I've also been back to the orphanage. I cannot get to the lighthouse. Cid and Edea are both there, and Edea admonishes me to be patient with Rinoa.I have read ahead some to try to figure this out on my own. It seems like maybe I should enter the obelisk floating above Tear's Point, but I can't see find how to do that, and it feels like I've played that sequence before.I also have vague memories of seeing and climbing the chains leading into the castle. I wonder that I have done that and then taken a portal out of the castle... but if so, how do I re-enter? And why does my save game say \"Disc 3\"?Any help appreciated.
Putting Money Onto Your Xbox One Question: How do I put specific funds on my xbox account without using a credit card?I own an Xbox One and right now I'm interested in buying a DLC, but problem is I lack the funds by about \u00a30.05. I know there is no gift card/redeemable code but if there is somesort of code I can use it would be most convenient.Is there anyway I can put exactly \u00a30.05 on my account without using my credit card? I've had previous issues with my credit card online and I don't want to risk it again, and PayPal wouldn't be good either. Thanks.
What does each Esper unlock on each board? In Final Fantasy XII Zodiac Age, each character can select 2 boards (or classes). Some of these classes have unique spells or nodes that can unlock based on which Espers are unlocked for that board. But only 1 Esper can be unlocked and then it is gone.I want to spread out my Esper unlocks and not dump them all onto 1 character, but I also want to unlock certain things to balance out my party. I just don't know what unlocks what.So my question is: What does each Esper unlock on each board? 
What is the criteria for feeding berries? I like feeding Pokemon with berries on gyms. However, it is not always allowed to feed them. I already know that you cant feed more than 10 in a certain period of time. I also know that you can't keep feeding the same Pokemon over and over again. what are the limits for feeding berries to Pokemon in gyms?
Do villagers lose food every time they enter breeding mode? Do they lose food every time they enter breeding mode? Or do they only lose food the first time they notice they are willing to breed (correct conditions but not in breeding mode yet)
What tick rate are the Fortnite servers using? I have been playing Fortnite quite a bit, and noticed there is sometimes lag between progress bar's finishing and actions completing (moving too soon and interrupting a potion, etc).I was curious as CSGO has the \"tick\" rate fairly public, but Fortnite only shows packet rate.What is the tick rate on the Fortnite servers?
Minecraft 1.10.2 command block crash I built a command block with some command and I can't play the world anymore. Everytime I try to start the world it crashes and turn off Minecraft. Is there some way how to remove that command block without starting the world?  
Armor/weapon bin slots Since I am planning on acquiring every weapon (maxed out variations, not the low level ones) as well as all the high rank armors, I was wondering if there is a cap on how many weapons/armors I can have. At the blacksmith, there are only like 4 pages shown. These 4 pages can pretty easily be filled, even more with new monster coming along. So my question is, is it possible to acquire every weapon/armor in the game and store them?
How to blow open secret hole in Brume Tower if I ran out of explosive carrying enemies? In Brume Tower, after the foyer bonfire, I was helping somebody as a phantom and I saw a hole in the wall after the first fume sorcerer that wasn't there in my world.My research seems to indicate that the only way to open this hole is by exploding a barrel-carrier near it.  But all my barrel-carriers are dead beyond their respawning limits.  Can anyone confirm if there is any/no other way to open this hole?   Am I wasting my time trying to get the big demon guy to break it open with his hammer?
Can't give unusual gem to appraiser Every time I try to bring an unusual gem to an appraiser they say \"Wanna talk? finish those jobs for Brynjolf first\" but I don't know what I have to do for Brynjolf cause I have so many quests to do. Anyone know what quest it is? Is there anything else I have to do to bring an unusual gem to an appraiser? I can't get rid of the unusual gem.
In Kingdom Hearts, what counts as \"Items Used\"? When I finish Kingdom Hearts (PS2 Greatest Hits release) on Expert mode, after the credits and epilogue cutscenes, there's a screen that shows various statistics, such as Heartless Defeated, number of times Sora took damage, etc.  One of these is \"Items Used\".But what exactly counts toward this \"Items Used\" statistic?  Does it include:Sora uses a consumable (Potion, Ether, up to Megalixir) from inventory, in or out of combat?An ally uses a consumable in combat?A consumable (which could be in inventory) is used directly from stock out of combat?The party uses a stock-only HP/MP restoration object (Tent, Cottage, etc.)?Sora uses a stat booster (Power Up, Defense Up, AP Up)?An ally uses a stat booster?Sora gives an item to a flower in Wonderland's forest?An item is consumed by the \"recipe\" or \"experiment\" in Deep Jungle's Camp area?Anything involving unique plot-related or puzzle-related items?
Can you use the /testfor command to test for a player who is not at some coordinates At the moment, I have been dedicating time into learning command blocks. I am stumped on something at the moment.I am trying to make it so when you shift on coal blocks in certain co-ordinates it'll take 3 seconds then set to air and give you the coal blocks. But, I am wanting it so there's a duration of cool-down between this.I am trying to testfor players outside of the area and give them a tag to remove them from this. So, I'd have people outside with the tag \"outside' while people in that areas tag gets removedThe main problem being, how do I test for players outside of said co-ordinates.Edit: I know there is an alternative way to do this, I just want to try something new.
Can anyone tell me where to find/dig in order to find: gold, diamond etc.. in Minecraft? I\u2019m asking this because, I want to know where to dig in order to find precious metals and stones.Q-1: Do they regenerate?Q-2: Where to look for precious materials? Because, I want to find cool, diamond, gold etc... and to know whether they regenerate or not so that I can be near to them. Because now, it\u2019s hard for me to find precious metals and diamond in Minecraft. I mean, when I find gold on a rock somewhere and by mistake I lost them, then I must find another place to look for it.
How to set maximum allowed ping in matchmaking? Another Valve game Counter-Strike: Global Offensive allows setting the highest allowed ping for connected servers in options, but I haven't found a corresponding option in the Team Fortress 2 settings or a console command for the game.I often queue for one map only and am frequently placed to an overseas server with close to 150 ping.
How do you cause stuns/knockdowns in Tales of Berseria? I'm trying to figure out how to do stuns and knockdowns for Eizen's more advanced arts, but I don't know how to consistently stun or knockdown.Any advice or mechanics that can help me with this?
What is the simplest way to change a Minecraft username for gameplay videos? I know how to make a video, that's not the question. The question is, how would I easiest make a series of videos where I watch player A from the perspective of player B, and player A has a different username in each video? I would prefer to do this with player A and B connecting over LAN and without buying lots of different accounts, but I suspect it may not be possible. Do I need a modded server or can it be done without one?EDIT: I have accepted an answer because it works to do exactly what I wanted, but frustratingly it also has a side-effect which means I can't use it - the visible skin of a player with a changed displayName reverts to default. I'd much appreciate a solution which lets me easily control both skin and display name easily, preferably under LAN connection.
Can a player be switched mid game in pro LoL game? Can a LoL player be switched with a sub mid game?I was watching a professional match and the game paused, because a player disconnected. Can someone log in using his credentials and continue playing the game legally? For example in online qualifications?
Stellaris Apocalypse cc problem I'm having problem using cc of research_all_technologies and research_technology or technologies can't remember. But when I use research_all_technologies only non repeatable researched but not repeatable ones and research_technology/technologies it says it needs augment something so I don't understand whats it saying.
Can I summon this mob? <blockquote>  /summon Slime ~0 ~0 ~0 {Invulnerable:0,Size:2,CustomName:Spikes,CustomNameVisible:0,Attributes:[{Name:generic.attackDamage,Base:30.0},],ActiveEffects:[{Ambient:1,Amplifier:1,Duration:999999999,Id:},],Riding:{id:Skeleton,Invulnerable:0,CustomName:Dinnerbone,CustomNameVisible:0,ActiveEffects:[{Ambient:1,Amplifier:128,Duration:999999999,Id:8}],Equipment:[{id:,Count:,Damage:},{id:,Count:,Damage:},{id:,Count:,Damage:},{id:,Count:,Damage:},{id:,Count:,Damage:}],}}</blockquote>I'm using 1.12.2.Can I summon this mob and if no how can I make it work?
How to make ruby stuff with no mods? How do you make Ruby stuff with no mods. I can only have red dyed leather armor. And you can't dye wooden swords. so how do i get ruby with out mods?
My Villagers won't breed My villager breeder won't work.I've made a villager breeder and I have about 8 villagers in it, I've fed the villagers with a few stacks of carrots, potatoes, beets and bread. The villagers are  displaying heart particles but don't produce baby villagers. I have one bucket of water on the ground below streaming the villagers into a trading station (obviously there are no villagers to stream) and I was wondering if this prevents the villagers to breed (like other mob spawns).
Can you take the shortcut on Koopa Troopa Beach without items? On Koopa Troopa Beach, there is a secret cave shortcut to skip half the course. Usually to take the shortcut, you need to jump off the ramp with a Mushroom or Star.Is it possible to take the shortcut on Koopa Troopa Beach without using items? If yes, can it be done outside of 150cc?
Just started farcry3 and can't find crafting option in menu I just started farcry3 and can't find crafting option in menu i just keep killing ppl and skinning animals and i cant craft stuff ..Do i need to do something to be able to craft?
Why isn't my Minecraft detect command working when executed by a command block? I now have this command:<blockquote>  /execute @a ~ ~ ~ detect ~ ~-1 ~ minecraft:sandstone 0 effect @a[c=1] minecraft:slowness 2 1</blockquote>When I run this from the chat it works fine, it gives me slowness when I stand on sandstone and no slowness when I don't. but when I run this from a command block, it says<blockquote>  Failed to execute 'detect' as [my name]</blockquote>Why is this? Why won't my command work when executed by a command block?
What is the fastest way to get stronger? I just started playing Monster Hunter World, and I was told it is very grind heavy, and I just want to ask in advance how to prevent most of the grinding and which way to take, what to avoid, how and where to skip unnecessary grinding etc. to become stronger fastest.
I need help with my mincraft commands So I'm making a minecraft map, and what I need help with is this: the player puts 4 nether stars in a chest. Then they get teleported to a new area. I need to have it set up so that they can't put any random items in the chest and teleport away, and I don't know what commands I need to use to have this happen. Basically, I need the chest to detect the nether stars when they are put in the chest teleport the player to a new location after the items are detected, and destroy the items once the player is teleported to the new area. Could someone please help me with all of the commands I will need to use if this is even possible?
Can you have a draw in Fortnite? I was looking at a few questions about PUBG on this site, and from questions I've seen, matches cannot end in a tie.Now I am wondering, is it the same for Fortnite? Can two people both get Victory Royales? Is it different for other modes? How about Final Fight?
Teleporting Different Players in Different Locations Say there are 6 players in a map, and you want to teleport all of them in 6 different locations. You cannot teleport them by name since there will be different players every time. What command do I use?
Minecraft Pushable Blocks I am making a legend of zelda minecraft custom map, and zelda games have pushable blocks, so I've been busting my head for a long time trying to figure this out, and I couldn\u2019t, so I turned to arqade for help. If you can help me that will be great.P.S.: I\u2019m in minecraft version 1.12.2
What if I let morkvarg go, will I encounter him again? So I am this quest and have killed Morkvarg, but it leaves me curious, what if I had just let him go.I tried looking around, but all I can find are people who just found him such a scumbag that after gathering the reward they backstabbed him to death.But now I'm curious, has anyone ever let him roam free? Does he have an effect on npc stories? Will he become a big looting pillaging presence in the game? or does he vanish into nothingness after the quest?So what happens to Morkvarg if you let him go into the world? Prefably answers from experience of letting Morkvarg roaming free, as the wiki's don't detail about what happens after the quest in the rare case you let him go.
Update existing Minecraft java world to 1.13: What to expect? I have an existing Minecraft world, on a shared server, that has been running for several years now. I'm looking for feedback from anyone who has updated an existing world to 1.13. (Finding this info is surprisingly difficult!) Specifically: What breaks? What doesn't? And how do ocean changes affect the world?The only info I can gather seems to suggest that highly customized commands may break (we don't have any, so should not be an issue), that many plugins will break (we aren't using any), and that areas that have been explored won't generate new structures such as wrecks. It's the last bit that I am trying to verify: No new structures, but will new aquatic plants spawn? I'm envisioning our world with empty, barren oceans until we travel huge distances from home (we've explored a very large area...)Asking with full understanding that 1.13 final is not yet released - looking for feedback from anyone who has used the prerelease versions on an existing map.
Jurassic World the Game age problem I got JWTG when I was 10 on my mother's phone, and a few years ago she gave me that phone so I still had JWTG. I'm over 13 now, is there a way I can change the age on my account so I can sign in to Facebook? Thanks in advance
GTA V - how long does a full set of supplies last? In GTA I have a cocaine lockup with no upgrades if I bought supplies and they were full how long would it take for the supplies to run out and need resupplying
How to install Steam games on external HDD without having to rerecognise files? I have a decently capable laptop which I upgraded to an SSD a while ago. Unfortunately, I didn't have the foresight to buy a 500GB 850 EVO and I now have a 250GB. I now want to install games to use on my laptop, and I know that I can do this with a Steam library on an external HDD.However, when I tried this, Steam would complain whenever I tried to unplug the HDD, forcing me to re-recognize the game files when I plugged the HDD back in. That takes a while, especially on a 5400rpm HDD over USB 3.Is there any way I can avoid having to re-recognize game files while still only having the external HDD plugged in whenever I want to play games? I would love to be able to keep Steam open, as the notifications and friends panels are useful to me while I am not playing games.
Is there a way to move multiple items at once in my backpack? In Team Fortress 2, is it possible to move more than one item at a time while sorting my in game inventory? I want to sort all of my items, but doing it one at a time feels very inefficient.
In NMS, if I join a random session with my existing save, do I load in where I last logged off? I've been playing NMS on Xbox using the \"Play Game (other players may join your session)\" option.I'm curious to try the \"Join Game (join a session with friends or random explorers)\" option. I'd be joining a random session; not joining with known friends.If I choose the Join Game option with my existing save, will I load in at my last save location? Or will it port me to the random player whose session I've joined?
Unemployed duplicant still requiring high morale I have a duplicant in Oxygen Not Included that is suffering from stress because he requires a high morale due to his (former job). However, I removed him from that job, but he is still requiring high morale.Is the morale requirement permanent once you give a duplicant a job?
Move Fable TLC saved games to Fable Anniversary I'd like to move my Fable TLC save from OSX to Fable Anniversary on Win7.The directory contents look identical (Autosave, Autosave.qa, Profile.bin, and some manual saves), however, then Anniversaries loads it crashes bringing up the book that holds the profiles.If I replace the saves and not the profile, (putting the saves into an existing profile), I can see the saved games, but it crashes on loading.Anything I can do to help do the migration? Seems pretty close already.
Most optimum way to use ice on long corridors? I've been working on a survival map for a while, and right yesterday got my ice farm.So the fact is that I want to use this ice to move faster between portals in nether, but also at some places in overworld. My corridors are 2*2, but I have to hold me to use everything as packed ice because it will take for ages for me to fill those corridors, even if I do it in 1 side of the 2 they have.So how do I have to difference between packed ice and normal ice at nether and overworld? Do trap doors help when holding light away from ice blocks?
How to play dota 2 turbo offline? I am new to Dota and I liked playing the Turbo mode. Also it is great for trying out new heroes. Is there a way to play Dota turbo offline with bots ?Also, can I play the other unranked game modes like draft pick and mutation offline?
Mob Spanwer mined by creeper not working Recently I was working on a tunnel near my a skeleton Spanwer I found, when suddenly a creeper came and blew up next to me. The strange thing is, that the Spanwer dropped as item, which I later placed somewhere else, and now it doesn't spawner anything. Anyone know how to make it spawner again, without mods.
Can I own more then one freighter? I rescued a (second) freighter from attacking pirates. Can I own/acquire a second freighter? If yes, how can I switch between my two (or more?) freighters?
Steam account hacked! My steam account got hacked by visiting a phising website via my phone. My account details including my phone number and email account that has been linked to my steam account is changed. I have contacted steam support and provided screenshot of the message that I got in my mail regarding the changing of my account details. I have also provided them the payment details that I usually use to purchase games from steam. Can my steam account  still be recovered?
How do I uninstall FIFA 18 on PC? I've installed FIFA 18 on PC, but when I go to Control Panel -> Programs I can't see the FIFA 18 to uninstall it.I also didn't find any setup file to uninstall it.How can I do that?
How can I record screen (gameplay) video capture alongside controller inputs in PS4? I would like to record some of my own gameplay for training purposes. This includes video capture of the screen as well as controller actions during the gameplay (what buttons are pressed and the directions of the thumb pads).Then I can replay what was recorded (gameplay alongside controller inputs).Can this be done, and how?(Pretty sure some professional gamers would do something like that as part of their training?)
How does the lucky attribute affect IVs during trading? I started playing at launch but dropped off for a while as new features were rolling out. As such, I have a bunch of 2016 Pok\u00e9mon but no lucky Pok\u00e9mon, until I did my first trade recently.  Based on how I understand trading these old Pok\u00e9mon should work, I have a reasonable expectation of getting some lucky Pok\u00e9mon back as well.But what I don't completely understand is how a Pok\u00e9mon being lucky affects their new IV values. Are the new values generated based on a higher stat floor? Do the current IVs prior to the trade and turning lucky play a role? Could a Pok\u00e9mon with high IVs actually have lower IVs after turning lucky? I essentially just need to understand this system better so I can better target what Pok\u00e9mon I want in return during trades. What's the current understanding for stat rerolls when a Pok\u00e9mon being traded turns lucky? 
Does Plantera enrage if you lead it out of the jungle biome? So I'm preparing for my Plantera boss fight. I made an arena in the underground jungle, but a portion of it becomes the regular underground due to a lack of jungle grass. Will this be a problem during the fight?
How to show FPS in World of Warcraft? My guild member recently uploaded a screenshot of their UI and mentioned world of Warcraft has an in game option to show FPS. I was unable to find this in the settings.How do you show FPS in WoW?
How to turn off PS4 notifications for a game that I uninstalled years ago? A few years ago, I bought a PS4 game (The Elder Scrolls Online). I played it for a year and I have since uninstalled it. I did this last action around one year and a half ago.For a few months now, I keep receiving PS4 notifications to try and put me back in the game. Just today I opened my PS4 to be greeted with a \"come back and get this special mount\" notification.How can I turn those pesking notifications from that one single game that I have deleted for such a long time?I don't want to totally get rid of the game as I might return in the future, but I don't want to always be reminded of that one game.
MtG Arena: Fifth card after draft or selaed I recently played some drafts and sealed games in Magic the Gathering Arena and  was wondering what happens when I draft a card (or get a card in sealed) that I already have four times in my collection. Do I get a wildcard for my collection, similar to when I open packs or is it \"lost\" after I'm done with my run?
How do aliens get stronger? Over the course of a playthrough, what determines the strength and quantity of the alien units you fase on missions? For example, do the aliens grow stronger:continuously over time?at specific points in time (e.g. end of each month)?after each mission?as XCOM's squad ranks up?as XCOM's tech advances?as more regions are contacted?A few implications of this are:If I skip a mission, am I letting the aliens grow stronger while I miss out on resources, or do both sides stagnate?Will pushing XCOM's tech forward only cause the aliens to advance as well?If wait to start a mission (e.g. a facility assault), do I risk it getting suddenly harder after a certain event (e.g. the end-of-month status report)?
Minecraft command block targeting How do I select multiple targets with one command block without using @e[type=!player]?For instance: /execute @e[type=creeper] ~ ~ ~ execute @e[type=spider] ~ ~ ~ execute....Does this make the command block only execute the next execute command if the previous entity is found?
If I dismantle an exotic with a catalyst do I lose my progress? I am working through a few exotic weapon catalyst quests at the moment, but I'm finding that I have quickly outleveled the weapons.If I dismantle the item and get a new one from my Collections, will I lose my catalyst progress?
Does a Gold Axe mine faster than a Diamond Axe in Minecraft? I have been looking around on a lot of Minecraft websites, and I have seen that Gold tools, as crappy as they are, work faster than Diamond tools on some blocks. Does anyone know if this is actually true? I want to know because I want to make sure, because I am working on a future command on Bedrock Edition for a God Axe that chops faster than any other axe in the game, and also does significant damage to mobs and other players.
Gen 1&2 catchable Pokemon in Heartgold I will start playing Heartgold, but no trading will occur with outside of the game itself.My goal, except from becoming the very best ( :) ), is to catch all the available Gen 1 &amp; 2 Pokemon in this game, and evolve them as much as I can.Do you know which these Pokemon are? I cannot find a concrete list while surfing the Internet..
Is there a wii that is not homebrewable? I want homebrew &amp; bootmii on a Wii, but I don't currently own a Wii.Is there any particular Wii that that this won't work for?
Do mob spawn rates change if your alone on a multiplayer server? So if your playing on a multiplayer server with 3-4 people and you make a mob spawner, the mob spawner won't work that well because mobs will spawn near other players but what if everyone leaves and you're the only one there? Would the mob spawner spawn rate be the same as a single player spawn rate? Does it depend on the server? 
Which Professor do you send you pokemon to in Go? If Willow is the traveling, exploring profosser in the game does he really have room in his camper for all those transfered pokemon? So if not... are we sending them to Oak?
How to unsaddle my horse in Red Dead Redemption 2? I am at the beginning of the game shortly after the harsh winter tutorial, when the gang sets up a new camp.I was roaming around and by accident I found a nice horse that I now want to make my default one as it currently is only a temporary one.It says in the help that I should have an option to unsaddle my horse and be able to put the saddle on another one to make it my primary. Yet I see nothing like this. Is this tied to a mission I have to finish first?
Pokemon Go is stuck on an old phone My old phone with Pokemon Go got screen cracked to the point it's impossible to use to sign out so I can't play on my new phone. So other than paying $100 to dollars to fix my old phone, what can I do?
Is there a painless way to run Starcraft 2 on Linux? Now that Starcraft 2 is free to play, is there a painless way to run it in Linux?People have been doing it with different success for years, but the hacks are spead over different resources and often are distro specific.I have some specific limitations though.Since I saw file names like Starcraft64 on a Windows install of Starcraft 2, I would like to run it on a clean 64bit Linux distribution without the multilib 32bit compat layer installed.I am fine with either 64bit stable wine or the 64bit staging wine, no wrappers like PlayOnLinux or Lutris should be involved.Is it possible to install and run Starcraft 2 this way?So far I went to starcraft2.com website and downloaded the installer, but when I ran the file tool on it, I was told it is a 32bit Windows executable, so obviously it won't be able to run under pure 64 wine.
Is it possible to target entities with potion effects through any command? I was screwing around and attempting to make a mechanism where if a player shoots an entity with a special arrow (that gives a potion effect as a marker), and then activates another command block, it would kill all entities with that potion effect. After searching extensively, I couldn't find any nbt effect that I could use to kill entities with a potion effect, and there most certainly was not any other argument after @e[, so is there any nbt effect to target it, or any other way that I overlooked?I found an old answer suggesting scoreboard functions, but it seems to be outdated and have the same issue (commands not being able to discriminate/select entities based on active effects, as far as I can find).
What can you do with dolphins? In Minecraft, there are dolphins. Can you tame them? I am playing on the Xbox 360 version.
What ALL the stats in D2 mean and how do they affect? I'm tired of only seeing builds, I want to understand what exactly each thing does, like Attack Rating, Light Radius, etc.; all that miscellaneous stuff.
Darksiders 3 Armors So with the new Darksiders game I was wondering if there is actually armor with effects like less damage or such. I only got the cosmetic armor so far from season pass but as it says, its purely cosmetic.So the question is, are there armors with an actual effect?
Who tucked me in last night? I was playing for the pacifist ending and was in the secret lab. Finding an empty bed, I decided to take a nap. A shape appeared and tucked me in. Who was it?Video of the scene:                             
Plants Not Growing Food In Fallout 76 I've planted mutfruit, blackberry, corn, and tato plants, but they sit there and never actually make any food to harvest. I've tried planting them in my own CAMP, my friend's CAMP, even workshops claimed by me.Instructions I've seen online essentially just say \"plant the crops.\" Nothing I've found online seems to indicate this is bugged. Though I've not played Fallout 4, I've searched through the questions for that but didn't see anything related that might help.Other resource production stations like water purifiers and mineral extractors produce results as expected. With a production rate of 17/hr for the crops, I'd expect something to be available approximately every four minutes. I've waited over an hour in one of my workshops with no results. I even made sure nobody came through and harvested them, so I know for sure nothing was produced.Is there anything required for growing plants like water or fertilizer?How do you get the crops to actually grow food?
Why do I burp sometimes? Sometimes I burp after eating food in Minecraft (Java edition 1.13.2 on Linux in a singleplayer world). First, the food will be consumed as normal, restoring the expected amount of hunger. Then I hear a \"burp\" sound and additional hunger is restored. Since this usually happens unexpectedly, I don't know whether additional food has been consumed or not. What causes the burp? What are its effects? And can it be done intentionally?
When Battle Royale mode will be added to Dota2? With all the latest news, it seems it will be added sooner or later. What is the estimate when that mode will be added to Dota2? Would it be a custom game like pudge-wars, fully supported game mode, or some kind of expansion?
Is character customisation any different from on the Wii U and 3ds versions? I've watched a bit of Super Smash Bros Ultimate gameplay and wanted to ask a bit about the game. I feel one of the most important parts of the Wii U and 3ds versions was the ability to challenge people using the customizations that you worked hard to get the equipment and specials for. I want to find out if the customization feature is any different from the 3ds and Wii U games, and check there is no way that it has been downgraded.I've seen that the game offers a mode called world of light, in which you can gain spirits that give you stats and abilities. Can these spirits be used in multiplayer?The game seems to be amibo compatible, but I don't know if their functionality is the same or not. Are amibo that are setup for the previous two smash games compatible and is their functionality any different?Thanks for any help.
How do I optimise expedition and gym output? I noticed that when assigning spirits to an expedition, gym, or dojo, apart from the basic level/rarity/type information on each spirit, some of them have an upward red arrow icon while others have a downward blue arrow icon or no icon at all. You can even sort spirits by \"condition\so I'm gonna call it exactly that. My question is: how to choose the best spirits for each task?In my opinion, each of those four stats (level/rarity/type/condition) might contribute to the spirit effectiveness, but I want to know to what degree. So my question is twofold:What does this \"condition\" mean, how is it calculated, and how does that affect expedition rewards (or gym effectiveness)?How does level/rarity/type affect expedition rewards and gym effectiveness?
Controlling Robin's neutral attack combo: Arcfire or Elwind In the third strike of Robin's neutral attack, it is either a fire attack that uses up Arcfire charges, or a wind flurry attack that uses Elwind charges.Given that there are sufficient charges of both tomes, is the outcome of the third strike random? I've been trying to choose one over the other consistently by testing with simultaneous directional inputs but I can't seem to control when I get Arcfire and when I get Elwind. How can I control the output?
How do I get the shop to refresh, and how often does it refresh? How do I get the shop to refresh?  And how often does it refresh?  Currently I have 7 out of 10 slots open with purchasable items, 3 of the slots are locked and don't have any merchandise.  I bought out everything but the first 3 items, and got a message saying I needed to spend 1200gp? to refresh the shop, but I've done that and still can't figure out how to get the shop to refresh.  Is it a timer based thing? Or is there some other, more consistent and quicker way to get the shop to refresh. I'd like to buy up as much Mii headgear as possible.
Redstone to detect \"falling\" (self closing trapdoor) Is there a way to get a redstone signal when a player falls through a hole (right after he falls, not when he lands)?Background: I created a bubble elevator and want a trapdoor for the other way around. When you want to go down, you open the trapdoor and fall, but the trapdoor would have to be closed again immediately after. I know I could make this work with tripwire, but I lack the space for that at the moment. If there is a better solution, I would be very glad for help.
Can anyone explain some unfamiliar terms in PS Vita for a beginner gamer like me? So, I'm a grown-ass adult, but I've never played much game before other than on my phone. Since I'm on vacation and have a lot free time to spare, I'm looking to buy a PS Vita for gaming. However, I don't really know anything much about that stuff.  I know there are PS Vita and Vita Slim. But when I browsed a quite popular website in my country looking to buy 2nd hand PS Vita, I saw there were ads selling PS Vita 2000 from Japan for $160. What does the 2000 mean? Should I buy one that says it's from Japan? Is there another way to say psvista slim 3.68 jailbroken for $165. What does 3.68 mean? And the dumbest question, what does Jailbreak really mean? I saw that word all the time but never really understood it.TLDR; What do the following terms mean in regards to PS Vita/Vita Slim:20003.68Jailbroken
How to hide hud/GUI I was wondering if you could hide the buttons on screen (gui) in clash of clans.I\u2019ve already tried looking it up and I\u2019ve looked in settings on the app.
How can I level up my AI crew? When you try to set default behaviors for AI-controlled craft in X4:Foundations, you'll see that the Default Behavior button brings up a list of tasks with a number of stars next to each. For example, Automine requires a pilot with one star while Explore requires a three star pilot.In X3, you could start a pilot trading in sector. After a while, the ability to auto-trade throughout the galaxy would become available. In X4 (as of version 1.50), it doesn't seem to be possible to tell low level pilots to auto-trade in sector. I'm stuck telling them what to do and where.How do I level up pilots to get those stars?
How to restore java minecraft server after power outage I just experienced a power outage and I lost my multiplayer Minecraft Java server world (which I've spent a ton of time crafting).   When I restarted the server after the outage, a new world map was generated.  Unfortunately, I don't have any backups (that I'm aware of)  I'm in my \"world\" directory and have some files in the \"region\"and \"player data\" directory that were saved before the outage.  Can these be used to restore the world?Any help would be greatly appreciated!!!
Where can I obtain corpse hearts for crafting? I would like to craft up some cleansing runes so I can carve my way through the Emprise du Lion. This requires corpse hearts, which apparently drop from possessed corpses. However, after murdering close to fifty corpse archers woken from the ponds of the Fallow Mire, I have yet to find a single heart.Are corpse hearts really so rare, and I should just keep \"fishing\" in the Fallow Mire? Or do I need to find a different... kind... of corpse? Where can I obtain corpse hearts?Preference will be given to answers that (a) don't depend on certain missions not being completed eg. Still Waters in Crestwood and (b) don't require DLC, since I'm on the XBox 360.
Removing summoned ender dragon (Minecraft.) I summoned an ender dragon in minecraft realms (in the overworld) and it just sits there and makes a lot of noise. I have tried many things to remove it but it will not work. (Cheats are on!) It does not move or shoot fireballs it just makes a lot of noise and stays in one place. Please someone help me I really need to remove this...
Civilization VI: How can I see which Research Agreements are active? How can I see which Research Agreements I made with which Opponent Civilization? This is different from Civilization V.
What is this larger gun indication on the minimap? Something in PUBG Mobile, on my minimap, I see a bullet indication. This means that a gunshot can be heard from the direction it's pointing. However sometimes, I get this larger indicator that points in the general direction. What type of gun is this gunshot? Is it a suppressor on a gun?Edit: If this helps, I was playing the Mini Zone mode.Here is a screenshot I managed to get during game play.(Look at the minimap)
Should I grind until last minute for a story palace, or clear it as soon as I can? I'm in the first palace, and I get 2 weeks to beat it.I'm close to clearing it on Friday of the first week, but IDK if I should push now to clear it or grind the mobs for levels/money before clearing it on the eleventh hour.The story so far seems to hint at the fact that when I clear it, the palace would be gone and so the mobs in it would, I guess, not be accessible anymore.So in most cases, is it preferable to clear the story palace as soon as possible, or is it better to wait, grind what you can before clearing it?
Do I need a VPN to play AOE2 on the same LAN? Trying to setup AOE2 HD game in order to play over LAN. I have several laptops connected via wi-fi by using home router. I create game on first laptop and trying to connect from another one. Second laptop not finds first one hosted game. I suppose since I play on LAN, I don't need any additional tools like VPN in order to connect PC's. Please, correct me if I'm wrong.I was trying to run this game on two vmware virtual machines hosted on same PC. These machines connects to each other fine fine.Can I somehow tell AOE2 first machine IP dress in order to find served game?How to connect client AOE2 to server one?UPDFirewall is off on both PC's and ping works fine in both ways.UPD2I have connected laptop and third desktop pc for battle in case both of them are on LAN wire connection. In case laptop is on wifi and destop on LAN wire connection fails even ping both ways runs fine. Why connection depends on wifi factor?
Xbox one stream laptop I have a laptop with an hdmi port. I want to be able to switch over to that in the Xbox, but there is no \u201cTV\u201d app or anything to switch to the hdmi input. How can I do this? To clarify more i want to have my laptop display in the Xbox, not the Xbox display on the laptop
How does an Ability Capsule interact with Hidden Abilities? In Pokemon Ultra Moon, I have a Alolan Marowak with the ability Lighting Rod. But what I really want is his ability to be Rock Head. I farmed and tried to give him an ability capsule, but the ability capsule said that it was going to turn him into a Cursed Body Marowak. If I change him into an Cursed Body Marowak and give him a ability capsule again, will it turn him into a Rock Head Marowak, or will it just switch him back into a Lighting Rod Marowak? Rock Head is not a hidden ability.
Does forceloading chunks put a lot of stress on the server For a project on a minecraft server I used the new /forceload command to keep some chunks loaded. There is probably about 10 chunks not counting the spawn chunks that are forceloaded. I've also noticed that the server's memory usage has gone up as well as the \"Running behind\" messages. There has also been an increase in players so that could also be the issue. In my mind it's not that much different than having another player on, but does it put a bit more stress on the server because they are in various location and not grouped together (more like 10 players instead)? This is in 1.13.2 minecraft with vanilla server.
What block is the slowest to break with pickaxe? All the entries in the wiki etc focus on breaking speed of blocks using 'the right tool', and I couldn't find anything about breaking blocks with 'wrong tool'. And I'm wondering what is the slowest block to mine with pickaxe obtainable legally in survival.My last concrete making session ended up with a big hole in the 'concrete maker' as I was afk'ing using my diamond pickaxe (with mending enchantment) and missed the moment concrete ran out. Within range of a beacon set to Haste 2, the pickaxe chewed through the obsidian back of the concrete maker in matter of moments and proceeded to punch a hole in the wall of my super-smelter that happened to be behind that wall. Are there any other materials more resistant to pickaxe than obsidian? I mean, at this point it seems like wool takes longer, but I'm not sure. I'm almost feeling like putting a nametagged zombie behind the obsidian, that would take a while to break with a pick.
How can you play the same game with different accounts from the same folder? I'd like to keep all my games on a different computer and the folder with the games then just gets mounted on Windows via iSCS or NFS.  This certainly works for one PC using the folder. But I'd like to use more than one PC to e.g. play the same game with friends at the same time. Everyone would use his own account but I don't know if there will be any issues when reading and in particular writing to the same drive.Most important stuff seems to get synced into the cloud anyways for common and recent games. I don't if games generally do a lot of writing to the program folder beyond saving the files.I mostly have games from Steam, UPlay, Origin and EpicGames in mind.
Keeping inventory conditionally I want to make a PvP data pack for a Minecraft server, and I want it to function as follows: if a player is killed within half a minute of him hitting another player, they should drop all their items, but if they're killed without hitting another player they should keep their inventory. Is this possible? Also, if possible, I would want to do this without using command blocks.
Is it possible to remove the link to the Support-a-Creator feature? A few days ago, I entered a Creator ID for the Fortnite Share the Love event and bought an item to get the free wrap in the 7.40 patch update.Now, I don't want to support a creator anymore. I tried blanking out the creator name, then submit but it was telling me \"Connection error. Please try again later\" on Switch and PC.Looking into the Support-a-Creator FAQ, I cannot find any information concerning removing the supported creator. Changing the supported creator works just fine. Do I really have to keep supporting a creator?
How to share accurate location with Geodjango I am new to GIS and have been working on a webapp for location sharing. I want to be able to have my users be able to \"Pin\" their location in a map. For this I installed Geodjango/PostgreSQL/Postgis did the Geodjango tutorial and have a fully working map.My problem is that I am not sure what the next step should be to be able to get the request the user's information (their location) when they decide to \"pin\" the location and be able to accurately put it on the map. I am using django 1.11
ArcObjects C# : What are the valid inputs for IGxObjectProperties.GetProperty()? The function IGxObjectProperties.GetProperty() takes in a string, i.e. \"ESRI_GxObject_Name\".So far, the ones I know are:ESRI_GxObject_Name, ESRI_GxObject_FileSize, ESRI_GxObject_FileTime, ESRI_GxObject_FileMode, ESRI_GxObject_TypeWhat other strings are valid? There doesn't seem to be a complete list anywhere
Select n cells from a raster maximizing their variance I work in R, especially using 'raster' package. It is a computational problem too hard for my syntax capacities.STEP 1.I have a one band raster, and what I want to select is a set of n cells (in my case, n = 15) as different as possible different regarding their values. In mathematical terms, in my selection I want to maximize the variance of values. Obviously, there are a huge amounts of combinations, but I would select the best one solution.STEP 2. One further methodological complication is that at the same time I would like to maximize the distance between cells. I mean, once reached a set of possibilities from step1 (variance optimization), I would like to select the best solution in terms distance between cells (for example, the sum of distance between cells).Is it possible? (at least the step1, but preferentially also step2)
Exporting location coordinates as .csv file Is there a way to export the coordinates of regions that have been drawn on a map in google earth engine to a .csv file?
Adding contour line to heatmap in QGIS? I use QGIS 2.18.14I import csv file with hits on a certain area. I then create a simple indicative heatmap (properties > heatmap).Can I add contour lines to this heatmap and if yes, how?I also put a vector grid on these hits > count points in polygon and then via properties > graduated based number of hits per square.Can I add contour lines to this square based heat map and if yes, how?
How to create a Digital Surface Model using ASTER level 1A/B data? I am working on estimating Canopy height of mangrove. I want to employ ASTER level 1A or 1B data to generate Digital Surface Model (DSM). But after I searched it in Google, I cannot find an existed method to generate a DSM. So, how do I generate a DSM using ASTER level 1A/B data? Or, can the ASTER data (level 3 DEM) set be considered as a digital surface model (DSM) which provides heights of the surface objects?Discussion:After thinking for a while, I understand ASTER has theer subsystems: VNIR (visible and Inferred band), SWIR and TIR. The VNIR has the 3N and 3B band which can be applied to generate DEM. Moreover, DSM is a subset of DEM. Since the channels cannot penetrate canopy to reflect ground, the level 1 data of ASTER indicates the surface height information instead ground information. Thus, the raw data can generate digital surface model.
Kernel Density with quantity values in bands I have very limited knowledge of ArcMap. I am trying to use a density heat map to portray the number of incidents in an area. I have used the Kernel Density tool in ArcMap 10.1. However, instead of the standard output in the legends, I am wondering if there is a way I can set the parameters to show something like:Color 1= 1-99 Incidents,Color 2= 100-199 Incidents,Color 3= 200-299 Incidents,...I believe that the normal output is the number of occurrences over the given search area.  This gives a good visual output as to where the greatest number of incidents are. When trying to provide a quantity for a field unit how do I accurately change the information?
Getting geometry with coordinates in PostGIS? I have a latitude coordinate and longitude coordinate. I have a table with geometries. What function must I execute to use the coordinates to get a geometry containing the point made by these coordinates?
Calculating mean slope of lines based on DEM? I have a DEM and a line vector shapefile (also available in PostGIS) and I need to calculate the mean slope of every line. Direction of the slope (positive or negative) is not important.That means I should assign the DEM raster values of the start and end vertex to two new attributes (e.g. alti_a and alti_b). Then it would be possible to use field calculator and calculate the slope.How can I do this? Are there alternative solutions?
How to filter OSM data spatially (more complex than by polygon/bounding box)? Tools like osmosis, osmfilter, or osmconvert allow just clipping data to a defined bounding box or a polygon (besides filtering by attributes).What is the best way to delete all objects inside multiple defined areas? In other words: I want do do an erase operation on OSM data.Is there a simpler way than importing OSM data to a database, processing there and writing back to a file?
Simple homemade route optimization algorithm I'm trying to do a simple route optimization without any fancy frameworks and insert-science-professor-name-here algorithms.I have a startDepot and 100k waypoints of which I want to find about 25 waypoints, which are reasonable to visit in a single route. The accuracy doesn't have to be perfect.Currently I'm searching for the nearest point to the start location, then search the nearest to the first point, then nearest to the previously found point etc, always excluding the previously found points. Now, the algorithm gives quite good results and even produces a reasonable route, but I really would like to include an endDepot also. Sometimes it may match the startDepot, sometimes not. Any ideas of how to find the next point that prefers the direction to the endDepot?I'm using postgis but the question is more related to algorithm generation
Write coordinates to new shp file columns with OGR I'm trying to get the location coordinates written to a shp file after reprojecting it.  I have shp files that are in WGS 84 (EPSG:4326) and I reproject them into UTM 13N (EPSG:27700).  I then want to add two columns and populate them with the UTM coordinates, the new projection.  I know that this is easy to do with QGIS in the attribute table but I have several files and would like to find a way to batch the process and handle several files at once so I am hoping there is an OGR method.  
\"Dirty\" polygons created when using \"Merge selected features\" in QGIS When I selecting features to merge in QGIS 2.14.3-Essen using \"merge selected features\I sometimes get \"dirty\" results with redundant polygon vertices. Is there an ex-ante or an ex-post way to get rid of them? Using Mac OS 10.11.6 El Capitan
Choosing geometry to store tin format data to support spatial queries? What is the best way to store 3D TIN data in postgis, to support queries like st_intersects, st_within, st_overlaps, etc. I can't use TIN since it only supports st_intersects.
GIS File format conversions I want to code in python or any other language to create a software to convert the following files to each other:GeoJSON File;Tiff File; Shapefile;  KML/KMZ File; Grid netCDF File;ESRI Grid File; and Well Known Text File.I am new to GIS and python field I have no idea about how to proceed. We are planning to use QGIS to implement this conversion.
Extracting the z-values of a stream in a watershed if I have the values of the contours I have the z-values of the contours (physical contours) of a watershed in AutoCAD civil, but I may use them in ArcGIS 10.2 and I have already created a DEM. I need to extract the z-values for the stream, in order to create the AgreeDem and to continue with the fill and flow accumulation process in ArcGIS. 
Unable to connect to PostgreSQL database using schemas I am using QGIS 2.0 with PostgreSQL 10 and PostGIS 2.4.I have multiple users who need to access their vector data from the database. All the users have the same vector layers on their project, but need to create their own features and store them individually on the database, with the user being able to access only his/ her own tables.I created a database user_markings and imported all the relevant vector layers into it using DB Manager. I cloned the public schema of this database using a script into multiple schemas, one for each user. I granted all privileges for a user to his/ her schema, and assigned the user login a path to the schema.When I attempt to connect to the database as one of the users, I get the following error: Erronous query: SELECT postgis_version() returned 7[ERROR: function postgis_version() does not exist].I am able to login as a Superuser. I have double checked the postgis and postgis_topology extensions in my database. Also as I read in one of the posts, I have assigned a path to postgis in the database properties.
Project On The Fly CRS i am going through the qgis 2.18 training manual, Forestry Application (georeferencing) I am using Windows OS8. When i load rautjarvi_aerial.tif or forest_stands.shp layers, there is no visual.When i click on Zoom to layer, they will show but the other layers will now show.I have followed the manual instructions to the letter but no luck. Is there a bug i am unaware of?Any assistance will be nice. 
Using ModelBuilder/ArcPy in ArcGIS Pro to Iterate Field Values of Multiple Feature Classes? I am using ArcGIS Pro 2.01 for this task.I have 114 shapefiles (each represents a session of the US Congress) which include every congressional district since 1790.  I have added a short integer field to each feature class called \"Congress\".  This field is intended to signify which session of Congress that feature was used for.  For example, all 435 features in the shapefile representing the 114th Congress should have a value of 114 for that field.I am trying to automate the entire process using ModelBuilder.  I do understand that this could be done in Python but I would prefer to use the ModelBuilder so that I can teach my high school GIS class how to do this before showing them the code.Each shapefile contains the Congressional session number at the end of the filename.Should I try to use the For tool or should I use something like the Iterate Field Value tool?
How to get gdaltranslate to create world file Am trying to recreate \"gdal... -co worldfile=yes\"However whenever I do I get error: \"Warning 6: driver GTiff does not support creation option worldfile\"Though I think it may be working anyway. Any ways to prevent error message, or workarounds?
Is it acceptable to assume there will be no 'walk' in coordinates transformed back and forth between two datums? Given that you use the same datum transformation, you should end up with the same coordinate regardless of how many times you convert between to datums.  Is this a correct assumption?  Is this applicable for both equation-based and grid-based transformations?  For example: Convert NAD27 to NAD83 via NADCON then from those NAD83 to NAD27 via NADCON, and again, etc.
Is Landsat 30m resolution satellite images accurate enough to map land cover on a 40 km\u00b2 watershed? I am trying to remote sensing land cover features (bare soil, water, vegetation, cultivated areas) on a 40 km\u00b2 watershed, located in the Sahel (semi-arid west africa). I am heavily interested in their spatio-temporal trends and patterns. As such, I found Landsat images to be potentially good candidates. Free available Landsat products (C1 and C2 levels) have a resolution of 30 m, i.e the surface being represented in a single pixel is close to 900 m\u00b2.I would like to know if this spatial resolution is accurate enough for my task, given the size of my study area (40 km\u00b2) ? Is there a general rule of thumb to follow, or even better, some references discussing the topic ? How can I account for and estimate mapping errors subsequently ?
Make ArcMap label using the first letter from each word in an attribute How do I create labels using the first letter of each word from a specific attribute, preferably using Python as the parser? For example, the attribute name is Common_Name and the values are eastern white pine, balsam fir, plus many others. Cases may be mixed (e.g. some might be Eastern White Pine or Balsam fir), but I'd like the labels to be all capitols, like EWP and BF, respectively.
How do you export a temporal KML from QGIS? If I have data with a timestamp attribute, how do I export that from QGIS into a time-aware KML that invokes the GoogleEarth time slider?I do not see any sort of options in the Save vector layer as dialogue and internet searches have turned up zero.
Intersection of rasters in ArcGIS Desktop? I have two set of raster layers, one for buildings (static) and one for depth of surface water due to pluvial flooding from simulation (dynamic, changes with each time step). My aim is to generate an animation which shows buildings changing their color into red,yellow etc. as soon as water depth reach a certain value. For this purpose, I have to intersect building raster and water depth raster from different time instants. I have tried it with CON() tool in spatial analyst but the problem with CON() tool is that only the cells where water depth is reached or exceeded in the building raster are changed and not the whole building cells.Is there any way with which I can manage to change the color of the whole building (and not just the cells where water depth is exceeded) when even a single cell of that building reaches or exceeds a certain water depth?
See highlighting when an overlapped point is selected? I have two points with the same location (with the same geometry point). It seems that I'm dealing with a overlapped selection bug because having those two points when I choose the second (the one on top) through the attribute table will be shown a highlight selection which is OK but if I choose the first one (the one below) it simply doesn't highlight. Which it is very confusing since that it means that the first point is a point without geometry, which is not true. When you have overlapped points QGIS will select only the top ones (in my case the last record on my table).Is this a bug or in fact is a property that I can change in some place on QGIS settings? If so, where can I change that to show always the highlight selection for overlapped points?Note: My QGIS version is 2.18.16
Exporting CartoDB dataset for create report? How could I export the Carto's dataset to then generate a report of that data?With the idea of giving that report to some architects.Please excuse my limited English.
Creating raster from selection of footprints in Mosaic Dataset? I am working with thousands of DEM tiles, so I have put them into a Mosaic Dataset. (Please give me feedback if this is not the best way to handle this amount of data).I was given DEM tiles that extend beyond the area of interest, so I did a Select by Location in order to choose the footprints that fall within the area of a particular polygon.I have tried right clicking the \"Image\" title in the Mosaic Dataset and choosing Export data (with Selected Footprints). This returned a raster with all of the rasters in the Dataset.EDITI have tried Exporting the data from the Mosaic Dataset twice. Once using a Mask and again using Extents (all in Geoprocessing Environments). For both I used a polygon I created. Yet the output is still the full raster.Background geoprocessing is turned off, so I can't figure out what is going wrong so far.How do I go about creating a raster from of the area of interest?
How to generate a raster showing min/max values from a stack of rasters? QGIS and Python I have a stack of rasters (NDVI values over a year) and I want to generate a single raster showing the maximum difference between the layers. So the result should be a single raster showing the difference between maximum value and minimum value for each point across the landscape. How can I do this in QGIS or Python?
Cannot Find Vertices Counter in Plugin QGIS 3 I have recently installed the new version of QGIS and can't seem to find the vertices counter in the plugin menu to install. Does anyone know where I can find it? 
Statistics in print composer Qgis I would like to add a table with some statistics in the print composer. I want to show the rate of feature for a specific value. Let say I have a \"Existing\" field with 'Yes' or 'No' properties. I want to add a table with Y% Yes / X% No I tried to use the expression dialog but with no success. For info: I am on mac OSx and can't use SQL requests as there is an important but since 2 years with this. 
Automating row selection and update of attributes in ArcPy? I'm looking for a solution to automate a process I have found myself re-doing manually quite often. I have a dataset that consists of one column named \"quarter\" that is formatted \"2018 Q1\" (or Q3, or Q4, etc, going from 2016 to 2050) and several thousand rows. What I need to do is to select only the numeric part of that field and put it in a new field called \"year.\" Once this is done, I need to split the layer into new shapefiles; one for every year. I've tried ModelBuilder but I just don't understand the workflow and can't get it to work.If anyone has python script that does something similar to this I can try changing it.
Adding sigmoidal curve function in ArcGIS raster calculator? I would like to add a sigmoidal function to create a factor map In ArcMap. The function has to decrease with an increase in values.For example: The suitability should be 1 for a distance of 250m and then it should decrease as a cosine function until 1250m.250m has highest suitability value 1 and it decreases to 0 for distances more than 1250mCould someone explain how to do this using raster calculator? 
Using Carto.js with free account? I have a website running with an old CartoDB account and I would like to make some improvements.With the arrival of CARTO BUILDER, I lost the opportunity to share layers and thus be able to use carto.jsI understand when reading carto.js 4.0 that it is no longer possible to use it with a free account, since you need an API key to use it, but I am not sure.Can anyone confirm me this?
Geoserver: how to call a Geotools function from Openlayers I intend to create a custom Geotools function that does some special insertions into a PostGIS DB. My question is how to call that function from Openlayers?
Errors with Append tool 000594 I am trying to No_Test append a polygon feature class to another polygon feature class. Both fc's are located in the same geodatabase. I am using the Append tool with ArcGIS 10.2.I'm getting two errors, but to focus the question on one--I keep getting Error 000594: Input Feature 1L falls outside of output geometry domains.I recall having this issue before and being able to fix it with environmental settings, but the error still occurs with the following set:<blockquote>  Output Coordinates: Same as input    Processing Extent: Union of inputs    M and Z values have  been disabled (although there are no M or Z values for either fc. I've read that if the fc was created in ArcGIS 9.x or earlier, it may have issues with M or Z values.)    Geodatabase Advanced: Maintain Spacial Index has been checked. Output M and Z are same as input.</blockquote>Any suggestions on what else I should be troubleshooting?
Using groundwater data in ArcMap? I have raw data in the form of groundwater levels collected regularly over a couple of years. The values are collected in an excel file together with xy coordinates for the water wells (of which there are between 10 and 20) as well as z ground level values.My goal is to present the water levels (the important data) in a way that is easy to understand and maybe a bit more interesting than simply showing the position of the wells and keep the values in the attribute table. I want the viewer to understand how the water levels vary within in the area.But since I'm kind of new to GIS and ArcMap I'm not sure what's a good way to do this. Do you have any suggestions?What I have done so far is turn the wells into vector points based on the xy values in the excel file. The rest of the values can be viewed in the attribute table.Since the water wells are located at different heights I guess it's pointless to do an interpolation of the water levels.
QGIS equivalent of ArcMap's Selection by Location Have their Centroid In option I am currently using QGIS 2.18.15 and I have two sets of polygon layer data. I would like to use the Select by Location research tool in order to isolate the polygons that have their centers within the other separate layer. ArcMap has a specific \"have their centroid in\" option when selecting by location. I don't see that QGIS has this. Is there an equivalent? 
Lost geometry from QGIS mysql vector layer I have a vector layer displaying geometry from a mysql view.This works fine for several days/weeks until suddenly it fails to refresh and my layer reverts to a non-geometry table, losing all symbols, labels etc.Closing the project without saving and reverting does not revert back to the previous working state. I am able to add a new vector layer to the same view that displays correctly but without my custom symbols.Is there any way to fix my layer (re-establish the geometry field) without having to start from scratch?Edit: QGIS 2.18.16, MySQL 5.6.14
Protecting KML/KMZ files created in ArcMap from being copied? Is there a way to lock/protect a kml/kmz file that is created in ArcMap from being copied in Google Earth and/or geoprocessed in ArcMap when you want to give to third parties?
Are licensed file geodatabase restrictions/permissions inherited when converting in ArcMap? If I create a licensed file geodatabase and I convert a feature class within in it as KMZ/KML file through the conversion tool, will it inherit the restrictions that I created within the licensed filegeodatabase?
Displaying addresses (point) relative to quantity at address using ArcGIS Desktop? I just geocoded 40,000 plus addresses. However there are several addresses that have 100's of people living at a given address (ex. apartment building). How do I show larger values as larger symbols using ArcGIS Desktop 10.2?
Get sum of a field for each element of overlapping paths I've used the very useful Openroute service to develop a number of routes which I have populated with traffic numbers (on each route). I want each section of road to present the total of a field (across multiple records) on each segment of road. The routes fan out like tree branches so the routes close to the point of interest have many individual paths overlying one another, until it gets a to point on the network where just the destination is on a route. I've tried a few ways but I either get a sum of the whole dataset, or a sequence of numbers on all the underlying routes. I can get the answer the long way around by selecting the underlying routes and then inspecting using the Statistics Panel 'Sum' but I'm sure there must be a much easier cleverer way of doing this. FURTHER INFO: It\u2019s difficult to visualise as the routes often overlap, but let me try to describe it differently. I have undertaken a set of route plans using open route service. These are sometimes overlaying and sometimes separate. Each individual route line has 4 values attached to it, AM IN (Arrivals in the morning peak), AM OUT (departures in the morning peak), PM IN (arrivals in the PM peak) and finally PM OUT (departures in the evening peak).I want to present vales on the plan that show the total value on each section of the routes, summed together. So for example if routes AB,AC,AD all ran over an element of common route the sum of their values would be presented. For each section of road I want to show the specific value of AM IN /AM OUT on that section of road. Essentially if i select the routes and use the Statistics panel the sum of selected routes shows me the right answer - but this is laborious.
Selection of Projection for a small scale project I'm quite unsure if this is the right place to ask but I would like to have some advice from experts.I'm working on a QGIS project in a small area in the south of Portugal. I've been questioning myself about which projection would be the most appropriate for the project.Since I'm aiming to establish marine protected areas, I believe that choosing one that would preserve areas and keep them as close to reality as much as possible would be the best option (please do correct me if I'm wrong), meaning an equal-area projection. Can anyone indicate an EPSG that would fit into these parameters?Until now, I was using the global 4326 and I also experimented with 32629 (WGS 84 / UTM zone 29N)EDIT: My area of interest has 9 000 km\u00b2. I would prefer for the error to be as small as possible but I can tolerate if it is not uniform.
Keep geometries in different layers in sync while editing I need to keep several polygon layers in common. So if I move a vertices on one layer the one or two layers sitting under (or in common) would also change that vert. I hope that makes sense. I feel it should be some sort of linked group or commonality setting.
Accessing JavaScript modules in Google Earth Engine I am trying to use some of the functions in the math.js module for JavaScript within Google Earth Engine, but I can't seem to import or cut and paste the math.js script because it is too large. Has anyone used math.js on the client side of Google Earth Engine?
Seeking process in ModelBuilder that can choose among several shapefiles in folder? I created a model in ArcGIS 10 which selects those parcels that intersect my polygon shapefile. It will then remove all r.o.w parcels. I then export the table it produces to an excel file. The shapefiles are in a folder.Is there a process which will direct ModelBuilder to said folder then prompt me as to which shapefile I want to run without using python?
Using Intersect to find where line crosses itself in ArcGIS Desktop? Can I not generate point features where a line feature intersects itself by using the Intersect tool? I try using it with just one line input but when I run it I get a warning saying the output generated is empty. There are visible intersections in the GPS data so it should produce some sort of output.I'm only using a basic license so unfortunately I can't use topology rules to find these intersections.
Trying to create pie charts from points in QGIS show up empty circles I'm using QGIS 1.8.I have a csv file with a list of nature reserves and their coordinates, and there are 10 columns such as 'birdwatching', 'scenery', etc with either 'yes' or 'no' under each for every nature reserve. What I need to do is display all this as best I can on one map, and since most of the reserves have more than one attraction I figured the best way to do that is with the pie chart function.When I add in all the attribute fields ('birdwatching', 'scenery' etc) all that I get is empty circles.I've been playing aroud with settings but can't figure out how to make it work.
Shapely - convert polygons to lines? Given a shapefile with polygons, how do I convert the polygons to individual lines instead? I know how to do this in QGIS, but I'm looking for a Shapely function which does the same thing.
Looping Projection in ArcGIS ModelBuilder? I've got a global DEM raster dataset in WGS84 and need to project this to all WGS84 UTM Zones. So after that I should have 120 raster, one in each Zone.Is there a possibility to automate this process with the ArcMap ModelBuilder?I tried the \"for\" iterator, but I can't choose the epsg as iterating value.Then I need to run the flow length tool on all those rasters and then reproject the resulting 120 flow length rasters again into WGS84.Do you have any idea for an efficient way to create a ModelBuilder path for that?
how to map/drape polygon layers over raster in QGIS? I want to \"map\" or \"drape\" a 2D vector (polygon) over a raster. Obtaining a 3D vector with z-values according to the raster it's draped over.Most of my internet findings point towards v.drape. However, this tool seems to only work for polylines, not polygons. Furthermore I am looking for functionality similar to that of ArcGIS 3D-Analyst (\"interpolate shape\"), where points are inserted in every new raster cell with an according height.Is there a similar tool or combination of tools to achieve this?Unfortunately, converting the polygon to polylines, draping it and converting it back to polygon does not seem to work either, as the Z-values get lost.QGIS 2.18.16
Retrieving deleted records from feature dataset in enterprise geodatabase? I have an enterprise geodatabase with many feature datasets. I was editing one of the feature datasets and accidentally deleted some records from there. I did not realize and stop editing after saving it. When I opened my attribute table, I do not see those selected records. Is there anyway that I can retrieve those deleted ones in the appropriate data sets?
Adding description text to attribute field using attribute table in QGIS? I'm using QGIS 3.0.1 and I would like to add a description text to an attribute field. I already use the alias text but I am interested in to store a more detailed description text for an attribute field like a tooltip or something similar. I know how to define conditional formatting (in qgis and python) but I'm not sure if it is possible to add this \"detailed\" information.Should this not be possible, could I use customized signals? I mean, when I press F1 something happens (e.g. I create a pop up with my description).With respect to my problem, I try to implement my own shortcut function using \"QShortcut\". This works but now I need the index of the selected field, similar to signal \"attributeValueChanged\". With this information I could create my own pop up with related description.Should this not be possible, I would create a dialog including a combo box where the user can select one of the fields of the layer. After that the related description would be displayed.
Extracting columns from shapefile into new raster using ArcGIS Desktop? Using ArcGIS 10.4I have a line (shapefile) with lots of information. In 8 columns there are groups of species (Group 1 to Group8), indicating if this is the dominant species group in the area or not. Then for every row there is one group that has a 1 (dominant) and all the other 7 have a 0. In rare cases non of the species groups is dominant (all are 0). Now, I need ONE raster file with this information. My idea was a raster with the numbers 1 to 8 indicating the dominant species group. But I cant get it to work. First I used feature to raster to extract each of the 8 columns. Then I tried to merge them into one raster with the mosaic to new raster tool. But of course this only gives me a file with 0 and 1 again.How could I get this done? 
How to get a street map from location point and distance I would like to find a way to get the map giving a location point (center point) and a distance.For example, I would like to get the image map of a place with a squared area of N, S, E, W each 525 m from location point 51.05660 N, 3.721500 E.I would like to download, if possible, the image generated of this zone in png, eps or shapefile. Regards
What is the simplest way to get the average of multiple raster images while ignore nodata? I am looking for the simplest approach to take the average across multiple raster images, which contain a lot of nan values. The mean value should ignore any nan. The gdal_calc does not work, because it outputs nodata when any nodata value is encoutered. Is there any simple approach with GDAL or python (with any package)? Prefer not to use ArcGIS.
Importing and synching polygons from a Google Spreadsheet into Carto - can it be done? I have used Google Spreadsheets as a way to provide our large organisation a way to update carto maps with new locations without needing to consistently contact the web/GIS teams but only with pushpins.I now have had a request to do this using polygons however I have no clue of if Carto will import (and synch) polygons from Google Spreadsheets and what format the geo-area field should be. The polygons do not change, just the values associated to the fields.Any help or a sample spreadsheet would be wonderful.e.g.<br>    District     | geojson | population |<br>    North East   | geojson | 2,340,000 |  
Intercepting QGIS panels closings? I would like to be able to intercept QGIS panels (QDockWidgets) closings. I read the API online help but i don't clearly understand it.Is there any usable close signal linked with dockWidgets? In a next step i would like to implement my own QDockWidgets with their own behaviour but ... how can i achieve this for existing integrated QGIS panels?
Edit large geojson data sets in Openlayers I'd like to edit a rather large collection (several MB of polygons and lines) with OpenLayers. What's the best way working with large data sets, considering client side (rendering) performance and server side scalability? We're currently using Geoserver on the backend side, though in order to enable scalable editing capabilities we're also looking into other directions.EDITI should add a bit more background. I expect lots of geometries, even when zoomed in. Consider very large venues where there are hundreds of stands / booths, besides also other indoor (floors and others) and outdoor (building) geometries. 
Merge layers that have different coordinate systems I need to merge two shapefiles and the issue is that one shapefile has WGS 84 coordinate system and the second OSGB 1936.When I try to do the trick with MMQGIS -> Combine -> Merge layers I get an output shapefile but the two layers do not match at all.
Creating new field with values from different fields QGIS I have combined different layers (vector) in a merged layer. All layers had one specific land-use type, so now the new layer has fields called 'tree', 'paved', 'building', 'water' and 'plants'. All these fields either have value 1 or 0. (1 for when this feature has the specific land use and 0 if it doesn't). This means that all features only have one '1' (either in tree, paved, building, water or plants). The other of those fields will then just have 0. Now I want to add those fields to a new field, so that this field has the type of land cover for each feature, (combine type of land cover into one field basically).How do I do this?
Getting relative XY coordinates EDITEDI started a project with CRS WGS 84 /Pseudo Mercator and I created a shapefile including point features in different locations around the globe. I have been already working on that for a while and all the operations done so far to measure distances and areas have worked fine enabling \"on-the-fly\" mode (eg. drawing poly-lines connecting these points, measuring the length of those poly-lines, density of the points, etc). Now I need to export XY coordinates of the points to use them as an input for a tool external to QGIS (csv, xlsx, or similar formats are fine), but I noticed that the values of XY coordinates do not reflect the actual ground distance between points at each location. For example, for 2 points located in Iceland being 600m away from each other on the x-axis, the difference of X coordinates is 1400m because of my initial choice of CRS. What I would need is XY coordinates relative to the location of each subset of points (eg, with origin on one of the points itself) reflecting the actual ground distance. Note that the geographical position of the points is not important anymore.Is there a way to extract those coordinates at this point, even with a poorly chosen initial CRS, or to reproject my point shapefile to a more suitable CRS, in order to be able to work with those coordinates?  
Connecting local QGIS to Docker container? I have a Docker container from PostgreSQL image installed. How do I connect my local QGIS app to my PostGIS database to view the map?
Is there a way to save and share topology rules in QGIS? I would like to create a set of topology rules and use them over and over again. I would also like to be able to share them with my team. Is there a way to do this in QGIS? I'm using QGIS 3.0 but I can switch to earlier versions of necessary. 
TileMap: How to convert MBTiles to RMaps SQLite? These two map formats look very similar (based on SQLite and Tiled Maps).I am looking for method to convert maps from mbtiles to RMaps SQLite and vice versa without quality lost.
Google My Maps importing gpx files I am able to successfully import gpx data to Google My Maps. Most of the gpx files I have imported are in English and I am able to move them into same layer. However, some gpx files are in another language and they can't be placed on the same layer as the English ones. Are there some tricks or tools to convert the gpx file to same format as the others?
Saving Shapefile - Zero Features Error I am using QGIS 3.02. I opened a GDB file in QGIS and saved it as a shapefile in EPSG: 4326. Now I want to save it in EPSG: 2264 but I am running into an issue. Every time I save it as EPSG: 2264 the features disappear - QGIS produces a layer with zero features, and nothing is visible on the map.What could be the issue?
Create a pivot table for m-n relationship in QGIS? My dataset comprises many polygons representing workspaces over a large area:-1 vector layer comprising my polygons (each polygon ID appears 1 time) For my online atlas however I need to obtain a pivot table layer as follows :-1 pivot table listing all the polygon couples less than 300 meters apart (each polygon ID appears over more than 1 line depending the nb neighbor polygons).I have no clue how to obtain this in QGIS. 
Displaying single symbol in legend for proportional symbol layer I'd like to be able to show just one line in the legend for my layer of multiple proportional symbols. Previously, my workaround was to create a secondary layer not displayed on the map, and to bring that into the legend to serve as a \"dummy\" symbol. But now, the client wants a .lyr file with symbology preserved, so I must be able to replicate a single-line legend feature. Is there any way to do this in ArcMap?
ArcGIS Server - Feature Access from view I want to create a Feature Access Service using an Oracle View as DataSource. In ArcMAP I can add the layer without problems, but when I try to publish the service, I get a \"00134: Layer's data source is not supported\" error.Any ideas why? I am using ArcGIS Desktop and Server, both version 10.3, and Oracle 12c
Style MapServer layers easily (or as easy as possible) I am working with MapServer WMS in the form of mapfiles and consuming them into a OpenLayers map.I am trying to find out a way to ease the symbolization process of the various layers in a mapfile.I have not started diving into the STYLE directive yet, but before I do that I'd like to know whether there's an easy way to (let's say) preview the style of my layers (an application?) and export it into a (e.g.) SLD which the MapServer can read.I don't know if this is the best (or feasible) way to go about styling mapfile's layers, but I am open to any kind of suggestion.
Split a large polygon with a layer of polylines or with a layer of polygons I have a large polygon, of about a size of a municipality and i want to split it in about 12 - 13 pieces by using a related layer of either polylines or polygons (buffered polylines).I tried using the Digitizing tools plugin but without success. I merge all the polylines or all the buffered polylines in order to have one feature that will be used to cut my municipality-polygon but it just does not work, without even have an error message. It just loads for a sec and then the municipality - polygon in still the same.I also tried the erase function (difference) but i do now know if there is a way to split it after it is clipped.
What does the extent mean when the map is rotated? QGIS 2.18.I have put a map into print composer and rotated the map clockwise by 45 degrees by setting \"Map rotation\" to 45 (it's what the client wants!).I'm struggling to get the region I want into the print composer.What do the extents (X min, Y min, X max, and Y max) mean when the map has been rotated?Or if that isn't a sensible question, how do I move the portion of the map that is shown in print composer? I need to move the map down and left in the rotated view (or equivalently move the window up and right).
Using ArcPy how do you get out a specific category from a shapefile I am using ArcPy and wanting to know is there a way to extract a specific category from a shapefile. For example I have a shapefile that I was given that is labled Kansas_pointOfInterest.shp, and I suppose to extract from that only churches (pts I suppose) from that shapefile. How is this done through ArcPy?
ogr2ogr apply sqlite dialect to multiple feature classes within a fgdb I have a quite many feature classes in a filegdb and they all have same data schema (same field names and etc).I wanted to apply a single sqlite query and I am having hard time to make a loop command<blockquote>  ogr2ogr -f \"filegdb\" -a_srs epsg:3857 -dialect sqlite -sql \"select scalecoords(geometry,0.0000000002), field1, field2, field3 from \"FEATURE_CLASSES_WITHIN_A_FILEGDB\" \"inputGDB_Dir\"  \"outputGDB_Dir\"</blockquote>what I did was simply applying <blockquote>  For /R %g in (inputGDB_Dir) do ogr2ogr -f \"filegdb\" -a_srs epsg:3857 -dialect sqlite -sql \"select scalecoords(geometry,0.0000000002), field1, field2, field3\" \"inputGDB_Dir %g\"  \"outputGDB_Dir\"</blockquote>and obviously, it does not work.I would like to know how to make a loop command using OGR2OGR
Adding text to label expression in QGIS? Using QGIS 2.18I have line feature and want to add a foot tick mark and a deg symbol to labelthe label as of now  shows \"dis\"   ||  \"Azimuth\" 339045I would like it to show3391' 45 degThe expression is simple and i know the answer is simple as well. 
Using ArcGIS definition query for dates? My attribute table contains a Start date in m/dd/yyyy format.  I would like to build a query that only shows data from current month forward.Does anyone know how to build a query or expression for this problem?
Download custom extent from WMTS I need to download image patches from a WMTS server. However, WMTS only allows to request tiles specified by row and column of the tile matrix.What I need to achieve is some kind of \"WMS-like\" query which lets me specify a spatial bounding box. I am aware that there is no server-side processing on WMTS servers. Therefore I am looking for a workaround.I achieve the desired result by adding the WMTS as a layer to QGIS and use the \"Save as...\" function of the layer, which lets me specify the spatial extent and resolution. Since I need to do this for ten-thousands of image patches I need to find a way to automate this. Unfortunately, FME does not have a reader for WMTS.Any ideas?
QGIS 3 - Shortest path layer to layer, not point! I'm trying to build a model that will calculate the shortest path from several origins to one destination.So I have 3 georeferenced vector layers:A line road networkA point layer containing terminalsA point layer containing a single point representing a millMy model does a few things to achieve these layers, but I think that is irrelevant for this question. Now I want to calculate the shortest path from each of the terminals to the mill. If I run the tool outside of the processing modeller its easy peasy, just choosing from the terminal layer to a point I click with the mouse on the map using the tool \"Shortests Path (layer to point)\". The thing is I want to automate this and in the model tool there is a box for coordinates instead of the mouse clicking part. I want QGIS to read the coordinates from the mill point in the vector layer and insert these in the coordinate box.
Analysing and mapping intersection of layers with one layer with overlapping Polygons I have one layer (a_layer) with approx 400 overlapping polygons and no more data as the fid. I want to analyse how many countys (b_layer) are coverd by each polygon of tha a_layer.I was thinking to do that with the report builder of QGIS.How to do that with python scripts and/or modeler in QGIS?How to fit this in report builder?
How to set a vector point on an exact lat/long coordinate I have a vector polygon I'm trying to edit, I'd like to use exact lat/long coordinates for one of the vector points. How can I do this?
Convert geohash to shape/kml I have a requirement where I need to convert a set of Geohash to KML files such that they can be used as areas to plot data by overlaying on map. Is anyone aware of an open resource which can help me with this conversion.
Normalizing a digital surface model? I am trying to generate a normalized DSM by subtracting the original DSM (oDSM) from the DTM. To generate the DTM I had to first use a median filter on the oDSM (remove noise) and then use a morphological filter on the cleaned oDSM. For the morphological filter I had to convert the oDSM to an 8bit from float32. Now, I need to finally subtract the oDSM from the morphologically operated DSM. I need to know if subtracting two different data type rasters is a problem. If yes, how can I convert the 8 bit back to a GTIFF? I am working with QGIS and R. 
Is the ground level cross section of a normalised lidar dataset flat? If I normalise a lidar dataset I am (according to my thinking) simply subtracting the first return heights from the ground heights. Thus the resulting dataset will only contains the height above ground and a mountainous region would then appear flat when visualised as a cross section profile. Is this correct?
Unsupervised classification in Google Earth Engine I know, an example of Unsupervised classification was given on GEE but it is not really unsupervised approach as it still needs training. I am looking for the way to perform unsupervised classification without giving training data and the algorithm groups the pixels with common characteristics (number of classes).Here is the link for the example: developers.google.com/earth-engine/clustering. I want a very simple unsupervised classification which does not need training. In any RS software, you have an option to simply apply unsupervised classification on an image without defining the classes. It only needs a number of classes and the software does the classification based on common characteristics.
Georeference multiple jpg through GDAL Is there any way to automatically georeference hundreds of jpeg images with known corner coordinates in a text file?
Atmospheric correction algorithm in Python or R for Landsat 7 ETM+ I am looking for an algorithm which can be tuned in python or R for atmospheric correction for Landsat 7 ETM. Searching Google I have found only a few algorithms in ENVI or ERDAS which are not possible to alter the parameters or maybe I am wrong. Can anyone help me to find an algorithm sufficient for Landsat 7 in order to perform atmospheric correction?  
QGIS - Calculate net area of classes after raster classification I searched on the net but could not get the specific answer. Request for the same.I have slope map of the area (in percent, derived from r.slope.aspect). I need 4 classes, as, area of slopes less than 5%, 5 to 15, 15 to 20 &amp; above 20%. I got it done using singleband psuedocolour. Now I need the net area for these 4 classes.How to achieve this in Qgis? Raster to Vector conversion should be avoided as possible. r.stats or r.report gives huge reports. It counts the individual cell instead of class &amp; process accordingly, I think. I only need area for above 4 categories.Or should I generate all together new raster maps, using raster calculator and with expression as Rasterlayer@1 &lt; 5, etc... &amp; again merge/ integrate into one final..
Concise learning resourses for OGC Filters or Filter Encoding Standard (fes) When I am doing HTTP GET requests to GeoServer it is fairly easy, but when I need to do http POST request I need to pass XML formatted parameters in the body and for filtering I need OGC filters and filter encoding standard of OGC.So I want to learn it, so from where should I start and what are the resources for that kindly exist?
Adding system tools to custom toolbox in ArcGIS Pro? I am still getting over the quirks of ArcGIS Pro, right now I want to create my own toolbox that contains some tools useful for my current project: hillshade, contour and kernel density. But it seems to me that there is no way to add system tools to a custom toolbox. Can this be done?
Changing date format in field name from d2000_5000 to Dddmmyyyy? I am trying to change the name of a field by using Python code where the current name is in the format (e.g.) d2000_5000, and 5000 is the decimal year (0,5 y) added to 2000. So i think that this can be done with the Alter Field tool, by extracting characters, then doing 365*5000/10000 to obtain days, and then adding these days to the initial date of 2000: 2000-01-01 + days (within a date sum that takes into account years with 29 days in Feb).Somebody can help me proposing a code snip to do it? 
pgShapeLoader cannot be opened because of a problem I installed the OpenGeo Suite 4.8 on MacOS 10.13. I can open pgadmin3 from the package, as well as PostGIS. When opening the pgShapeLoader I get the following error:  pgShapeLoader cannot be opened because of a problem.<br>Check with the developer to make sure pgShapeLoader works with this version of macOS. You may need to reinstall the application. Be sure to install any available updates for the application and macOS.  <blockquote>  Process:               pgShapeLoader-bin [8517] Path:<br>  /Applications/PostGIS  Utilities/pgShapeLoader.app/Contents/MacOS/pgShapeLoader Identifier:<br>  org.opengeo.pgShapeLoader Version:               ??? Code Type:<br>  X86-64 (Native) Parent Process:        ??? [1] Responsible:<br>  pgShapeLoader-bin [8517] User ID:               501    Date/Time:             2018-06-04 13:34:00.559 +0200 OS Version:<br>  Mac OS X 10.13.4 (17E199) Report Version:        12 Anonymous UUID:<br>  9D650379-9A83-3E81-917A-0F25D751B9FA    Sleep/Wake UUID:       1F5D21D1-952B-4A1E-92BC-3CFBF24AC271    Time Awake Since Boot: 100000 seconds Time Since Wake:       1100  seconds    System Integrity Protection: enabled    Crashed Thread:        0    Exception Type:        EXC_CRASH (SIGABRT) Exception Codes:<br>  0x0000000000000000, 0x0000000000000000 Exception Note:<br>  EXC_CORPSE_NOTIFY    Termination Reason:    DYLD, [0x4] Symbol missing    Application Specific Information: dyld: launch, loading dependent  libraries DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH=/Applications/PostGIS  Utilities/pgShapeLoader.app/Contents/Resources/lib    Dyld Error Message:   Symbol not found: _inflateValidate   Referenced  from:  /System/Library/Frameworks/ImageIO.framework/Versions/A/Resources/libPng.dylib  Expected in: /Applications/PostGIS  Utilities/pgShapeLoader.app/Contents/Resources/lib/libz.1.dylib  in  /System/Library/Frameworks/ImageIO.framework/Versions/A/Resources/libPng.dylib</blockquote>Does anybody understand what the error message is trying to tell me? Is there information in it that might help me to open pgShapeLoader?
Creating Thick Neatline using ArcGIS Desktop? How would I change the thickness of a neatline using ArcGIS 10.2.1? Alternatively, if neatline thickness can't be changed, how would I draw it with a rectangle with no fill and rounding?The map view is a rectangle occupying all but the top and the bottom of the neatline which have the title and legend respectively.
Replace NULL values in a DATE field? In a date field (TRTMT_DT) in a shapefile, how can I use ArcGIS Pro to replace all Null values with a filler date of '11/11/1111'?For my workflow I can't have any entries in this date field being I see there is no .replace function for non-string fields..For example, in the Calculate Field tool, the following code doesn't work:!TRTMT_DT!.replace('', '11/11/1111')I need this to work outside of an active ArcGIS Pro session, referring to feature classes stored on disk, not referring to layers in the Table Of Contents pane. My intention is to call the process as a model.
Table Join only returns first record from CSV table in QGIS 3.0.3 I have a .csv file that contains instances of hospitalization with diagnosis codes and zip codes and I want to join it to the corresponding polygons in the TIGER 2017 zcta510 shapefile. Every time I attempt to do this by selecting the Joins button in Layer Properties...then +...Join layer is my .csv import...join field is Zip...Target field is GEOID10.Anyway, it seems to be only importing the initial instance when each zip code should have multiple instances. I am trying to use the symbology tools to create a shaded view of where patients are coming from. I have a feeling that I'm missing something simple...but I've over-thought it now.
coordinate capture in QGIS 3.0 My understanding is that \"coordinate capture\" is \"built into\" QGIS 3.0 -- rather than being a plug-in.  However, I can't find where to start it.How do I navigate to that option and what do I need to do to have coordinate capture show as an icon?
QGIS showing decimal degree coordinates in map/layout composer display I am using QGIS (2.18 or 3.0) to create nautical charts drawing upon NOAA raster tiles and other info (e.g., lines showing magnetic north). I now want to save PDF files for different subareas using map composer. The subareas are quite varied but at times overlap slightly -- not a set of touching rectangles that could be done using the altas option.  To do this systematically, when completing a map composition I need to record the decimal degree coordinate for each corner of each map.  I was hoping that the \"coordinate capture\" plugin worked in the map composer, but I don't see that as being an option (e.g., icon).  If the coordinates in map composer showed as long/lat units, that would be sufficient, but clumsy.  However, MM are the units on the composer window even when the corresponding QGIS window shows long/lat coordinates.Can you suggest methods to capture the long/lat coordinates of the corners of maps in composer?  Even better, any suggestions on how to easily transfer the coordinate data to a spreadsheet?
Conceptual Question: Best Way to Map Multiple Layers I'm familiar with using QGIS, so this is not a technical question; it's more of a conceptual question. I'm mapping attendance of households at different meetings, and I specifically want to show which meeting or meetings households have attended. I've tried to show this using points, but the map is so large, it makes it look like the meetings haven't had many attendees. (We want to show that the meetings have been well attended.) Instead, I've been using polygons over each house parcel. The issue is that there are households that have been to multiple meetings but the map only shows whatever layer is on the top. I've also tried having the polygons with a line fill, but that didn't work too well. Does anyone have any suggestions for improving this?
Allowing user to choose multiple input files in ArcGIS ModelBuilder? I have built a basic model to run some calculations on a number of feature classes in Model Builder. These tools include Merge, Delete Identical, Make Table, Select Layer Attribute, Delete Rows and a Make XY event layer. Currently the model has a number of feature classes added directly to the model.At the beginning, I would like the user to be able to choose which feature classes they add for processing. It should look like the options you get when using the Merge Tool in ArcMap where the user can browse to the files to be processed. The files could be anywhere on the PC and not necessarily in the same workspace.Is this possible?
storage in dams on a river system above specific points I want to find the storage in dams snapped to a set of polylines defining rivers above specific points on each river.Using ArcMap 10.3 I have the polylines representing rivers, the points denoting dams, snapped to the river polylines, with a storage variable, and the points on the rivers where I want to calculate the cumulative upstream dam storage.How to proceed?
Calculating area weighted average of attribute in one shapefile using a separate grid shapefile I have a detailed polygon shapefile with streets, structures/houses, and open areas as land cover data in the attributes table, and each land cover type has a corresponding manning 'n' value associated with it in another column in the table. The manning 'n' value is in decimal format.  I also have a 20'x20' grid shapefile from another program (FLO-2D) with specific grid numbers in the attribute table.  I would like to overlay the grid on the land cover file to obtain a weighted manning 'n' value for each 20'x20' grid based on the percentage of land cover type that lies within each 20'x20' grid.  There are approximately 400,000 grid cells in the shapefile.  Both shapefiles have the same projection.  I'm using ArcMap 10.4 desktop, but do have the spatial analyst extension. The final product I need is the 20'x20' grid shapefile with a weighted average value of manning 'n' for each grid number in the attribute table.I've tried the zonal statistics and the zonal statistics as table, but the results did not make sense.  Is this possible with the 10.4 desktop version and only the spatial analyst?
Connect multipart polygon with lines to one label I have several one-part and multipart polygons that I want to label. I Set X and Y values to move the label to a certain position and want to connect the label to the polygon using the following expression in a geometry generator:<blockquote>  make_line(   point_on_surface(  $geometry ),  make_point( \"Label_X\" ,   \"Label_Y\" ))</blockquote>I want the line to connect from the label to every part of a multipart Polygon.Is this possible?
Creating evenly spaced grid for QGIS composer to show overlap in Map? I would like to create an evenly spaced, overlapping grid so that I can use the QGIS ATLAS to display a large mapping extent with a little bit of overlap between each image of the Composer. I am working in QGIS 2.18.14 and have not been able to figure this one out. I have tried using the 'Grids for Atlas' Plug-in but it does not give the option to set a uniform Extent when using its dynamic grid option.
Creating relationship class in QGIS for uploading to ArcGIS Online? Since I don't have the advanced license for ArcGIS Pro, I'm trying to create relationship class in other programs. Would ArcGIS Online support relationship (O-M) created through another program (such as QGIS or FME)?
Getting features from a multi-spectral image What are the features that are present in a multi-spectral image which can be used for classification? Also, how do we get these values from the multi-spectral image?I am using Python environment.
Count Polygons in Buffer using ArcMap? I'm using ArcMap and work with a dataset that contains all the buildings of north rhine-westphalia. This dataset contains different attributes for every object.My task is to count all neighboring buildings of a building. For that I create a buffer (100m) for every building and want count every other building within this buffer. How do I do that?Additionally, how do I get the mean height of all buildings in this buffer?
Labeled grouping by geometry in QGIS? I have a layer of lines that represent stretches of electrical conductors. These sections have a point of origin and an end point. One of its attributes is the length of each of the sections.Some of these sections have the same point of origin and the same ending point, so when I label these lines by their length, this repeated data appears for each of the lines and the data is repeated.I need that when labeling the layer, only the label of one of the lines appears, that is, that the distance between each of the points is represented. I have tried to do it by means of a labeling based on rules, and some function of aggregation by geometry, so that only one label is shown for each space between points.
Unable to edit file geodatabase: How do I fix it? I have different geodatabase for different project. When I start projectA.mxd which connects to projectA.gdb, I cannot create and edit feature class inside. However, when I start projectB.mxd, I can create and edit projectA.gdb.Why???? How can I fix it?I am using ArcMap 10.1.
Use python code to extract all attributes shapefile I am using ArcGIS 10.2. How to use ArcPy code to extract every row in the attribute table and save each row to separate shapefiles?
Make Raster Layer with Overlapping Images I am trying to set up a template which will display different maps based on layer definitions. One of the layers is a raster layer. Is it possible to combine a number of overlapping images into a single layer so specific images can be selected with a definition query?
How to create a surface with a slope of 2%? I am working on a project where I have a polygon of a basin that I should create his base whose elevation begins at -1m and go down in every direction with a slope of 2%. Does anyone know how to do it automatically using ArcGIS?
Is it possible to put the projection of a map of a layout in a text label in a layout in QGIS? I would like to be able to have a text label in a print designer with the information of the projection of a map in QGIS. That way, if I change the projection of a project, I would change that information within the layout.I think I've seen a variable map_src, but I can not find a way to use it.
How to make the selection transparent in QGIS 3.0? Despite setting the layer or the symbology of the features to semi-transparent, when performing a selection, the features become solid. I want to edit those features based on properties of the features/background image below them. How can I set a transparency when features are selected?
Trying to build a model to get all layers(same name, different folders and different geodatabase) into one I have over 3000 folders, each folders have a geodatabase and each geodatabase consist of a layer name called \"lot\". I want to merge the all the \"lot\" layers into one layer shapefile, my gis knowledge is very limited and would like to ask some insights or tools i can use in this situation? I am thinking of these tools, and thinking how to plug each tool inside modelbuilder :Iterate Feature classes (find the name of \"lot\")?,Parse path,Rename
Performing QGIS layer reprojection? I am very new to QGIS and GIS itself. I have a shapefile, which was created using Pulkovo 1995/GK zone 9(EPSG:20009) and I want to transform it to new CRS, specifically WGS84(EPSG:4326). So the main question is what is the best way to do so?I have tried to use the Reprojection Layer feature but the coordinates of my layer doesn't change, even if my CRS changed formally. For example: I am creating new project and define the project CRS as Pulkovo1995. Then I load the original layer and everything seems OK. In the next step I use Reprojection Layer and my layer disappears until I change the project CRS to WGS84. But the coordinates of the objects remains the same. I cannot see this layer on ESRI maps nor load it into Google Earth. Save As function doesn't help also. 
Joining table of single house layer to zone layer by location using ArcGIS Pro? I have a layer which shows all the single house polygon. I also have a zone layer which shows the boundary of different regions.I would like to see which region each single house polygon is in, like having a field in single house polygon attribute table, stating which region does it fall to.If the polygon falls under 2 regions' boundaries, i want it to belong in the region with the larger section of the house polygon.Tried spatial join however there are no matching fields to do so
Finding source code of \"fill sinks (wang and liu)\" I would like to use the source code of \"fill sinks (wang and liu)\".  I checked through QGIS3 folders, but could not find much related to it. Anyone know where the code could be?
Finding the \"square\" bounding boxes of a country I want to find the square bounding boxes that cover a country, of different sizes.First off, I know that they won't really be square, but just going by the numbers they can be said to be.The main challenge I have is I don't know where get the data of the points of the countries and/or the borders.  After that I think I can calculate the boxes by iterating over them.Let's say I want do this for the continental US and with boxes of size 50 (lat, lon), then I can easily do this manually.  The first box (starting from NW) would be [[50, -150], [0, -100]], and the second is [[50, -150], [0, -100]], and I'm done.Now let's say the size is 25, and now the first box is [[50, -125], [25, -100]].  I will end up with more boxes but a more defined area and overall smaller.  I guess another term could be \"search grid\" calculations.Is there any publicly available datasets or APIs that I can use to determine if a bounding box or a point belongs to a country?
correlation matrix and p-value in grass I'd like to know if there is a way to obtain statistical significance and p-value for correlation coefficients calculated for different raster in grass with the command r.covarAll that I obtain is the correlation matrix, but no information on statistical significance of these values. 
Saving NDVI TIFF file as txt file in ArcGIS Desktop? I have to use elevation data (dem.tif) and NDVI data (ndvi.tif) as covariates for regression kriging and I want both these files as txt files.How do I do this?
Performing COST PATH in ArcMap? I have a tiff raster dataset serving as cost raster, created a start point and destination point serving as feature source data for performing COST PATH in ArcMap 10.4.Since the tiff raster layer contains no attribute table, I performed INT to get one. However, this new-made attribute table does not contain the value for each pixel.I have also performed RASTER to POINT to get the value of each pixel. But I cannot join this table to INT attribute table.  I am wondering if this is the reason I failed to get a normal result of COST DISTANCE  and COST BACKLINK.Besides, I have already tried performing PATHWAY in IDRISI. But it failed too.
Merging two processes in QGIS3 to one? Is there any way to merge several processes in QGIS3 into one process? Or is there a way to look at the source code of different processes under QGIS3 and combine them under one function? I am trying to create one file (in Python) with all the processes under one single process.
Generating a table of distances between points and edges of nearest polygons? I have two shapefiles, one of made up of country borders and one made up of points randomly dotted around an ocean.  How do I generate a table of all the distances between the points and the closest edge of a polygon?So for each point I will have a distance to it's nearest polygon/country.  I've looked at generating a near table but found that I only got distances to one plate (for all the points). Let me know if you need any more information.
Creating line from existing point in specific compass bearings using QGIS? I am trying to measure the distances from points in the ocean to land and these distances need to be measure from the point at different compass bearings (i.e. every 5 degrees). I am using QGIS V2.18.21I am working from an estimated central location of London array, Longitude 1.4950, Latitude 51.6270. I would like to understand how to measure the distances from this point to the coastline, which I have as a vector polygon layer, at a every 5 degrees on a compass.
Clip a large raster (TIFF) by a shapefile with a lot of polygons I want to clip a large raster file (1.8 GB) by a shapefile with more than 100 smaller polygons. The polygons have the size of under 1% of the TIFF image. I'll tried to use the clip function of QGIS, but when I start it, my whole system freezes in one second.I tried it with only one smaller polygon and it worked. My workstation should manage the workload. I have 98 GB of RAM, a Xeon six core CPU and even a Titan GPU (if QGIS can utilize it). In the best case I want to loop over every polygon and save every polygon as one file by it id name. 
ArcMap geoprocessing tools/field calculator for batch assignment of line segments What method works best to batch-assign line segment records falling on polygon boundaries, where one side of the street (line) is one city (polygon) value and the other side is a different value?
Buffering with rectangular end caps and not dissolving I am using QGIS to attempt to achieve what should be a simple task.I need to buffer a polygon layer with flat end caps, and without dissolving the resulting layer. In QGIS there are 3 tools for buffering:v.buffer GRASS commandFixed Distance buffer in Vector > GeoprocessingGDAL Buffer vectors toolv.buffer allows controlling the end cap style and whether the resulting layer is dissolved or not.Fixed distance buffer in Vector > Geoprocessing outputs an undissolved buffer layer, however the edges are round and overlap. It doesn't seem possible to control the end cap type for the edges.GDAL buffer vectors tool presents a similar problematic to Fixed distance buffer in Vector>Geoprocessing tools.How do I achieve a discontinuous (undissolved) buffer with flat edges in the QGIS environment?
Convert dwg (CAD) to shp in any open source GIS software? I would like to do what's needed in a GIS (GRASS, QGIS, etc) alone, no other converters-only.The process is to read the dwg files that would be located in a folder and read them as shp and perform calculations like snapping later or using a geodatabase to store the files and later export them as shp.
Euclidean distance and connecting lines between polygons using ArcMap? I have a large set of polygons. I want to (1) calculate pairwise distances between polygons (so one polygon should be connected to several others). I can do this using the generate table in ArcMap. and then (2) I want a lines connecting these polygons (again one to many/many to one) that can link to the  distance file. The only way I can think of doing this is through linkage mapper, but I dont want all the least-cost etc analysis, which is very time consuming. Is there a simpler way to do this using ArcMap 10.5?
Joining attibutes by location + aggregation per field I am  new to QGIS.I have a point layer (water permits) and several buffer layers (different distances from WWTPs). I can use \"join attibutes by location\" and find out the number of points and the sum of one of the fields (water demand) within the areas, and so far so good. However, I would like to aggregate water demand according to the values of another field (of the water permits layer) that describes the types of water users (industrial segment, cultures irrigated etc.). How can I do that without splitting the water demand layer by type of user? That's what first came to mind, but I guess there are clever ways to do it...I'm using QGIS 2.18.18 (3.0 or later not running well here).
NDVI error over vegetated surfaces and water I performed an NDVI analysis using Qgis 2.18 'Las Palmas' of an area of Landsat 7 (wrs_path 168, wrs_row 061),date 2007-12-25 and Landsat 8 (same path and row) date 2017-12-28.  I clipped both images to x max and x min (36.59588, 36.79113)and y max and y min (-1.29795 and -1.46917).thereafter i used raster calculator to perform the NDVI formula -NDVI=(NIR-RED)/(NIR+RED)for each image,to generate two image outputs,one for 2007 and the other for 2017.The issue is that the NDVI values for vegetation of the 2017 output image are too low, with negative even and shockingly water has a positive value of +1, which is a dam located at latlong (-1.44070, 36.69519).  2007 values were sensible but why this weird values in 2017?
Opensource bus route planner Since I have little coding skills, I'm looking for an open source bus route planner that consumes GTFS data (That I have to create myself), All I could find was OpenRouteService, and although it has some pretty nice features, the bus routing informations are very lacking (no bus numbers, stations name, transit...), Looking for something similar to Google Transit.
Calculating NDVI of ONLY desired region using ArcGIS Desktop? I want to Calculate NDVI of my Surrounding Area using Landsat 8.I have Calculated NDVI but it is rather a very big region.Can NDVI be calculated for a small specified region or can I extract my desired region from calculated NDVI?
Iterate over GEE assets in Python script and mixing local and server side objects I have below two questions that are related together:1- Can I iterate over items in my GEE assets in Python script? If yes, how?2- My understanding is that all the images and features (and their collections) are server side objects and I can not define an image based on a local file on my computer and then for example clip a Landsat image in GEE repository with it, am I right?
Is any map with calculated NDVI available online? Is there any map which has NDVI calculated?Where can I get highest multispectral satellite image which could be zoom to very large extent?
How to fill polygons with patterns in Carto using polygon-pattern-file? I'm trying to create a layer in Carto with three categories of transparent hatching of different colors.I understand how to use the polygon-pattern-file Carto CSS style but am wondering where I can access existing patterns or how to upload my own patterns. It seems like you can't upload .png's to Carto and I can't figure out where else you are supposed to host them in order to get URL's. I can't seem to find any documentation on this.
Supervised Classification Imagery for rooftops I'm trying to do a supervised classification in ArcPro that will allow me to find Tar and Gravel rooftops in Miami. I have Landsat data but just wondering if there is imagery out there with better spacial resolution that might work better? 
Potree Converter - adding to output folder later - duplicate names issue I use the Potree Converter (Windows application) to bulk convert .LAZ files and generate them into a (shared) output folder.  This works great, as each output file/folder generated is uniquely named.If I want to convert more .LAZ files in the future and save them to the same output folder, some of the generated output files get allocated the names for files that already exist in the output folder.  I have checked the file sizes of the duplicate files and they are different - indicating they are indeed different files.  I do not want to overwrite any files unless they are the same file (i.e. contain the same data).The only way around this issue I can see is to convert ALL the .LAZ files again - something that is obviously not practical - considering I have TBs worth of source .LAZ files.Could someone tell me if it is possible to \"add\" to the output folder ensuring the latest files generated have names unique to the output folder?As a very basic example, the shared directory contains the following files:r.hrcr.lazr0.lazIf I want to add to this directory later by converting some latest source data, chances are the above files will be re-created but for the latest source data.I do not wish to have to store the latest files in a new directory.
Geocoding sensitive addresses without API I have a large set of sensitive addresses that I need to Geocode on a server.  I cannot send them to an external API due to HIPAA restrictions.  Ideally I'd love to use an open source solution, even if it is not perfect.  Any ideas?
How to iterate through date and time text file, line by line? I am building a model on ArcGIS and I am now trying to iterate through a text file that contains in each line date and time information.I tried to do that on Model Builder, only I used the get field tool but I couldn't figure out how to iterate line per line.
Creating Vector MBTiles? I am searching for a tool to generate vector-tiles that I can then display using the Mapbox Map-View.We currently have a postgres database with all of our data. What is the best tool to generate vector mbtile tiles?What would be awesome it a tool where we can (ideally with a GUI) define what kind of data is embedded into the tiles at which zoom level.If we could gather the information from our postgres database would also be cool, so we can pack all the information we need into the vector tiles.
Direction of two lines (turn right or left) There are two connected lines (EPSG:4326 line1, line2). When the direction of the two lines is from line1 to line2, I want to do a calculation to determine whether the direction is left or right.
Embedding ArcMap map (*.mxd) in blog? I am learning ArcGIS so there is a lot I still need to learn. I created a map in ArcMap and want to insert this map on my blog. Basically, I want to embed it. But all I can find is how to embed a map I make on ArcGIS On Line. How do I take this map (mxd extension) and put it on my blog? I did upload it in to my content on line if that is needed. 
Installing Anaconda for Python 3.6 without wrecking Python 2.7 I have both Python 2.7 with ArcGIS 10.5 Desktop and Python 3.6 with ArcGIS Pro. A few weeks back, I tried to install Anaconda (w/ Conda, Spyder, Jupyter, etc..) and it somehow overwrote my system settings for Python 2.7 (as well as pip). I noticed that I could no longer use pip or import stuff in 2.7. I uninstalled Anaconda and the updated version of pip (it somehow updated the pip version) and everything in 2.7 worked again. Any suggestions on reinstalling Anaconda without wrecking my Python 2.7 development environment again?  
Making colours proportional to value field, continuously and not discretely as with graduated colours classification in ArcGIS Desktop? Under symbology in ArcGIS, there's the option to graduate colours given a value field, a colour ramp, and some classification.How do you make the colour graduation continuous (rather than discrete as with the classification)? Either continuous along an existing colour ramp or by being able to specify colour values directly through functions for each RGB/HSB channel?It seems like pretty basic functionality to be able to provide more than the maximum of 32 levels of classification, so I hope I'm just missing something. Maybe I'm not using the right terminology because I haven't found any results by searching yet.
Is there an easy way to implement INSPIRE model in PostGIS? I need to implement INSPIRE (Infrastructure for Spatial Information in the European Community) model in PostGIS.I searched everywhere but couldn't find SQL file, or any other implementation that I could download. Is there any way to quickly auto generate empty tables with all relations, or do I have to manually generate 400+ tables?
What are the sources for old (1998 or earlier) satellite or aerial photos of the (southern) Netherlands? Our municipality says that our garden is too big, according too the cadastre. If we can prove the situation has been already there for twenty years, then they won't charge us for the extra space our garden takes in.As this is the case, I'm looking to prove this. I have already tried Google Earth and Google Earth Engine, where the first didn't go back enough and the latter wasn't detailed enough. So I am looking for any source of detailed satellite/aerial photos of the southern part of the Netherlands. They don't have to be free per se, altough it is a pro.After request: the garden is about 40m\u00b2 and the dispute is about an area of 10m\u00b2 therefore 1pixel to 1m\u00b2 resolution would be sufficient
Trigger to SELECT schema rows based on WHERE condition I am learning about triggers.Generally it seems triggers are employed on the backend to perform some action on a schema. I was interested if it was possible for a trigger to return data on a SELECT statement to the main application.In the table I'm working with we have several string columns followed with a geom (geometry::polygon) column which would contain the WKBT LAT/LONG values.I'd like to return the rows which meet some WHERE clause AND also return the geom [LAT/LON] in WKBT format. By return I am interested in returning data to the main application.I seek any examples.Currently I build a list of all our column names {colA, colB, colC, colD} and then append the following as the last entry: public.ST_ASText(geom). So I obtain a SELECT as follows....SELECT colA, colB, colC colD, public.ST_AsText(geom) FROM schemaA WHERE .So the crux of the problem here I cannot use SELECT * since I must convert the geom (LAT/LON pairs) to WKBT and this must be in the select along with every other column name defined, whether I use that column data or not.  I definitely require the geom column in WKBT format. This is passed via our DEVART interface.I was wondering if there is a better way to do this, 
Mapping values by Census Tract - California I was able to map values by county in California, but I am trying to map by census tract. I downloaded the census tract file from census bureau and it shows 8,041 values. For the values, I pulled in the census block. How do I get the census block to match up to the cb_2017_06_tract_500k shapefile? The values in this attribute table are StateF, CountyFP, TractCE, AFFGEOID, GEOID, NAME, LSAD, ALAND, and AWATER.
Changing coordinate of point shapefile in ArcGIS using ArcPy? I'm working on coding a function in ArcGIS trying to measure the number of pixels between a point (feature class) and its nearest building horizontally within a UDEM raster, then return the number.Here is my idea:Execute Zonal Statistics as Table and create a cursor to see whether the value in output table equals 0(the elevation of ground in my UDEM are set to 0 while elevation of building remain the real value)If so(value=0), make x coordinate plus one, which means move the point 1 meter to the right(the resolution is 1\u00d71) and refresh the coordinate of the point.Iterate over step2 until the value doesn't equal 0,thus showing the location of point has moved to the \"boundary\" and I'll know the distance.My problem now is having no idea how to perform Step2. I tried some code to change its location  but doesn't work.
Leaflet Marker autoPan option According to the Leaflet docs the marker's autoPan option works like this:<blockquote>  Set it to true if you want the map to do panning animation when marker  hits the edges.</blockquote>What does 'the marker hits the edges' mean?When I set the option to true and add a new marker right on the edge or outside of the current view, the map does not automatically move.
QGis 3.0 Multiuser Access How does multiuser access work in QGis 3.0?Can multiple people open and edit the same object in a layer and save it at the same time? (Edit: Yes, but it may cause loss of data) <br>Does it warn you before overwriting or does it update automatically after someone edits it? (Edit: No) <br>I am using shapefile data at the moment.<br>Does it work with that or do I have to set up a database-server? <br>If yes, how can I do so?Main goals of the database:all users have read/wirite accessdata edited by multiple users at the same time gives the second user a notification/warning before saving
How to create a polygon from a Print Composer or Print Layout map extent in QGIS? How do you create a polygon from a QGIS Print Composer or Print Layout map extent (i.e. a polygon that is the exact area shown in a map within a print composer/layout)?Ultimately I would like to do this for an entire atlas so I would like to do this in as automatic a way as possible, but I would even just be content with a rather manual solution too!
What is the most convenient coordinates format to store data for spatial queries: WGS84 or OSGB36? I have datasets that come in different coordinate formats as WGS84 (4326) and OSGB36 (27700).Clients are consuming the \"published\" data as format WGS84.So at the moment, all the data since the earliest stages are saved as WGS84.However all the intermediate transformations are based on ST_Intersects, ST_DWithin, etc. So can I consider as rule of thumb: working with data as OSGB36 for faster calculations (cartesian coordinates) and converting to WGS84 only for the published data?
How to obtain the difference between two time fields in hh:mm:ss format? I have to 2 date fields in a table, ALARMTIME and ARRIVETIME.  I want to acquire the difference between the two in a new RESPONSE_TIME field in ArcGIS.<br>The only successful field calculation I could get is the answer in seconds using:DateDiff (\"s\[ALARMTIME], [ARRIVETIME] )But if I have 8:05:00am - 8:02:32am, I'd like to see 00:02:28 or 02:28 or 2:28 instead of 148 seconds.  Please help.  My response time field is a double.  I couldn't get any calcs to work using a date field.
Displaying labels from a lower zoom level? In QGIS, is there a way to \"pin\" labels and features from a lower zoom level so that they appear higher up?For instance, considering a map of the US, it would be impossibly cluttered to show every local road and town on a national scale. What if for instance, I wanted to take a specific road and the cities along it, and pin their labels such that these few features appeared even on a national scale? For example, could I take the section of I90 that runs through South Dakota and ensure that it and each town along the road appeared at all zoom levels?I'm using QuickMapServices for base maps, but suspect this is something that can be done more generally if at all.
How to plot a point on the highest elevation of a raster on a polygon. QGIS I have a shp with more than 1700 polygons on a elevation raster.I need to plot a point that represents the highest altitude location within the polygons, and then export those points as a new shp. 
How to use the datasets in the workspace in a \"PythonCreator\" transformer? I have 2 datasets in my workspace and I want to use \"PythonCreator\" transformer to create a new feature base on those datasets in my workspace but I don't know how to use workspace datasets in \"PythonCreator\" transformer. Could you help me?
How to use the datasets in the workspace in a \"PythonCreator\" transformer? I have 2 datasets in my workspace and I want to use \"PythonCreator\" transformer to create a new feature base on those datasets in my workspace but I don't know how to use workspace datasets in \"PythonCreator\" transformer. Could you help me?
QGIS Issue with 3D view altitude binding I'm running into an issue with the 3D view in QGIS.I have a DEM, which is displaying correctly and a building footprints polygon layer from OSM. It is draping correctly as a 2d polygon on the DEM in the 3D view, but when I go into the 3D View settings and enable 3D view rendering for the buildings layer to 'extrude' them, the 3D polygons are displaying far above the DEM vertically. I have switched the Altitude Binding to Terrain, which I believe should adhere them to the DEM since I have the DEM defined as the terrain in the 3D view, but nothing changes.
ArcGIS Online: How to export layer data? I have created an application using ArcGIS Online. I have some layers in it. Now I want a complete report of all layers means I want to export/download layer data in any format.So Is there any solution or APIs, through which we can query the layers and download the data?
Moving points to the largest polygon within another polygon I need to move a large number of points (street addresses) into the largest polygon (a building, usually a house) within another polygon (taxlot).  The idea here is to put an address point into a house, not a garage or other outbuilding.  Its easy enough to use snap to put it into a building but it needs to be the right one and size seems to be the only option.  Shape_area has been calculated for each building.How would I go about doing this?  The solutions I've tried wind up putting some points into smaller buildings.License type = Advanced
New Mexico Township and Range Shapefile I'm having difficulty locating a shapefile for New Mexico PLSS Townships and Ranges.  Does anyone have recommendations on where to find this data. 
ArcGIS - Flow directions in the 4 cardinal directions only (North, East, South and West) I would like to know if there is a way to calculate the flow directions in the 4 cardinal directions only (North, East, South and West). Indeed, ArcGIS transfers the flows in the 8 directions, which I don't want.Does anyone have any idea how to proceed?
Line/Polygon intersection with a tolerance in QGIS I have a layer with Polygon and a layer with Polylines.I am looking for the list of Polygons crossed by the Polylines.Just here it's relatively simple: intersection function.That said, the layout of the line is not perfect, so I would like to exclude polygon for which the line only touches the polygon contour or does not fit more than 1m into the polygon.
QGIS projected coords vs lat/longs in coordinate capture My project CRS is 23031 (ED50,UTM 31N).Lat long coords displayed in Coordinate Capture are WGS84. How can I get ED50 lat longs when using coordinate capture? Is there a GUI coordinate transform utility that will go back and forwards between projected coords and lat longs in my choice of datum or spheroid?
Convert easting and northing to degrees north and west I need to convert:Easting 2451890.770 Northing 7438891.286The location is in Dumfries, New Brunswick. I\u2019m assuming it\u2019s UTM from other search results I\u2019ve seen. I have NO idea what to doTo degrees north and degrees west. How? Am I missing some piece of info?
Choosing map projection by territory like ArcMap (but without ArcMap) When I worked with ArcMap, I had no problem with choosing projection<blockquote>  ArcMap has a large number of predefined projections organized by world, continent, and country. You can navigate quickly to appropriate projections for any part of the world.</blockquote>My current employer did not buy ArcMap, but I still need to choose an appropriate projection for my tasks. For example, I have got a list of coordinates in degrees (WGS84). I need to define (for example)some distances in meters areas in square metersmidpoints centroidsSo, I need to select appropriate projection, transform original coordinated to this projection, make calculation, and sometimes transform result back to WGS84. For this purposes I need mechanism to select the appropriate projection. What is it?
Auto generating waypoints to a GPX file along track (hiking path - not as crow flies) I have used Google Maps to build a list of waypoints for a trail I want to hike but the waypoints are simply my start, end and maybe a couple of points of interest for my day and any campgrounds along the route.I now have all of this data in a GPX file for importing into my GPS, but it keeps reporting distance as the crow flies to the next waypoint instead of distance along the trail. I have since learned that the fix is to add a metric boatload of waypoints to my tracks. Is there any way to auto-generate waypoints along the track line between two existing waypoints that follows the trail line instead of line-of-site?I keep seeing people pointing to GPSBabel (but that only does line-of-site) or suggestions to manually add points.
Change Legend Right to Left Reading in QGIS I am a new QGIS user and i have a challenge to convert legend from right to left reading in QGIS like ArcGIS.
Find the extent of a GeoJSON FeatureCollection How can I get of the extent of all features within a GeoJSON FeatureCollection with Python 3? One extent for all features, not one per feature. The Feature collection includes multiple points features and multiple LineStrings features.
Horizon line of a vector point from terrain raster - global mapper Is there a possibility to calculate the horizon line of a point with global mapper, not the viewshed, but just a line (or polygon) joining all the furthermost points from A and are at the same time seen from it.
Exporting GeoTIFFs from QGIS I would like to export my map as a GeoTIFF in QGIS. My workflow is as follows: Project - Import/export - export map to image\u2026I have two questions about this: instead of saving the image as a GeoTIFF, QGIS saves it as a normal TIFF file and a world-file. How can I export it as a single GeoTIFF?Also, when I re-import the image into QGIS, it returns the error message that the coordinate system is not defined. How can I export the image correctly with the coordinate system, which I had put for the map?
Join attributes of polygons to another polygon feature based on location QGIS I have two large polygon data-sets. One highlights the building footprints for a county and the other highlights the parcel boundaries for the same county. Some parcel polygon features have multiple building footprint polygons that are within the boundary of the parcel polygon. I want to take each individual building footprint polygon feature and join the parcel ID number to each building footprint feature that lies within the larger perspective parcel polygon feature it's located in. The actual exported feature I want in the end are the building footprint features with the parcel ID # in the attributes.
Select features in a polygon that covered the most by features of another polygon layer QGIS I am working in QGIS. I have 2 polygon layers,One layer is the parcel polygons layer for a county called \"Parcel\"The other layer is the building footprints polygon layer for the same county called \"BuildingFootprint\"The building footprints features overlap multiple parcel polygons. I want to select the parcel polygons that the building footprint overlaps the most (majority). So for example, if I have two parcel polygon features overlapped by one building footprint feature, I want to select the parcel polygon that is covered by 90% of the building footprint feature and not select the parcel polygon feature that is covered by 10% of the building footprint. Uncovering a way to select the parcel that is covered by majority of the building footprint will then allow me to join that particular parcel feature's number to the building footrpint feature's attribute table.
Get max or min value How can I get the max or min value of one image?I don't know what's the function is in GEE.I have to use this for vegetation coverageFor example:[1,2,3, 4,5,6, 7,8,9]max:9;min:1
Geoserver MVT v2 Is there a geoserver extension (2.13.x) to generate MVT in spec v2 or some plan to include it within the extension or other plugins that allow to generate mvt v2?
QGIS: I can barely see the labels in layer panel So, I finally bit the bullet and upgraded to QGIS 3.2.3 Bonn.  However, for layers that are not turned on the font is a super light grey in the layer panel and I can barely read it.  How can I change what this looks like so I won't need to get glasses in 6 months?
How to calculate mean value of a raster for each polygon in a shapefile I wrote a Python script who calculate, for rasters, mean value for each polygon of a shapefile. But I think that it's a \"war machine\" (it takes many treatment time) and I would like to simplify it.Is somebody know a simple way to do it?I'm using geopandas for shapefile manipulations.
Road graph plugin in QGIS 3.2.2 Where can the Road Graph plugin be found in QGIS 3.2.2? It is not among the plugins.
Spatial distribution based on point data I have a specified geometric boundry with three data sets that correspond to rainfall measurements at three stations of which two are outside of the geometry and one inside. I would like to find a rainfall distribution (no matter how approximate it is) for the whole geometry according to these three data sets. How could I do this?
Populating field with values based on another value using ArcPy? How do I populate a field y with info1 or Info2 values, depending on the value of the x field, using if conditions?
Installing NextGIS Connect into QGIS 3? Just acquired free version of NEXTGIS and trying to install the plugin for QGIS. It tells me it was not designed for version 3 of QGIS.How do I set up the QGIS-NEXTGIS interface then?
QGIS Line Subdivide by distance I know in QGIS you can subdivide a line, but is there a way you can type in a distance and the line will split according to this, with the last segment being smaller in length? If not I will try to script this in Python.
Using \"Difference\" geoprocessing tool on Big Data taking a very long time I am using QGIS Bonn 3.2.3.I've recently been using the Difference function to calculate a list of points and it is taking a terribly long time. I was wondering if you could point out any obvious mistakes or better ways of solving my problem.My end goal is to create a list of properties in Scotland that are likely to have a poor internet connection. I do it by considering two sets of points: Properties and Cabinets. There are about 3.5mln properties and 20k cabinets. The data sources are a .csv text fileThen I draw a 1km buffer around the cabinets and run there difference function to find the properties which are more than 1km away from cabinets. Sounds pretty simple and everything works except that the calculation took 25 hours to finish and QGIS wasn't even using 10% of my computer's resources. And I am finding myself having to repeat a similar calculation for telephone exchanges and cabinets as well as for different distances in other UK countries. Current overall computation time estimate is over a week. And that's assuming I get it right the first timeMy question: Is there a way of making QGIS use more of my computer's resources to finish the calculation faster or is there some other functionality I might use? Please share some other tips and tricks that could help me out.At the moment, I feel like QGIS isn't the right tool for my task. I am considering writing a python script to compute this problem but (if possible) I would much rather have it run in QGIS.
Exporting map to KML using ArcMap? I've been trying to convert a map from ArcMap to KML without exit. The issue is that I want to export the complete map, not only the layers in the data frame but also legend, symbols, grid ticks and so on but the Map to KML tool does not have an option (as far as I know) to keep them. I must do it in ArcMap so does anyone know how to do it? 
Limiting the search widget results to a country in ArcGIS JS API 4.9 I'm using the Search widget in the 4.9 version of the javascript API. Can I limit the results to a given country when using the default geocoding service?
Draw a mask on a TIFF file I have a raster (TIFF file) and I would like to draw a mask on it.So, I basically create a shapefile and draw polygons on the area I wanted to mask.Then, I would like to rasterize this shapefile by creating a raster with the same extent than the raster file. This new raster must have only 0 and 1 values (1 for accepting value, 0 for not accepting).The problem is that with the common Vector to Raster on the default plugin of QGIS, if I select the raster to get the extent (on the options), it's creating a TIFF with the initial raster value and change only the value on the polygon.I can't draw these kind of mask on PhotoShop because the TIFF is on int16 and so, if I open it on PhotoShop I have a black image.At this stage, the image isn't referenced. I just want to overlay a mask of 0-1 value upside the initial raster.Is there a simple way to do tha? I can't find anything on the web... Plugin \"Mask\" don't do what I want.
Static Tables and/or Tabs in ArcGIS Pro Layout Is it possible to create a non-dynamic/static table in a layout in ArcGIS Pro? I would like to create a table to act as a revision box. If not a table, can text be entered with tabs and tab stops instead?The only help I can find about tables relates to dynamic tables that populate automatically based upon the map.
\"Parse error at line 1 column 1\" when using QConsolidate3 to share QGIS projects I am trying to save a project and layers as a zip file to share with colleagues but I am receiving an error message when I do so:<blockquote>  Parse error at line 1 column 1</blockquote>I am using QGIS desktop 3.2.3 and QConsolidate3.
Showing overland flow route on DEM in QGIS? I've been asked to produce a risk map at work which will show the possible flood route from sewers that surcharge (flood) during heavy rainfall. This is basically where I know the x-y coordinate (OS National Grid Ref. as I'm in the UK) of a number of manholes we know sometimes flood, and I have a 2 metre x 2 metre Digital Elevation Model (Raster) from the UK Environment Agency that covers the area in question.Basically I need a method that looks at the elevation at the point each manhole occurs at, and then looks at the elevation of each raster square around that point. If a square is at the same or lower elevation then assume that square is at risk of flooding, and for each of THOSE squares, look around again and identify further squares at the same or lower elevation. Keep going until there are no more directly connected squares at the same or lower elevation, and this is the total area that could be at risk.It doesn't need to account for volumes or the speed at which this might happen, just literally all connected raster squares at the same or lower elevation as the origin point.I know how to use QGIS fairly well and it's all I have access to at work.
How to display pie charts in a web map created using QGIS? I have created a web map to show some sales information using QGIS with Leaflet library.I wonder if there is a way to show pie charts in the same web map as a separate layer?Although pie charts are visible in the QGIS desktop version, it disappears when it converts to a web map.I guess there should be a way to edit the HTML file to make pie charts visible. I would be extremely grateful if anyone of you can shed some knowledge on this.
Listing all point items in polygon? I'm trying to get a list of all points (from a point layer) that can be found in a unique rectangle polygon.Input layer 1: points (address data)<br>Input layer 2: rectangle polygon layer (created with research tools, create grid)I used the grid to create an atlas and now my goal is, to get different lists, that show me what page contains what addresses. As output I need a list with all addresses and an \"extra column\" that shows me on what atlas page I can find each address. So that I can take the right page when someone gives me an address to find.If there is a function to analyse that, I'm unable to find it.
Using Model to equally distribute points, spatially within known geometry using ArcGIS ModelBuilder? Is it possible to create a model in ArcGIS ModelBuilder where you simply state number of points and an area in the form of a polygon to get the model to try and equally space out the points based on the geometry of the polygon and number of points?
Changing the attribute table view in QGIS 3? How does one change the Attribute table view on QGIS 3?An initial answer says to use the \"Switch to Table view\" button but I can't seem to find this button.
Clipped raster not retained when saved I have clipped a raster to exact polygon outline using image analysis (ArcMap 10). The resulting temporary clip layer is exactly how I want it to be. However, when I export/save the temporary clip layer it is no longer clipped exactly to the clipping polygon. Can anyone suggest why this might be and how to work around?
Copy Polygon from one feature class to another, but auto create relationship records FYI, I have a very limited GIS background, but I can author code.I have a Stands (polygon) layer and I want a user to be able to copy stand(s) from this layer and paste it to another polygon layer (say a HarvestActivity). When the paste occurs I want to record the following in a related table of the HarvestActivity feature class that the polys were pasted into. StandId - Id of stand from source \"stand\" layerAreaOfStand - this is the area of the polygon of the HarvestActivity layer that covers a stand from the stands layer.AreaPercent - the percentage ratio to the original standAnother important note is that if someone edits the polygons in the activity layer, i.e. cuts or extend it. then the related table needs to be updated (changing the ratios, adding records, deleting records) automatically.E.g. If I extend a polygon in the HarvestActivity Layer and that polygon overlaps with 3 stands in the stands layer then we would need to have 3 records created.What is the best way to handle this in the GIS world? We will be using Portal and ArcGis Online, thus support of offline sync needs to be also considered.
Open the object attribute dialog for a selected feature with the Python QGIS API I want to open the attribute dialog programmatically for a selected feature. I need to achieve the same effect as if the user clicks on the \"object identify\" action ( CTRL + SHIFT + I).I searched the QGIS API docs for QGIS 3.2 but I was unable to find a solution.I found the classes QgsAttributeFormInterface and QgsMapToolIdentifyFeature, but I was not able to use them in a useful way.I also tried to trigger the action from the toolbar, but I guess I need some kind of click event with x,y coordinates for this to work.Does anyone know if you can open the attribute dialog from a plugin programmatically?Andi
Analysing landuse data in a buffer layer In my project I want to analyse the landuse around some points within a certain radius. So I created a buffer around my points but I have no idea how QGIS could probably tell me what different landuses are laying inside of the buffers (like 2 km\u00b2 forest, 3 km\u00b2 residential etc.). I have already loaded a vector layer which shows the different landuses in the whole area in general on the map.
Sorting by row already pre-selected polygons by location by line? I have two layers. One with small Polygons and one with a line. I want to select all Polygons which intersect with the line. Additionally the selected Polygons should be sorted by the order of the line, as a line has always a start and a end. The first polygon that intersects at the start of the line should be on top of the attribute table. The second one on second place and so on.
Error in change of projection from Lat/Long to UTM Why does the the DEM when converted to UTM Zone 43N system give all values as 0 in QGIS? I followed the standard procedure of saving the parent layer and then assigning the CRS. When I open the same in ENVI, after editing the header and reassigning the projection of the parent layer, I can see that the units are in metres, but the same when opened in QGIS renders geographic lat/lon system.
Exporting SQL Server .bak files to a shapefile? I have no experience using Microsoft SQL Server at all. Someone gave me a .bak file of their database and said that I can extract their spatial data that way. They said that they would not export them as JSON, KML, or shapefiles for me.So... how can I open the .bak file and export the tables/data that I need as shapefiles? I am currently downloading SQL Server Express. I have very limited knowledge of SQL.
Hack's law for river basins The hacks law relates the longest stream length with the catchment area of the basin. How can one construct a hack's distribution for a basin and upto what scale the sub basins have to be taken as each stream will have it's own catchment area, using GIS?  
Dissolve polygons based on number of polygons How can I dissolve group of polygons into many polygons based on specific number?For example I have 100 points which are beside each other I need to dissolve each nearest 5 polygons into 1.
How to compute a partial OD matrix over a network, given the origin and destination? I have two point layers, one of origin and one of targets. Every origin point refer to a specific target point. I would like to compute the cost of the travel between every starting point and his target point, and then join the output table to the origin point layer to show origin points who are \"badly affected\". I have tried to use the Qneat3 plugin, but it generates an OD-matrix for every couple of points in the origin and target layer. I have also tried to use the destination's ID field as unique ID for the origin point, in order to be able to filter my output OD-matrix, but I'm then unable to perform the join between the table and the origin point layer. 
Calculating nearest distance between polygons according to attribute field in ArcGIS Desktop? I have a two polygon shapefiles, one shapefile\u00a0is a zoning\u00a0and the second one is a census tract. Now I want to calculate distance from boundary of tract to closest boundary of each zone type (R, C, etc). Because of that I have dissolved all zones according to zone type and now\u00a0I want to have in each census tract information about nearest distance to the all zone types (distance to C, distance to R, etc...). I am using ArcGIS 10.4 and have trid to use NEAR tool,  spatial join but I can't get a distances to all zone types,  just to the nearest one. Also I want to have a zero distance value if each tract contain the zone type or intersect it.
Zoom into Attribute Table Itself in QGIS? How do I zoom into the attribute table in QGIS? I need to see the cells and text a lot larger.With the attribute table in arcgis, as with any program today, I could zoom in by holding the control key and turn the wheel on my mouse. I need to do that in qgis, zoom into the attribute table itself. This is seriously limiting me in using the program, kind of driving me crazy.Everything I'm looking for talks about how to zoom to a selected feature, I can't seem to word the question right when searching.
QGIS does not export heatmap SLD-files At the moment I am creating a webmap with PostGIS and GeoServer. I want to style the data using SLD-files, because my data keeps updating.I have made SLD-files for Points and Polygons and that worked. (I imported the data in QGIS, then styled the data and exported the SLD-file, which I then imported as a style in GeoServer. When I changed the data in the database, then (for example) the color changed of the polygon in the WMS-layer created by GeoServer.)Now I did the same with a heatmap. I imported the data in QGIS, made a heatmap and tried to export a SLD-file. Unfortunately, this does not work. The file contains the following sentence:FeatureRendererV2 heatmapRenderer not implemented yet-->I cannot use this SLD-file now for GeoServer.What do I need to do to make this work?
Edit and transform XML/GML files I'm searching for an approach as someone who just started to work with geodata recently. It's about the following situation: I received several XML files. I need to perform a geometric difference task between 2 objects, and export it afterwards to XML or GML again. Using QGIS doesn't seem to work here as for no proper export, also for having no automation when the same tasks need to be repeated for new source data. I read about the GDAL library and PostGIS database, I can just make a guess that this is what I'm looking for, I cannot really say it for sure as I'm not able to overlook it all. Can someone tell me if this is what I'm looking for and give general steps on how to proceed?
Downloading road map of specific country from Planet OSM and using it in ArcGIS Desktop for analysis? I'm working on a project where the roads system information is essential. The targeted is an African country, namely Nigeria, therefore the data source is quite scarce. The only possible source I was provided with is Planet OSM. I have only used ArcGIS and have never worked with OSM before. I've been reading the wiki and documentation on OSM, but I've been confounded and overwhelmed by the amount of information on the topic and not found a good way to proceed.I tried to export the entire country directly from OSM, but the size is too large. And on Planet OSM, I can't seem to find files just for Nigeria. Is there a way to do it without downloading the file for the whole planet?Since I haven't actually figured out a way to download the data. I'm wondering if you can distinguish between land use/land cover features in an OSM file. In my case, that would be: how to get the road data/map.And I see that the file format of OSM data is either XML or PBF. How to convert and use them in ArcGIS then?
Adding Properties to a feature in Google Earth Engine Is there a way to add a property to a feature in the GEE. I know that you can edit existing properties with set(), but haven't found a way to add a property.
How can I carry over attributes from a GIS .shp to a SnakeGrid MicroStation .dgn, using FME? I have the SnakeGrid projector so can convert coordinate systems but can't seem to carry the attributes over (I have tried AttribueManager and AttributeCopier). Also, can I input several .shp and run a batch to export as .dgn with attributes carried over?
Exporting text based PDF from ArcMap using ArcPy? I'm trying to create a report style output from ArcMap or ArcGIS Pro. The first page would be a map of a state with all locations of restaurants that are in the state. Then there would be a second page that gets exported that is a list of all of the restaurants from the first page map, sourced from a field in the data table. Before I chew away at writing a python script, does anyone know if the second page is possible from ArcGIS or at least Python?
Add a bookmark in Google Earth Engine I'd like to know how I add a bookmark in Google Earth Engine. I need to add a marker to mark a certain area.
Keeping raster table values in new vector file in ArcMap? I have calculated the time cost of a series of paths from prehistoric sites to their nearest water sources using the cost path tool.I now want to convert the raster outputs I created to a vector polyline, but when I do, the new vector table doesn't keep the \"PATHCOST\" raster values and I am left only with the shape length.I could copy the data I need manually, but I would have to do this hundred's of times. How can I do this Automatically?
Italic fonts in QGIS 3.4 How can I apply italic fonts for labels and print composer in QGIS 3.4? The option seems to be disabled.
How to create buffers around points in ArcMap when there is a lack of OID I want to create buffers around points in ArcMap. Using the Buffer (Analyst) tool, I indicated 100m buffers around my points of interest.I get the error:ERROR 000339: Input price, ads (v8) - school.csv Events does not have OIDsFailed to execute (Buffer).Failed at Wed Nov 07 16:49:00 2018 (Elapsed Time: 0.01 seconds)The points are in a CSV file. How do I correct this error in order to generate the buffers?
Using iteration in Model Builder for Clipping features in an ArcGIS File Geodatabase I have to Clip the data in a file Geodatabase in which there are about 80 Feature Datasets which includes about 20 feature classes in each one of the Feature Datasets. I have created the model once which iteration of \"Feature Classes\once with \"Datasets\" and once with \" Workspace\". I was able to do some clipping but None of them do it through the whole GDB and just get the first Feature dataset. How can I make it automatically for the whole FGDB?
Saving raster to BigTIFF in QGIS? Using QGIS 3.4, I am trying to merge multiple DEMs downloaded from the National Map Viewer that are in ArcGRID format (Arc/Info Binary Grid). The output will be a large file so I can't use any of the formats limited to 2 or 4GB in size. I would like to save it as a BigTIFF but I don't know how to distinguish that from a TIFF in the merge raster dialogue box. I tried to save it as TIFF but it failed as file was over 4GB. How do I save merged rasters as BigTIFF or, if this is not possible, how do I merge rasters to produce the smallest possible file size? 
How to edit geometry of multiple layers simultaneously in QGIS 3? I have several line layers (route, pipes, cables) that share the same geometry and would like to edit them simultaneously. Is there a way to easily snap the geometry of the pipes and cables layers to the route layer so that I can simply change the geometry of the route layer and don't have to repeat all changes on the other two layers as well?To clarify, I plan a fibreglass route and have three layers. The first one describes the route that I have to take to pass all homes that have to be connected. The second one contains the pipes in which the cables lie and the third layer is the cable layer. So all features on those layers have to have the same geometry. Once I change the pathway of the route layer, I have to apply the same changes to the other two layers to ensure that they are still aligned with the route layer.I'm not sure whether I understand your comments correctly, but I use the basic editing tools in QGIS 3.
Hiding NULL text in attributes using QGIS? In QGIS 3, how do I hide the 'NULL' text from empty attributes?QGIS 2.18 has a setting for that, but can't find it in QGIS 3.4.
Android App to help digitizing point layers on a Tablet In QGIS, using a pen on my touchscreen PC I can I can digitize a lot of points (e.g. 14000 pts in 2 hours) faster than with a mouse: without having the attribute form to show up I simply need to touch the screen where the point should be rather than moving the pointer with the mouse and clicking. Unfortunately, I have a collaborator that does not have a touchscreen PC. Does anybody knows if:Is there any app for android tablets that can be used to achievethe same goal?It is possible in some way to take advantage of the touch screenof an Adroid tablet to help digitizing?
Using Raster Quartiles in ArcMap? I have two raster layers with a count and value in the attribute table but when I try to reclassify with count and equal interval quartiles the classification reverts back to \"value\" in the symbology. I need to be able to get the symbology  to be based on count and not value. This is important because I need to create a new layer such that only the highest quartiles from the 2 layers are shown. How can this be accomplished? Regarding previous operations I needed to specify certain land cover features such that water was removed so I used a reclassify and then ascribed nodata to water...then I used a extract by mask so the DEM layer also removed water. Then I performed 2 different hillshades with different azimuth and altitudes and these layers are what need to be classified correctly so they can be added. 
Point Cluster in QGIS and Legend I am using the point cluster symbology in QGIS and have defined the size of each point based on the cluster size using @cluster_size in the size assistant. It looks great on my map, but I cannot figure out how to add the size symbology for the variable to my legend in the map composer to create a map for a presentation/publication.
Calculating percentage of overlap between 2 features from 2 different layers using ArcGIS Desktop? I have two layers. Layer 1 has features that are property/parcels with area in acres. Layer 2 has features that are wetlands/bodies of water with area in acres. I want to calculate parcels that have for example 0% wetlands, 10% wetlands, 20% wetlands, 30% wetlands etc. to 100% wetlands. How can I do this on ArcGIS Desktop? Ideally, I want to find parcels/properties that have a limited number or a limited percentage of wetland coverage.
Clipping/cropping/masking a raster tile layer in Mapbox GL JS I'm loading Landsat tiles into a Mapbox GL JS map via an AWS S3 tile server, and this is working OK, but what I'd really like to do is clip the tile layer to a GeoJSON polygon which is loaded in another layer. By this I mean instead of showing the whole image, which in this case covers a huge area, it would just show the part of the image that lies within the boundaries of the GeoJSON polygon - in this case an area of approx 2.5ha. Note that I'm working with irregular polygons too rather than just rectangular bounding boxes.My first thought was that I might be able to achieve this by somehow setting the raster layer in a fill parameter for the GeoJSON layer, but that doesn't seem to be possible. Then I thought maybe the GeoJSON layer could be given as a 'mask' or 'clip' parameter when loading the raster layer, but there doesn't seem to be any support for this either.Has anyone else worked out a way to do this? I'd really like to do it with Javascript if possible, but Python may be an option.
Extracting data from string for query? I am attempting to identify utility poles that require inspection. Currently, the feature has a field containing the pole's birthmark in a string format and an installation date field (with the majority being null values at the moment). The birthmark field is formatted as 40-5-18 where 40 is the height, 5 is the class, and 18 is the year. I need a Python solution to capture the last two digits of the birth mark string and either update the installation date field to some arbitrary date in the corresponding year or select values (&lt; or > a particular year) using a mathematical operator. The ultimate goal is to be able to query poles due for inspection based on the date of the birthmark or installation. Thoughts?
How can I enable topological editing in QGIS 3 How can I enable topological editing (create shared nodes on adjacent polygons or intersecting lines) and also activate the option to prevent polygon overlap (that when a new polygon is drawn, its portions that overlap on pre existing polygons is automatically removed) in QGIS version 3? In prior versions these setting were found in Settings->Snapping Options menu.
Creating unique cell values for raster? I have a raster which shows the probability that a cell will be used (raster_Use). I also have a points file that shows mortality locations (points_Morts). I have overlain points_Morts onto raster_Use and extracted the probability of use for each mortality location. I also need to extract the cell ID from raster_Use for each mortality point in points_Morts. I've tried converting the raster_Use to a polygon but I've received the following error: \"ERROR 000864 Input raster: The input is not within the defined domain. ERROR 000863: Invalid GP data type.\" I read in another thread that a solution is to change the raster values from a float to an integer. I've tried that but the resulting raster only contained 0s because the values are between 0 and 1 and thus rounding down to 0. My next thought is to create another raster that's identical to raster_Use that contains 1...n unique values and then extract those values to the points_Morts file. I can't figure out how to do so. Does anyone have an idea of how to do so?Edit: @Luke provided a great answer, but unfortunately it doesn't quite work. To expand on why it doesn't, identifying the column and row numbers creates a key for the points file but there still isn't a key for all cells in raster_Use. So I know which cells points_Morts falls in, however, I don't know the ID for cells in raster_Use that don't contain points from points_Morts. I tried converting raster_Use to a points object and then implemented @Luke's solution, but the Raster to Points tool creates 4 points for every raster cell instead of 1. Ideally, I would like to start with a cell (e.g., the lower left corner cell) and assign it a value of 1 then continue onto the next cell assigning a value in ascending order. Edit2: So I misunderstood Luke's question on \"why?\" I'm doing this. I am validating the predictive ability of a model. Raster_Use is my prediction and points_morts is my validation dataset. I'm validating my model by grouping the cells from raster_Use into 20 equal-area bins. Expected use is the predicted value for each grid cell. I place these cells into 20 equal-area bins and then summed by bin and standardize to 1. Observed use is the frequency of mortality locations in each grid cell, summed by bin and then standardized to 1. After that, I'll use linear regression to regress observed vs predicted use where the slope of the regression relationship between observed and expected provides an assessment of the predictive abilities of the model. 
Using GeoPandas, Shapely and Fiona to \"select\" state from shapefile, save it and display it? I have the usual US census states shapefile for the 48 contiguous states. I am trying to select a state of interest from that shapefile then save that shapefile and display. I want to use GeoPandas, Shapely, Fiona to do this. Any ideas on how this could be done?
Selecting Features in Visible Viewshed Areas using QGIS? In QGIS 3.2 I have a viewshed raster and a shapefile with point featuresI'd like to select the points that intersect the visible areas of my viewshed. Is there a way to extract a vector of my visible areas so that I can then Select by Location? 
Deleting overlap between two polyline layers in ArcMap? I have two stream layers and they overlap, I want to delete this overlap on one layer so I do not repeat any information. How do I do this? I can only seem to find information regarding polygons.
Accessing raster values to create histogram using ArcPy? Using native Python and arcpy function what method is best to create a histogram of raster dataset? I know it's possible to use raterio and GDAL functions, but I would like to keep it a arcpy and native Python.Specifically I am working on a script to delineate watersheds and I would like to create a raster based on the values in a flow accumulation raster dataset. From the calculated raster I would then convert to vector stream layers. The ultimate goal is to be able to create separate stream order layers.
ArcGIS Map Package editing I created a map package on my desktop, and copied the folder containing it and a geodatabase containing feature classes that were in the map to my laptop. On my laptop version, I edited one of the feature classes. When I copied my laptop version of the map package back to my desktop (to a different folder than the original) and opened it, it did not show the edited version of my feature class, but rather the original feature class. I assumed that the edits I made were being made to the geodatabase that I copied to the laptop and that the map package would have referenced that. But it did not. Apparently, when you make a map package, it packages up all files, whether or not you 'pack' them with it in the folder you're transferring to another computer. Is it not good practice to use a map package as a working copy, when editing features? Should I have saved a copy of the map package as an .mxd, then packaged that before transferring it back to my desktop? How could I have avoided this problem? 
ArcGIS Server - Deleted service We are having a major issue. We are using ArcGIS Enterprise for our workgroup projects for multi-user editing. Long story short we had a project on a service and this morning it was gone. No trace of it whatsoever. I can't even find a file with the corresponding service name.I'm trying to figure out what happened. Is there a way to check a log of activity? Such as seeing what happened to different services, changes, publishes, deleted services and so on?This is a major problem in our office and we need to find out what happened and our periodic back-up does not cut it.
Do I need to do Radiometric Normalization for time series analysis, if I'm using L2_Landsat8_SR data? I'm doing some forest change detection across several years using L2_Landsat8 Surface Reflectance data. And I am implementing the method available in R (landsat::relnorm) for relative radiometric normalization of the images, so they can be compared between dates. But someone mentioned that the SR_Landsat8 images are already normalized, although I haven't managed to find any information confirming this. Not sure if he was referring to something else.Could someone clarify whether I need to normalize all the images of the time series using a master image or whether Level 2 Surface Reflectance data are ready to be compared between dates?
Is it possible to serve vector tiles directly from S3? I have seen that it is possible to use S3 as a storage backend for vector tile servers such as Tegola. These work by fetching the tile from S3, then serving it through an application server.Is there any possible mechanism by which tiles would be fetched directly from S3 in the browser? Having a massively scalable infrastructure like S3 piped through a tiny server seems like a bottleneck to be avoided.
Existing C++ libraries that convert ESRI shapefile to DXF/DWG Is there any C++ library that can convert ESRI Shapefile to DXF/DWG file? I seek a link/or sample on how this can be done with the said C++ library. I'm aware that one can do this with ArcGIS Desktop application itself, but this is not what I want. I want to write code that can do this with my own UI.
QGIS raster calculator is not keeping each pixel with 1 byte I have a raster where 1 pixel = 1 byte. I want to change every value different than zero to 1, transforming a gray scale into black &amp; white. I think the expression should be:\"my_raster@1\" > 0The output format is GeoTIFF. It works, but the final size is four times bigger than the uncompressed GeoTIFF (each pixel is using a 32-bit integer, when it should use a 8-bit, as in the original). How to solve this?(I also noted that the values became 1 and nan, instead of 1 and 0. If anyone can explain this too, I'll be grateful. And if it's not an abuse, why doesn't it save a compressed TIFF?)
Can QGIS do color transformation from RGB to IHS (Intensity,Hue,Saturation)? I need to transform RGB map to IHS is that feature available in QGIS?
Relation between scale factor and standard meridians/parallels Let's use transverse Mercator with a custom zone, with central meridian 30, the zone is 3 degrees wide at the equator, with a scale factor k=1, it means that the cylinder touching the spheroid along the central meridian. However, with scale factor k=0.9996, the cylinder is secant of the spheroid at two meridians, one at right of Central Meridian and the other at left. How to find these meridians for a given scale factor k at equator?
Creating VRT or index of large amount of aerial images to create mosaic in QGIS? I have about 1600 aerial images that I want to create a mosaic of. I tried doing about 400 at a time in a VRT, it's extremely slow (been building polygons for about 15 minutes now + the 20 minutes it took to build the VRT). Is there a more efficent way to do this, like by creating an index somehow? To be honest I don't know exactly what that entails, but I noticed at my job we keep large amounts of tiles indexed in an excel file, you load the file into arcmap and bam you've got a snappy large scale mosaic. Can I do something to the same effect in QGIS?
Reverse Engineering of Vector tiles and Tiles Security I am using the following workflow to generate and visualize vector tiles.Store edited shapefile to PostGISCreate vector tiles using Tippecanoe from PostGIS dataServe vector tiles through Tileserver-GLNow when I am inspecting the resultant map site I found the pbf files in Network section. It contains some hexadecimal values. I am using proprietary dataset. This dataset is confidential. I want to know is this secured method? If there is any way of reverse engineering the PBF files of vector tiles what is that and how can I protect my tiles or data security?
r.mapcalculator I am using QGIS 2.18.25. I'm struggling to use r.mapcalc to calculate the ndvi for a workbook project. R.mapcalculator is shown on the workbook I'm using and seems simpler to use. Is there a plug-in to load this onto my version or a more user friendly GRASS tool in the version I'm using
How to downgrade from ubuntugis-unstable to ubuntugis-stable I have some problems with gdal and I would like to downgrade all of my ubuntugis related libraries on Ubuntu 16.04 again to the stable libraries. How can I do that?
Data goes missing in Esri file geodatabase We currently operate a system whereby survey data is collected in the field, exported in shapefile format, edited and then appended into a file geodatabase using the Load function in ArcCatalog. This all works nicely.However, when I create new features within geodatabase feature classes using ArcGIS Desktop: Editor -> Start Editing -> Create New Features, or copy and paste features between feature classes during an ArcGIS Desktop editing session, they have disappeared the next time I access the geodatabase.I have a feeling that this is because the newly created or pasted feature classes have no attribute data.  None of the fields are required apart from FID/OID. Can anyone confirm or say otherwise?
Using Split By Attributes in ArcGIS ModelBuilder? I wish to use \"split by attribute\" tool in ArcGIS ModelBuilder to split a shapefile (points with metadata) into different groups based on a parameter. The tool works and creates for example 4 .dpf files in the given folder but it does not seem to want to add these new files (tables) into ArcGIS automatically even though I specify \"add to display\but more importantly the output of the tool in ModelBuilder seems to be a dead-end that I cannot run any analysis on. This is a bottleneck in my model as I want my model to carry on working on these data sets. How can I do that?
Snapping two line shapefiles according to attribute field value using ArcGIS Desktop? I have a two line shapefiles (Trace.shp and Snap.shp). There is a GIS_ID field in both files.  Now I want to snap \"Snap.shp\" to \"Trace.shp\" according to GIS_ID value. I have tried to use Snap tool for ArcGIS Desktop but I am not sure about the results because using that solution I am not sure that line is snapped to the right line from another layer with the same GIS_ID. I want to do that using ArcGIS 10.4
How to visualize multiband imagery using rasterio? How do I plot a satellite image using rasterio? I'm able to plot the individual bands but not the entire image. Is there a way to combine the separate R, G, B numpy arrays to create a standard RGB image?
Calculating the area covered by a polygon feature within a buffer area of a point in QGIS I have two datasets - one of points from bird nesting data and one of the extent of woodland. I have created 2km buffers around each nesting point and I want to find out what area of woodland there is within each point buffer. Can someone point me in the right direction as to what process I use here?
Interacting OpenLayers with GeoServer I am new to OpenLayers. I need guidance on below.I am able to create map using OpenLayers and able to create polygon interactions on the map and able to extract as GeoJSON object with coordinates.Now I need to send this GeoJSON request to my GeoServer to get the intersected grids on the OpenLayers (grids are configured in GeoServer).How can I achieve this using RESTful API?
Determining if route self intersects using Java? I have a sequence of coordinates (lat,lng) defining a route. How can I determine whether this route is self intersecting? I am trying to implement a Java method for this, but I have been unsuccessful so far. 
Finding area of three overlaying rasters in ArcMap? I have to find the area of three overlaying rasters which are DEM,LULC and Total Evapotranspiration at the same time so that I can find the landuse landcover area and evapotranspiration of land at a particular elevation.I have used Tabulate area when just 2 of these overlaying rasters come but don't know which tool to use when three rasters are coming at the same time.
Getting error while importing GeoPandas in Python console I have installed GeoPandas and its dependencies using pip install package_name. Here is the pip list output:Package         Version     attrs           18.2.0<br>Click           7.0<br>click-plugins   1.0.4<br>cligj           0.5.0<br>cycler          0.10.0<br>descartes       1.1.0<br>Fiona           1.8.4<br>geographiclib   1.49<br>geopandas       0.4.0<br>geopy           1.18.1<br>kiwisolver      1.0.1<br>matplotlib      2.2.3<br>munch           2.3.2<br>numpy           1.15.4<br>pandas          0.22.0<br>pip             18.1<br>psycopg2        2.7.6.1<br>pyparsing       2.3.0<br>pyproj          1.9.5.1<br>PySAL           1.14.4.post2python-dateutil 2.7.5<br>pytz            2018.7<br>Rtree           0.8.3<br>scipy           1.2.0<br>setuptools      40.6.3<br>Shapely         1.6.4.post2 six             1.12.0<br>wheel           0.32.3But as soon as i am importing it in Python console as <blockquote>  import geopandas</blockquote>I am getting an error as <blockquote>  Traceback (most recent call last):   File \"\line 1, in     File  \"/home/rajesh/panda_projects/env/lib/python3.4/site-packages/geopandas/init.py\ line 1, in       from geopandas.geoseries import GeoSeries   File \"/home/rajesh/panda_projects/env/lib/python3.4/site-packages/geopandas/geoseries.py\ line 5, in       from pandas import Series   File \"/home/rajesh/panda_projects/env/lib/python3.4/site-packages/pandas/init.py\ line 26, in       from pandas._libs import (hashtable as _hashtable,   File \"/home/rajesh/panda_projects/env/lib/python3.4/site-packages/pandas/_libs/init.py\ line 4, in       from .tslib import iNaT, NaT, Timestamp, Timedelta, OutOfBoundsDatetime   File \"pandas/_libs/src/numpy.pxd\line 865, in  init pandas._libs.tslib ValueError: numpy.ufunc has the wrong size,  try recompiling. Expected 192, got 216</blockquote>What is the solution for this?
How to turn a string field with 2 numbers in two numerical fields in the atribute table? I have a feature class with a big number of features. In the attribute table I have a string field made from two numbers separated by an underline (e.g.: 0_1, 98_237, 31_31...). I want to create two new numerical (long integer) fields with the numbers before and after the underline (e.g.: 0_1 0 1, 98_237 98 237, 31_31 31 31...)How can I do this using field calculator?
How to Classify With Multiple Ancillary Datasets using QGIS? I've tried using the classifiers in ArcMap which only supports one ancillary dataset and I tried using Orfeo in QGIS 2.18, though the Orfeo Image Classification tool does not accept any ancillary raster datasets. I can create a training model using multiple bands and images in Orfeo but Image Classification only accepts one raster file so I can't feed it the extra ancillary data I used during the training.Besides the original satellite image, I want to add in NDVI, NDWI, and DEM's to help the classifier just so you guys have an idea of what I'm trying to do. I haven't come across something like this besides creating a completely custom classifier. How do I Classify With Multiple Ancillary Datasets using QGIS?EDIT: I've figured it out. I just make a new composite raster image which includes the ancillary data as additional bands or create a virtual raster catalog. This way I can use the new composite raster with classifiers in any Remote Sensing software which often accepts only 1 raster file at a time. I've already tested this with my low spectral resolution data and it helped my classification output by adding NDVI and a NDWI as extra bands.
Can I programmatically output the same map with different shp files? I have 39 different .shp files of the same locations but different data values and I need to output a map for each of them.  Is there a way to build a map template and then run a process that will loop through each .shp file and output a map, either .pdf or .png, of the map template with the individual .shp files?  
Zooming/panning map in QGIS layout independently from frame? I am coming from ArcMap. Working in the layout view, I had buttons to zoom/pan data and other buttons to zoom/pan the view itself. In QGIS, I can't seem to be able to achieve this. The only buttons I have are for zooming/panning the view not the data(the same happens when I use the mouse scroll wheel).Any way to achieve this?
How can I create RGB composite from a set of rasters I have a lot of 4 bands rasters with bands: blue-green-red-NIR, and I need to create 3 bands rasters with bands: red-green-blue. How I can automizate this process using QGIS? 
Inputting CSV in QGIS graphical modeler and defining its geometry Is it possible to have a model in QGIS graphical modeller which accepts a CSV with geometry fields and then allows you to use them for the rest of the model as if it was a vector file?This is required so I can bypass having to import the CSV into QGIS and defining it there before adding it to a model.
Using graduate and categorize in QGIS? I'm using a .csv detailing types of renewable energy in the UK. I want to display them as different colours for the types of energy (e.g. wind, solar, gas etc.) but also a different size symbol based on the energy output.All the information is in the .csv file and I am able to perform these two styles independently, but I can't work out how to do this together.  I'm new to GIS so just getting the hang of things!
Exporting symbols rather than points in .dxf I have a map I've made in QGIS which is points from a .csv file. These have then be turned into different symbols based on what they represent and then the sizes of said symbols based on values in the .csv.I need to export this as a .dxf to use in AutoCAD so it basically looks the same as it does in QGIS. However, when I do so it just exports as single dots (points). Is there a way I can export them as the symbols as I can see in QGIS?
CARTO polygon styles How do I assign polygon colors in CARTO based on whether it is a positive or negative number? For example, I want the range of negatives to be one color, and the range of positives another, with a gradient in each.
Extract By Mask - Raster Horizontal Shift Is there a way to snap a raster/DEM to a mosaic dataset?I am using the Extract By Mask tool in ArcPro on a mosaic dataset. The output raster's cell values do not match the original mosaic dataset it came from. The cells seem to have shifted after the Extract By Mask Tool was run. The only way I know how to fix this problem is by changing \"Snap Raster\" in Environments, but have not yet found a way to snap a raster to a mosaic dataset.
Matching Project CRS to Layer CRS in QGIS I'm working with QGIS (2.18.13) and I have a vector layer made up of many polygons (CRS: WGS84/29N) but need to change project CRS to match this in order to extract correct area data. Project CRS = WGS 84/Pseudo Mercator EPSG:3857. The base map I am using is Bing Maps Aerial (accessed through Open Layers plugin). How do I do this without distorting the polygons and keeping them in place on the map?
Clip Raster by Mask Layer to jpg not tiff Is it possible to set your output file for the Clip Raster by Mask Layer tool as a jpg and not a tiff?  Are there extra parameters or commands I can use to do this?I can export as tiff and convert to jpg with another program but I am doing this for a large amount of features and it's extremely inefficient.  
Finding areas which are inside maximum of 2 buffer zones using ArcMap? I have a territory with supermarkets. I'd like to find the areas in this territory which has less than 3 supermarket in its vicinity. For that, I created a 1 mile buffer for each POI. Is there a way to choose the areas in ArcGIS, which are overlayed by maximum 2 buffer zone? 
How to automaticaly create a buffer for a line in QGIS I am creating some lines, and I would like to add a 500m buffer around thoses lines. But i need this buffer to automaticaly change if i modify my line around. Is there any solution to this? 
Adding a data dictionary to Trimble R1 reciever through ArcOnline I don't even know how to properly google this effectively, so maybe someone can help me on here. My company purchased a Trimble R1 GNSS Receiver. The data is managed through ArcOnline. I have a data dictionary that I need to use, but I can't figure out how I am supposed to upload it in ArcOnline. I have been creating Feature Layers to collect other data with generic data dictionaries - I use Field Notes Template currently. Is there a way to upload a data dictionary to ArcOnline to use with ArcGIS Collector on my phone? 
Install osgeo live package in existing Ubuntu? I am using Ubuntu. In my secondary computer I use Lubuntu based OSGEO-LIVE 12.0. OSGEO-LIVE is a great software when it comes to any GIS application and reduces tedious work of individual package installation. But I want to set up all the packages from OSGEO-live into my existing Ubuntu 18.4. Is there any way of doing this in bulk in short time?
Merging layers with different objectid types I have a problem that's stumped me. I'm merging flood hazard layers from FEMA. For most states, the objectid is a real number. California (we're always the weird ones) has an objectid that's 'integer64'. I don't know enough about objectids to know which one is correct or if there's a correct option. Merging the layers into a single layer runs into problems with the difference in object ids. Can anyone suggest a solution to this problem? Is there way to convert one or the other objectid fields to match or a setting to select to enable the different types to work together? I'm using QGIS.  I pulled the data from FEMA's Esri Geodatabase. I then clip these layers to my study area and save 'em as shapefiles. I'm working with those, trying to merge them into a single layer
Join touching lines in QGIS I have a boundary polyline of an island that is broken into multiple short segments. The island is surround by many other islands. What I want to do is delete the mainland island and convert the satellite islands into polygons. I tried dissolve but that merged the entire file into one feature. I then tried the multipart to single part thinking it would separate the smaller islands from the large one but it broke the entire file back up into the short segments again. Effectively I want to merge/dissolve touching lines so that each individual island is its own, one line feature.
Points that fall outside a polygon in QGIS I need to figure out how many points, and which ones (with labels) fall outside the boundary of a particular polygon in QGIS. 
Highlighting selected geojson feature and return to previous state when another one is selected using Leaflet? I've a map with a geojson layer containing markers, polygons and lines. I made a module so that when a feature is clicked, its properties are displayed in a frame and not in standard Leaflet popup. It works perfectly well and I'm quite happy with it. Point is that I'd like to have the selected feature to highlight when clicked and return to unselected state when another one is clicked. Do you have an idea on how I can achieve that ?
QGIS: Intersect rasterdata with vectorline I am new to QGIS. My aim is to be able to get information of the height at any point on my vector line. My raster is a map with height information in the format geotiff. The vector layer is in the shape format.I tried to intersect them but it wouldn't work, I guess because they are not the same format. I also tried to vectorize the raster layer and use the plugin refFunction and geomwithin but it wouldn't work either. 
QGIS: Intersect rasterdata with vectorline I am new to QGIS. My aim is to be able to get information of the height at any point on my vector line. My raster is a map with height information in the format geotiff. The vector layer is in the shape format.I tried to intersect them but it wouldn't work, I guess because they are not the same format. I also tried to vectorize the raster layer and use the plugin refFunction and geomwithin but it wouldn't work either. 
Viewshed Analysis for Custom DEM file I am new to qgis and trying to do 2 things. My objective is to have an accurate viewshed analysis at the end. But my DEM file is of poor resolution. I do have a shapefile with building height details. I am trying to (Part1) find a way to make a new DEM with building heights and (Part 2) calculate the viewshed from certain buildings from the created DEM. (Part3)At a later stage, want to be able to tell from which buildings is a certain polygon on the ground visible. Does anyone know how to do this?
How to replicate a polygon over several points with different locations in Arcgis? I have two shapefiles, one is a polygon and the other is points.I would like to create a new shapefile which has the shape of the polygon in all the places that there is points. I would like to replicate the polygon under the points.1= the polygon that I want to replicate. 2= the points represents the location where the replicated polygons should be (one polygon per point).
Esri ArcObjects SOE For my prototype I have published a service with one layer.  The layer has 3 polygons with an entitlement attribute.  Only one polygons entitlement is set to true.  I need to write an SOE (in Java) to draw the polygons return an image, the polygon with the attribute set to true needs to be drawn differently, maybe a thicker line or an additional inner border or something along those lines.  Unfortunately  I don't have the luxury of drawing the polygons client side due to the shear volume of features.EDIT: SOE is required to cater for our complex entitlement needs.I've worked through the bundled SDK samples but can't find anything appropriate.So my questions are:Can an SOE return an image?  I've been experimenting with the REST request appending &amp;format=image but I just cant get my SOE to return a pngis it possible to style particular features differently based on an attribute?  If so, how would I update the legend to include the different styled feature
Localization of a point on a line in QGIS I'm relatively new to the GIS field. I have several polylines (streets) and would like to locate stations on these lines. The start and end points of the lines, the length of the line and the distance of the stations from the starting point are given. I'm looking for the coordinates for the stations. With GRASS and PostGIS there are probably possibilities. Does anyone have good explanations?
Viewshed Analysis adjust for treetop/building roof classifying as visible I need to depict the areas that a landfill will be visible within a 3-mile radius at the current height. After pouring over the ARC Visibility toolset page, my thought is that the Viewshed tool is the best way to address this. For the input raster data I used an STRM raster which includes vegetation and building heights and added it to a land surface DEM to get an elevation/vegetation &amp; building hybrid raster. For the input line observer feature I used a line feature class outlining the current footprint of the landfill. Seems simple enough. After running the tool, it looks pretty good.Here is my concern. My understanding is that all the areas that are visible from the landfill looking out get classified as visible. But the goal here is really the opposite. Most of the time this detail doesn\u2019t seem to matter. I \u201cfield checked\u201d some points through google earth streetview and it seemed to match up well. The areas I noticed an issue is where there is very tall tree cover. These locations are being classified as visible, I think because the tree tops are visible from the landfill. But for this analysis, when looking from land surface (where a person would be looking from) those trees actually obscure the view. Is this a valid concern and if so, how could this be adressed?This is my first time using any 3D analysis tools. 
Save virtual fields to a layer definition file Is there a way to save virtual fields (with their expression) a layer definition file without them becoming static fields?I have about a dozen virtual fields in many tables with complex expressions, which need to be replicated in about another 20+ projects.  I would really like to find a way that I can replicate the virtual fields into the other projects without needing to recreate and copy/paste the expressions for every single virtual field.
Why measure line in QGIS result in millimeter? I am using QGIS 3.4.4 I just want to measure the distance between a tree with its shadow  from a raster data, but when i use measure line the result is in millimeter. I just upgrade the software to the newest version, when I used the previous one, the measure line works, can someone help me please... 
Erasing a point in QField Maybe it is a very simple question but i couldn't find it anywhere.I'd like to erase a point feature using QField. If I draw any feature the garbage icon appears but this is not possible by selecting a point (or any other feature) Is it possible? How? 
QGis 3.4 Categorized Symbology: Overlapping objects I have a point layer with categorized symbologyOne object is a big point and one is a smaller one.How do I change which one is displayed in front of the other one?
Multidimensional File to allow for pixel values across time series I have a composite of SAR (28 images in a time series) data and I am trying to get the values of each pixel for the whole time series. I am looking at the coefficient of variation and trying to display pixel values as the time series progresses. I was able to get the coefficient of variation from the time series but it only shows me a static value. I was reading that possibly using multidimensional files would allow me to slice the data and drill down the pixels across the time series. Can anyone give me any guidance?
Exporting bounding area only via ArcGIS Pro? I use ArcGIS Pro to export a layout as jpg format image. I just wonder if any tools in ArcGIS pro can help me export the polygon area only and remove or symbolize the rest area as grey? My quick thought is that it may not directly operate on the basemap because so far I didn\u2019t find any easy tool to either symbolize the out-of-bound area into grey or other style to distinguish it from the bounding area.I guess if I need to copy the map view into an imagery first and then dealing with it as an image file and crop it further.  
Merging several .hgt files into one I'm currently struggling on trying to combine several .hgt files with different software. I can get the 4 tiles into any kind of software but my issue is exporting the file back to .hgt file. I've tried using VTBuilder, which allowed me to easily blend the 4 tiles together. I made sure the projection was indeed to WGS 84 and the column and rows were at 1201 as a SRTM should be (as I have got 4 together perhaps I should have double them to 2402x2402?).I then exported the data as .bt file from VTBuilder and imported it into Landserf, having seen information that it could write .hgt, which doesn't seem to be the case. I supposedly found a workaround by saving the file as a .bil and changing the file name manually to .hgt... It doesn't work as it should.To give you all the context, I am working with grasshopper using the plugin elk. The grasshopper component cannot read 4x .hgt files and is asking for only one file larger than the area I am looking at ( which is 24.6420 to 25.1627; 94.8683 to 95.2968) hence why I am trying to combine them all together. I have access to QGIS and the software mentioned before.I cannot seem to find anybody that has raised this issue before on the forum or online for that matter.
Compute coordinates of vector line? I have a set of vector lines (which represent translation vectors for georeferencing).Based on the layer CRS, how can I compute the coordinates of each line in an attribute table ?i.e (Xmax-Xmin; Ymax-Ymin) for each line.I have managed to get the line length with $length in the expression editor but I am struggling with other geometrical parameters.Edit: I am looking to \"store the formula\" within the layer. The idea is to keep these values automatically updated with the geometry. (Auto)update should happen if a new line is added or modification of the current geometry is done.
Create Custom function to update virtual attribute of point from raster in QGIS? I am trying to dynamically update the elevation value of a point based on its location when the user tries to move it in edit mode and after saving it in QGIS. I got a point shapefile and DTM (.asc) raster file.I want to create a custom function which could be added to the expression of the virtual attribute of the point shapefile.
QGIS working with a point and polygon layer I have 2 layers, layer A ( point data) and layer B (polygon data).   Within layer A I want a column which will indicate Yes or No if a polygon is within 500m.  I have created a 500m buffer for layer b and have currently used the geomtouchs function to select those polygons.  I can't get it to fill the column with Yes or No though.  Has anyone any other methods they would use?  
Open Traverse Method for the map survey I need to use traverse method in my program on visual studio(WPF) so that the user can get their target point coordinate by using their initial data. In my knowledge there is two type of traverse that is open traverse and closed traverse. I search on the internet there mostly about the closed traverse. Although the open traverse cant be check for error i still need to use it for my project requirement. Can someone share me a simple open traverse calculation that i can use for my reference and program?
Reduce GEE memory usage? I am working with global applications and decided to use the Python Earth Engine API to collect some data I will need. I am exporting annual, global NDVI composites based on Landsat. Since this involves a lot of data, I split the task in small tiles leading to about 1000 downloads to be conducted. Due to the high numbers of tasks, I run into a 500 error after a while, which is becoming quite annoying.My question is this: after downloading a file, is there a way to clear the memory used to derive that file?
GeoWebCache Internals I want to integrate GeoWebCache with GeoServer.If a request( with a bbox say bbox-A) is cached in GWC.Next,if a different user sends another request with a [bbox-A +- 0.00000001], will the cache be able to provide?I believe that OpenLayers divides the screen area into a matrix (defined by image height, width) and makes a WMS request for each cell. Each request has a bbox parameter.If the GWC is seeded with a much larger area, It internally will be saving the tiles with a different bboxes.If there is a delta between the bbox of GWC and the request, will GWC be totally missed ?
Structural geology SVG symbol library Is there a public source with an SVG library of symbols for structural geology mapping in QGIS ?
Draw a polygon with specified edge length in QGIS Madeira I am looking for a possibiliy to draw a polygon with specified edge length in QGIS Madeira. I already checked further Threads belonging to this question, but all answers refer to PlugIns which are not correspondig with the current GIS Version. 
Point cloud/image comparison? I used MATLAB software to classify point cloud data into 3 classes; (1) main; (2) protrusion and (3) recess. In MATLAB I assigned a distinctive color to each class to differentiate between classes (yellow, red and blue; but black is not among classification color and it is only background color which is the places which no point exist and therefore, no class was assigned). When the classified point cloud displayed, I took a screen shot of it (TIFF images attached). I wish if I could attach point clouds (txt format), but apparently it is not possible. In my MATLAB code, there are several parameters to adjust to get the optimum classification results (presented in three colors in reference image and reference point cloud). If I change those parameters from optimum values to other values, then the classification results are changed.Now, if I assume the reference figure (or reference point cloud) is the base for comparison, I need to calculate how much accurate the other three figures have been classified? For example, if I say %30 of whole reference image is in red (openings), then how much is this red percentage in any of the other three figures? Similarly for blue and yellow color percentage. This percentage or any other quantitative comparison. I have been trying to find out a way to compare the accuracy of classification either using MATLAB or ARC GIS/MAPS, ENVI or any other tools, but so far no luck.
Adding state map using QGIS? I'm new to QGIS.I'm trying to add a map just of the State of NJ. I figured out to load Google street map, but that's as far as I got.My goal is to get a Map of NJ with its counties. I found a few maps online that are PDFs. Not sure how to bring it into QGIS and still be able to  geocode with that.
Transforming polygon from Arc 1960 UTM Zone 37S to WGS 1984 UTM Zone 37S? I have a polygon which is in Arc 1960 UTM Zone 37S coordinate system and I need to transform it to to WGS 1984 UTM Zone 37S. I have not been successful in doing this using ArcMap. Is there a solution for this?
Converting Point Feature to Latitude/Longitude Coordinate and GPX? I drew a point feature using the draw tool in ArcMap on a map in an area of interest. I am now interested in extracting the actual latitude/longitude of this point in geographic space so I can actually navigate to this exact area in a car. In addition, I am interested in determining how to export this as a GPX feature and inputting it directly into my Garmin GPS device.
ArcMap 10.6.1 - \"Error repairing the data layer\" & \"Error opening feature class\" I opened a file I had been working on in ArcMap 10.6.1, and all of my layers have red exclamation points next to them. All of the data is on my computer in the same folder.I right-clicked, Data > Repair Data Source, and all of the original files are immediately shown in the same folder they have always been in. If I click the correct file and click \"Add\I get the error - \"Error repairing the data layer\".So I tried just re-adding the files, but I get another error. \"Open Failed - Error opening feature class - Whitespace is not allowed at this location\and another - \"Warning - Could not add specified data object to the map\".A different file gave a different error, \"Number of shapes does not match the number of table records\".One of my files - a polyline layer with two features - works just fine, but the rest are broken.The only thing that has changed between when I last opened it and now is fairly significant. My antivirus thought a system file was suspicious, so I opted to replace it instead of ignore it. The replacing didn't go well, and my computer would no longer boot up. I took it to a shop that reinstalled Windows. I don't see why it would affect the ArcMap files, but figured I should provide context. None of my other files on my computer have been changed.
Calculating fraction of area characterized with certain values? I have a rasater data with cell values of the following: missing, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5Now I need to find the fraction defined as (area with value 5)/(Sum of areas with values 1,2,3,4) for a certain polygon.So I need to ignore missing values.How do I do that in Arcmap?
LS Factor in SAGA (slope units) In which units do I have to calculate Slope to use as an input for the LS Factor tool in SAGA (degrees, %, radians)?  I couldn't find anything in the documentation. 
Overlay raster above uploaded shpfile but behind background? I have a .shp file of the world oceans (hydropolys.shp) and create a map with it in QGIS, so the background of the image is the land. Does anyone have any suggestions on how I can overlay my raster output on top of the oceans, but not overlain on the land? So I essentially want my image overlain on top of the uploaded .shp file but underneath the background.
Create multiple paths by joining a set of start points in one layer to a single end destination in another layer? I need to create a batch of paths so that I can calculate the best potential placement of a development site by counting the number of intersecting features along that path. I have a grid of points in one layer and a single point in another. I would like to create a line for each of the features in the start layer to the single point in the other layer.Most of points to line features only take one layer as an input or either take two layers with a single feature.QGIS on MacOS El CapIs there a possible solution to this?
Initial velocity of a projectile on different elevations Given the landing distance, angle, time of flight and ignoring air resistance, finding the initial velocity of a projectile, which is launched and lands on the same height of elevation, is quite easy. But what if the landing spot is on a higher elevation or the opposite? How will I add the \"height\" to the equation?
Is a transition from multidomain to single domain a phasetransition? Is the transition from a multodomain state to a single domain state a phase transition? E.g. in a ferromagnet as a function of field from a multidomain state at low fields to a single domain state at high fields?
Force of Body Impact Upon Water So in 2014 I fell from 70 feet and landed flat on my back on slowly moving water (.5ft/sec) on the Willamette River. I weighed aproximately 190 pounds at the time. I was curious if someone would help me understand the amount of force my body experienced during the moment of inertia. It was enough to cause short-term internal bleeding lasting only about 10 seconds. I coughed up approximately half a pint to a full pint of blood. I didn't receive any medical attention afterward.I need this answer in a relatively simple format. Most of the terms I am using are what I found from using online calculators but I don't truly understand the terms, the answers, or the equations used to find them
Given a set of curved geodesics in 2D space, is there a way to determine the geometrical shape of said space? I know that the geodesics for Euclidean Space are straight lines and likewise in the absence of forces like gravity, the geodesics are straight lines. But what if you took some curved lines and tried to work backwards to determine the geometry of the space consisting of the curved geodesics. How would one go about determining the shape of this space? Would this even be a possible or useful approach?
Why did Newton introduced inertial and gravitational mass in the first place? This might be a silly question but I really don't understand what was the reason for which Newton ended up differentiating mass into inertial and gravitational. Why did he think it necessary to do so?For example, an object is made to accelerate over an almost frictionless surface and then the same object is dropped from a certain height. The same objects in both the cases, the same amount of matter in both the cases, but they are said to be different.The mass in first case is said to be inertial mass and that in second case is called gravitational mass. But why did newton think of classifying mass? And also what is the significance of this differentiation?
How to Lift an object at constant velocity vertically Let's say there is a Table on the floor . I lift the table up in such a way that it keeps going upwards 5 m/s  (I kept holding the table every instant). I lifted the table for 3 seconds so it reached 15 meter height. Now if I just move my hands from the table it just falls downward from that time. If its velocity was 5 m/s, shouldn't the table go higher until the velocity becomes 0 m/s before the table starts falling down? Did the table really get constant velocity of 5m/s? If not then why? And how can one lift an object at a constant velocity upwards? 
Viscous force and it's proportionality constant \"Introduction of Mechanics\" states:$F_v = \u2212Cv$,where $F_v$ is viscous force and  $C$ is a constant that depends on the fluid and the geometry ofthe body. For objects of simple shape moving slowly through a gas atlow pressure, C can be calculated from first principles. For a sphere ofradius r moving at low speed through a common fluid like water or air,C = 6\u03c0\u03b7 r.How does C depends upon fluid and geometry of body?Why is it necessary for the sphere to move slowly and at low pressure to be have C = 6\u03c0\u03b7 r?What's the first principle?
How to calculate height of a bouncing ball? I'm wanting to create a basic physics engine for a Computing project, simulating the behaviour of a bouncing ball. What equations and forces do I need to incorporate to calculate the height a ball will rebound to from the height that it is dropped?If I drop a ball from 5m, what equation do I plug it into and what other factors will I need to include to calculate the height it will return to or how do I find the lost energy?
What keeps quarks separate (strong force pulls, but what repels to equal out) We know that the strong force keeps quarks together, that is mediated by gluons (and their charge is called color charge).We know that the residual strong force keeps neutrons and protons together in the nucleus (called the nuclear force), and that is mediated by Pions (quark and anti-quark).We know that electric charge can repel (same charge) or pull (opposite charge).But I do not see anywhere if color charge can repel, i only see that it can pull.We know that protons and neutrons are stable together in a nucleus, because two forces equal out (nuclear force pulls and electric charge repels).Questions:Since strong force (mediated by gluons) pulls quarks together, what keeps quarks separate from each other, meaning why are quarks not coming closer together and crush into each other? I only see the strong force pulling, but what is the other force, that repels here and equals out?I understand that in case of two Protons, two forces equal out, electric force repels, and nuclear force pulls. That is why two protons are stable in a nucleus and are not flying away and are not crushing into each other either. In case of a Neutron, there is no electric force to repel, but there is still nuclear force to pull, so a neutron is pulled together to another neutron or a proton, but what keeps the neutron from crushing into another neutron or proton? 
Other theories where other stuff influences the Mexican Hat Higgs Potential beside Temperature Since we don't know what is the origin and physical interpretation of the Higgs potential or the Mexican Hat. Is it subject to interpretation like we do in the quantum wave function? Is the temperature bouncing the higgs at the middle also just for sake of illustration.. meaning there is possibility the Higgs potential are controlled not even by temperature but another field hidden for example remnants of the inflaton field or dark energy that triggers the phase transition to produce non-zero vev and consequent electroweak symmetry breaking? Any papers in arxiv for this stuff?
Concept of contact angle, cohesive and adhesive forces I was reading the topic of contact angle from a book and I couldn't exactly understand it. The first photo depicts the general case when a solid surface touches a liquid surface. $Fs$ is the adhesive force and $Fl$ is the cohesive force and $F$ is the resultant of $Fs$ , $Fl$ and $W$ . I have understood this scenario and what all the above terms mean.Then it shows a case when the solid surface is just dipped in liquid so that it is not projected out and says $Fs$ will not longer be perpendicular to the solid anymore. Can somebody please tell me what this means? Can someone explain the difference in the two diagrams and their respective situations. What does ' If the solid surface is just dipped in liquid so that it is not projected out  ' mean and why is $Fs$ not PERPENDICULAR leading the change in contact angle?
Is it possible to detect muonium at the end of the experimental area of a particle accelerator by exciting its electron? I've been wondering: if the muonium atom is very similar to the hydrogen atom, can I detect it (at the end of the experimental area in a particle accelerator) by exciting and then unexciting its electron with a very precise laser beam (assuming that we know the values of muonium energy levels by QED)? And would the photons emitted by the laser interfer with the rest of the experience?Thanks
Diffusion vs Advection As defined in Wikipedia; diffusion is the net movement of molecules or atoms from a region of high concentration (or high chemical potential) to a region of low concentration (or low chemical potential) as a result of random motion of the molecules or atoms. Whereas advection is the transport of a substance by bulk motion;that is the movement of fluids down a pressure or temperature gradient.My confusion is that: when there is a high concentration of some quantity, doesn't that mean also a high pressure of this quantity ? This thought makes me see diffusion and advection the same.. 
Is the superfluid state a coherent state? In the normal to a superfluid phase transition, U(1) symmetry related to particle number conservation is spontaneously broken which seems to imply that the superfluid state is a state in which there is no definite number of particles? This property is shared by that of a coherent state or any arbitrary superposition of number operator eigenstates. Is there any property of the superfluid state (the condensate wavefunction) that is not shared by a coherent state?
What happens to the space a black hole passes through? I want to know what happens to the space a black hole crosses over as our galaxy travels through space.
Pseudopotential in VASP I am a beginner in learning VASP (Vienna Ab-initio Simulation Package) and quite interested in the PAW (projector augmented wave) method implemented in VASP. As far as I knew, PAW is an all-electron method, which defines a transformation operator to transform the auxiliary wavefunction to the true wavefunction. For an all-electron method, pseudopotential is not needed. However, in VASP input files, there is a POTCAR, which contains the pseudopotential information. So my question is what roles the pseudopotential plays in PAW method?  
Superposition of waves and energy transferred A wave transfers energy. I was reading about the superposition of two waves, where the amplitudes of the two waves added up to produce a resultant wave.So I began wondering about the energy that is now being transferred in this resultant wave. Is it the sum of energy being transferred by both waves?Please help me understand.
R-matrix for spin chains In algebraic Bethe ansatz procedure, one of the central objects is the R-matrix satisfying the Yang-Baxter equation, but all the papers/books give directly its expression without deriving it, so my question is How can i derive the R-matrix for XYZ/XXZ Heisenberg model?
How does the orbiting of electrons around nuclei START? When electrons orbit a nucleus, their orbiting continues due to conservation of angular momentum, so I've read. But what causes an electron to orbit a nucleus in the first place? To be more precise, what happens exactly when an atom absorbs an electron?
Propagation of wave on a stretched string I'd like to describe a scenario in which a wave pulse propagates on a string.Consider a long string with one end fixed to a wall and the other held by a person. Suppose the person snaps his hand a little up and down producing a bump in the string near his hand. The operation takes a very small time, say one tenth of a second after which the person still stands holding the string in his hand. Now, I want to proceed with defining wave pulse on string. When a disturbance is localised only to a small part of the space at a time, we say that a wave pulse is passing through that part of the space. This happens when the source producing the disturbance (hand in this case) is active only for a short time.If the source is active for some extended time repeating its motion several times, we get a wave train or a wave packet.For example, if the person in figure (15.2) decides to vibrate his hand up and down 10 times and then stop, a wave train consisting of 10 loops will proceed on the string.The last line for me is a problem when analysing a sinusoidal wave. If the person holding the string in figure (15.2) keeps waving his hand up and down continuously, he keeps doing work on the string and the energy is continuously supplied to the string. A very important special case arises when the person vibrates the left end in a simple harmonic motion. The wave produced by such a vibrating source is called a sinusoidal wave. I am unable to understand how this wave train propagates on a string. Obviously, a sine wave on a string will produce a wave train as the source producing the disturbance is not active only for a short time. How will this wave train propagate?. I am unable to figure out how this wave train moves on a string. I thought that a certain number of \"bumps\" will move on the string in the same fashion even for a wave train. How does it move as shown in figure (15.4). Also, how does the left end and right end keep changing as time progresses?. In figure (15.2), it was just one small bump (the bump never changed) and the same bump moved on the string with speed $v$. How does the configuration of the sine wave keep changing with time and how does it propagate with speed $v$ on the string. For clarity, I would pose my question as:<blockquote>  How does a sine wave / sinusoidal wave propagate on a string. Since its configuration changes with time (as shown in the figure), then how does it move with speed $v$ on the string by changing its configuration at the same time. For a wave pulse, it was just one configuration and it kept moving with constant speed. Obviously the particles of sine wave keep executing simple harmonic motion vertically, but then how does the wave propagate and move forward with speed $v$?</blockquote>
Regarding 'The Science of Interstellar', space warping section While reading Thorne's 'The Science of Interstellar', I came across this piece of information: <blockquote>  'Now, the Sun\u2019s equatorial plane divides space into two identical halves, that above the plane and that below. Nonetheless, Figure 4.4 shows the equatorial plane as warped like the surface of a bowl. It bends downward inside and near the Sun, so that diameters of circles around the Sun, when multiplied by \u03c0 (3.14159 . . . ), are larger than circumferences\u2014larger, in the case of the Sun, by roughly 100 kilometers.'</blockquote>Has anyone that has read this book got an explanation for me, I do not get the d*pi compared to circumference part, why does it differ?
What are field lines? What are field lines and how come they relate to both electrical systems and magnetic systems?Separately, what do North and South poles have to do with all of this?
Is there any charge at complete rest relative to us? Electrostatic branch deals with charge in rest.But the question is that is any charge at rest? As for as my knowledge recalls I haven't heard or read even a single example whrere in practicle purpose charge is at rest relative to us.
Catalog of all particles I recently watched a program on pentaquarks found in the LHC (potentially). They referenced a catalog of all particles.  What is this catalog of particles they are referencing?  
Different units on y-axis I was just wondering if you can have different units on the same y-axis? For example, if I'm graphing blood flow, oxygen level and skin temperature against time in one graph. I can put temperature on the secondary y-axis, but I would still have two variables with different units on the primary y-axis. Will this be alright? Or do I need to draw a separate graph for the other variable. 
If the moon also fall then why can the astronaut moonwalks? imagine astronauts inside the ISS while everything are in free fall, the astronauts are floating around. Now if the moon are also in free fall then how come astronauts can perform moonwalk on the surface but not on ISS?btw ISS stands for international space station.
If the axion is discovered would it be an add on to the Standard Model? Just curious to know if the axion was ever discovered would it contradict the Standard Model?  Or is it just the case that it would be add on? Which leads one to wonder ...how do physicists decide if an add on is  worthy to be an add on since it may lead to a contradiction if the original theory does not predict it?  Just curious. 
Would we observe beats if the ratio of the frequencies of two waves is irrational? For Example, Would we observe beats for a 540 Hz sound wave and a 545.879614.....(irrational) wave? Though they lie within 10Hz of each other, their sum would not produce a periodic function so I don't think they will form a beat. If I'm wrong please correct me and provide the beat frequency of these two waves.
Why aren't infinite-dimensional representations of the Poincar\u00e9 group classified by *two* half-integers? It is known that to specify a finite-dimensional irreducible representation of the Lorentz group, one needs to specify two half-integers, $(j_1,j_2)$. For instance, the left-handed and right-handed Weyl spinors are non-equivalent representations, despite both having spin half. There is the $(1/2,1/2)$ 4-vector representation, and the $(0,1)$ 2-form representation.In QFT, in classifying the possible types of particle that can exist, we look for unitary (infinite-dimensional) irreducible representations of the Poincar\u00e9 group. Here, we need to specify a mass $m$ and a single 'spin' $j$. Fixing the mass to some given number, then, it appears that there are fewer types of particle allowed than the finite-dimensional representations would suggest. For instance, there is only one type of spin half particle, $j = 1/2$. Is this a left-handed Weyl fermion or a right-handed Weyl fermion, or something else?<blockquote>  More generally, how should we interpret the 'particle types' given to us by the infinite-dimensional Poincar\u00e9 group representations in terms of the 'particle types' given to us by the finite-dimensional Lorentz group representations?</blockquote>My thoughts: one can show that the Casimirs used in classifying representations of the Lorentz group don't commute with the $P^2$ Poincar\u00e9 Casimir. This might suggest that when we enlarge our group from Lorentz to Poincar\u00e9, we get new transformations that can mix states within the old representations, so that the new irreducible representations must also be enlarged. But I cannot see how a translation (followed by any combination of boosts or rotations) could turn a left-handed Weyl  spinor into a right-handed one. 
How would we calculate the dipole moment of a charge combination (of 3 or more charges) whose magnitudes are different but net charge is zero? How would we calculate the dipole moment of a charge combination (of 3 or more charges) whose magnitudes are different but net charge is zero?As a special case, what if the net charge is not zero? How would we calculate the dipole moment then?
Case where potential difference causes no current why current will not flow from battery if I connect positive terminal of battery to ground even when there is potential difference
Do positrons annihilate in a vacuum? Seems like a stupid question as positrons only annihilate when they encounter an electron and it may be possible that they encounter an electron even in a supposedly perfect 'vacuum', however I was wondering if anyone knows of any experiments conducted on positrons in vacua or if there's any theoretical support for the idea that they annihilate spontaneously, or something like that.  
Why are atoms ionized at ICP-MS temps? If the upper temperature of an ICP-MS (Inductively Coupled Plasma - Mass Spectrometry) plasma is 10,000 kelvin, why are any atoms introduced ionized?1 eV is equivalent to 11,605 kelvin and the first ionization of every element is greater then 1 eV.I am missing something. Any assistance would be appreciated.
How does a gyroscope flip? Consider a gyroscope which is hanging with a string. Is it possible to $flip$ the orientation of the a gyroscope by oscillating the point of suspension? How does it come out mathematically?
Are there any electric fields associated to the scalar fields in quantum field theory? We know that electric field due to stationary charges is given by gradient of phi.In quantum field theory the scalar fields associated with bosons doesn't have any electric fields but while dealing with em fields we get vector E as conjugate momenta to A_u. why there are not any electric fields associated to such scalar fields?
Ballerina Energy clarification There is similar question on this but I have a specific issue that needs clarification.  For the classic example of the ballerina spinning, on extension angular speed decreases, and on retraction angular speed increases because of conservation of angular momentum (no net torque).  Lets take the case where angular speed increases due to retraction.  Now it also the case rotational KE changes. I am told that work is done by the ballerina in moving her legs/hands inward.  My issue is the last part about the work done by the ballerina.  I thought that to change rotational KE we must have torque applied over an angle.  Is this wrong?  If any kind of nonconservative force acts over a distance/angle then KE, whether it be rotational or translational, will change? I'm confused about how the relationships between torque x angle, force x distance, and, KE rotational and translational.    
Electron released between parallel plates An electron is released between fixed charged parallel plates. The seperation between the plates is small compared to the dimensions of each plate so that we consider the electric field to be uniform. Does it create electromagnetic wave because of acceleration? How does the energy conservation take place in this situation?  
How do I deduce the Axis of Rotation of objects while solving rolling,angular momentum questions? <blockquote>  A uniform rod of length $L$ lies on a smooth horizontal table. A particle moving on the table strikes the rod perpendicularly at an end and then stops. Find the distance travelled by the centre of the rod by the time it rotates by a right angle.</blockquote>In the above the question,I use $I$ of the rod after the collision as $ML^2/12$ rather than $ML^2/3$ thus clarifying that the rod rotates about its $com$ rather than the end where the collision takes place.Now in another situation,lets say the rod was standing erect on a table and the particle hits the rod at a distance of $L/4$ from the centre of the rod. Now in this case,i am sure the axis used will be at a distance from $com$ rather than $com $ itself. If i am wrong in this question than there are surely many cases in rolling where the objects rotate not at their com but a distance from it with respect to the mass of the particle which striked them and where. In such cases,how do i decide the axis of rotation? Like in the first question itself,why wasnt the axis the end of rod but was its com?
How the current of a wire pass so quickly if it has that less drift velocity of electrons.? The rate of flow of electrons is known as current. When we switch on a light bulb, then it lights immediately. If drift velocity of electrons is so small--at least on the supply on 220V (supply of my home)--then why does the light bulb light up so quickly?
Would virtual particles \"dissolve\" objects given enough time? Suppose for the sake of argument that you have an object in a vacuum. According to QFT, virtual particle pairs pop in and out of existence constantly. Given enough time, would it be reasonable to expect the object to be broken down by the occasional stray antiparticle? I'm sure it would take billions of years, but would it be possible?
Sudden change in noise levels This is real life issue I am having currently and I am puzzled as to why it happened. I posted the question in the engineering section but it was put on hold as too broad. I have no other way to narrow it down as it is a real life ongoing situation. I have lived over the subway lines (two actually each going in the opposite direction, two sets of tracks) for two years. The noise has always been a soft background hum, with an occasional louder train (that usually needs wheel maintenance), hardly noticeable. One early morning near the end of January I was jolted out of bed by a loud noise. Turns out it is the subway. It is as if someone turned the volume up from 3 to 8 overnight. Noise much louder (both tracks), last longer and there is shaking in the house too. Some small variances in the loudness of each train, but all much louder. The quietest train now is much loudest then the loudest one was before. I know that no changes were made to the tracks, trains, schedules or my building. What else could have caused it - noise from subway became much louder overnight? What could have changed the way sound travels between the tracks and my house?
Review paper on Quantum Bayesianism (QBism)? Is there any review paper on the theory of Quantum Bayesianism (QBism) developed by Fuchs, Caves and Schack? I know there are a number of papers by these authors but I was wondering if there is a particular one which would be a good starting point and a good summary of their theory. I have already gone through the wiki article. Thank you.
What is the Plasma emissivity? I am wondering, what is the emissivity of super heated plasma that is of nuclear fusion temperature?
Static temperature A Professor of Fluid Mechanics a told that the static temperature is the temperature observed when the relative speed between observer(thermometer) and fluid is zero.I have trouble understanding as to how will the temperature of fluid depend on the reference frame since temperature is a quantity which should be a function of Static Pressure and not Pressure itself.How can the temperature of a body depend on its speed?
How can a body have two axis of rotation at the same time? I m not concerned with rotation of a body with two simultaneous axis but concerned with how we choose the axis,while going through pure rolling I have observed that there are two axis of rotation one is passing through the center of mass and the other is through the point in contact with the ground,my concern is how can there be any axis of rotation through the point of contact where as m very well finding the body does not rotate in that axis of rotation that is it very well rotates only through the center of mass.
Investigating 2D Oscillating motion I once did an experiment into Simple Harmonic motion of a mass oscillating in 1D on a spring. I wanted to extend this into two dimensions. I can see how varying the starting offset and also ratio of spring constants would vary my results. However, I don't know how I would accurately set it up, and also therefore what suitable apparatus would be. Any ideas of equipment to MEASURE and to USE.Crucially, I wanted to give a starting push to the mass in a direction, with it already being offset, for example to create a circle, byt getting x=cos(t) and y = sin(t). How would i do this in an accurate way that i could measure?
How the velocity of the air is slowing down in different distances from a fan? Is it determined completely by the air pressure and the temperature? Do I need to take into account also the geometry of the \"air cone\" of the fan or is it determined by the speed of the air when it leaves the fan?Practically I would like to solve questions e.g. which CFM ensures a given air speed at a given distance.    
Over how large an area does an airplane in flight increase the pressure on the ground underneath it? A plane exerts downward force on the air, so the ground must exert greater upward force on the air while a plane is in flight than when it is not (in a steady state where the air has no net acceleration). This means the pressure is higher at the ground when a plane is in flight.If a passenger jet flies several miles over me, directly above me, I don't expect to notice any change in the air pressure, even though the plane is very heavy. This suggests that the area over which pressure increases under the plane is pretty large. How large? And does it stay directly under the plane (if flying at constant speed) or lag behind?
How do you calculate the distance from center for centripetal force equation for long objects such as board or a hammer? I am trying to calculate the centripetal force for an enlongated object like a fan blade.  Where do I measure to to get the distance from center.  Would I measure from the center to the end of the blade?  Also what if I had a mass such as a hammer in circular motion since this is an uneven distribution of mass where would I measure to from the center of rotation to get the distance from center?   
Is proton a Dirac fermion? If yes, does it also have a Lande-g factor $g=2$? Proton is a spin-1/2 particle but composite i.e., it's a bound state of three quarks. Protons have partner called anti-proton which is also composite. Is it not a Dirac fermion? If not, why? In other words, why should a Dirac fermion always be elementary such as electron, positron or neutrino? By Dirac fermion, I understand a quantum of the Dirac field and which also has a antiparticle partner. If it's a Dirac particle, does it mean protons also have Lange-g factor $g=2$ like an electron (apart from the anomalous contribution)?
What is the difference between the states of matter and the phases of matter? What is the difference between the states of matter and the phases of matter? Should solid, liquid and gases be called states of matter or phases? How many states and phases are there? Different sources quote different things. Please help  
How are real particles created? The textbooks about quantum field theory I have seen so far saythat all talk in popular science literatureabout particles being created spontaneously out ofvacuum is wrong. Instead, according to QFT those virtual particles areunobservable and are justa mathematical picture of the perturbation expansion of the propagator.What I have been wondering is, how did the real particles, which are observable, get created? How does QFT describe pair production, in particular starting with vacuum and ending with a real, on-shell particle-antiparticle pair?Can anybody explain this to me and point me to some textbooksor articles elaborating on this question (no popular science, please)?
Control of Nuclear Fission What is it precisely which prevents current technology in nuclear fission from controlling the size of fission products; in other words, why is it not feasible, presuming that such an approach would permit the translation of binding energies to heat in nuclear fission reactions, to create lighter more manageable fission products, thus rendering that fission technology relatively safe?  Further, if this constraint is due to the electrical neutrality of the neutron, what prevents the induction of a manageable charge or manipulation of the neutron magnetic dipole moment?
Finding equipotential surfaces of gravitational field Consider a point $A$ located in New York city. How to find a point $B$ located in Chicago with the same gravitational potential as $A$? Is there any practical method of doing this? And with what accuracy can this be done?For two points in an ocean, far from shore we can probably take water surface as the first approximation, and make correction for the tide. But I do not see what can be done on land.If the points $A$ and $B$ are not far away, say less than a mile, I can connect them with a pipe and fill this pipe with water, the water levels at the ends of the pipe will give me the points of the same potential. But this is not practical for distant points.EDIT. This question has an important practical application: hitting a small target with a ballistic missile.
Which experiment clearly shows us that Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle is ontological and not epistemological? I have heard that the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle(HUP) is not because of our limitations in measuring and the apparatus used but instead because of the very way things are I searched online in vain, I just want to one experimental or the logical proof behind this.
Connection between Lagrangian and (pre)symplectic structure How is the precise relationship between a Lagrangian and the (pre)symplectic structure?Given a (pre)symplectic structure can I construct a (equivalence class of) Lagrangian(s)?References are very welcome.
K alpha and K beta, which one has more energy? I have a question regarding K-alpha and K-beta in X-rays. I examined the intensity vs. wavelength diagram and concluded that K-beta has more energy than K-alpha but K-beta is more intense. Am I correct? if so, is that always the case? 
Resource required for learning simulations in physics I know basic programming in C and Fortran. I want to learn simple simulations in physics to have some idea about it. Right now I don't have any idea about it. Can someone refer some online/offline sources (at beginner level) from where I can have a clear understanding of what simulation means and how is it done? If there are beginner level textbooks on physics simulations please also refer. Right now as a beginner, I am not interested in specialized or research-level simulation techniques. Rather than simulation for basic textbook problems in classical or quantum mechanics, if possible. Since I don't have any understanding of what a simulation is I could not be more specific. Sorry about that.
Equivalence principle, is gravity a fictitious force that we feel everyday? I am currently self studying general relativity. I have a question regarding the equivalence principle. If an observer is in the elevator in deep space (or Minkowski space) where there is no gravitational force, and the elevator is accelerating upward with an  a=g (9.8 m/s^2), he/she can't tell the difference of being in an elevator resting on the surface, so it is impossible to distinguish such systems.  (we are not considering tidal forces).How can this be possible. I mean, if I am in a spaceship that is accelerating for ever with a = 9.8 m/s^2 I will always feel the \"fictitious\" force  pulling me back, just like we feel them in non inertial frames. When I am in the elevator at rest, I don't feel any fictitious force pulling me back. Or do I?
Are component of vectors vector and can we divide them into components? We know that two vectors can sum up and make one vector. And dividing a vector into components is the opposite process of summing vectors. Then the components of vectors should also be vectors. Are they really vectors? If they aren't, why are they scalar?And if they are vectors, can we divide these components into more components? 
Explanation of consistency between Maxwells equations and the existence of photons I have limited knowledge of QM but I know some about electromagnetism.I have read some about the photon description and I am confused.How can EM waves be viewed as a continuous, changing field but at the same time be considered as consisting of a finite number of discrete particles?For example, when considering EM radiation power, the inverse square law applies based upon surface area expansion as you move from the radiating source. How does this work with the photon description? 
What physically determines the point-set topology of a spacetime manifold? Like any manifold, the pseudo-Riemannian manifold of spacetime in special or general relativity is a topological space, so there is a notion of open sets (or equivalently, neighborhoods) that allows us to talk about continuity, connectedness, etc. We implicitly use this structure whenever we frame the equivalence principle as saying that any spacetime \"locally looks like Minkowski space\" - the \"locally\" really means \"in very small neighborhoods within the manifold\". This point-set-topological structure is in a sense even more fundamental than anything relating to the metric, because any manifold has such a structure, whether or not is is pseudo-Riemannian (or even differentiable).But what physically defines these open sets? For a Riemannian manifold (or more generally any metric space), in practice we always use the topology induced by the metric. But this doesn't work for a pseudo-Riemannian manifold, because the indefinite metric signature prevents it from being a metric space (in the mathematical sense). For example, if I emit a photon which \"later\" gets absorbed in the Andromeda Galaxy, then there is clearly a physical sense in which the endpoints of the null photon world line are \"not infinitesimally close together\even though the spacetime interval separating them is zero (e.g. we could certainly imagine a physical field whose value varies significantly over the null trajectory). Is there a physical, coordinate- and Lorentz-invariant way to define the open sets of the spacetime?(Note that I'm not talking about the global/algebraic topology of the spacetime, which is a completely separate issue.)
What physically determines the point-set topology of a spacetime manifold? Like any manifold, the pseudo-Riemannian manifold of spacetime in special or general relativity is a topological space, so there is a notion of open sets (or equivalently, neighborhoods) that allows us to talk about continuity, connectedness, etc. We implicitly use this structure whenever we frame the equivalence principle as saying that any spacetime \"locally looks like Minkowski space\" - the \"locally\" really means \"in very small neighborhoods within the manifold\". This point-set-topological structure is in a sense even more fundamental than anything relating to the metric, because any manifold has such a structure, whether or not is is pseudo-Riemannian (or even differentiable).But what physically defines these open sets? For a Riemannian manifold (or more generally any metric space), in practice we always use the topology induced by the metric. But this doesn't work for a pseudo-Riemannian manifold, because the indefinite metric signature prevents it from being a metric space (in the mathematical sense). For example, if I emit a photon which \"later\" gets absorbed in the Andromeda Galaxy, then there is clearly a physical sense in which the endpoints of the null photon world line are \"not infinitesimally close together\even though the spacetime interval separating them is zero (e.g. we could certainly imagine a physical field whose value varies significantly over the null trajectory). Is there a physical, coordinate- and Lorentz-invariant way to define the open sets of the spacetime?(Note that I'm not talking about the global/algebraic topology of the spacetime, which is a completely separate issue.)
What happen if a body travel with fast speed? Suppose a car is moving with high speed ( say 100km/hr ) Now, while moving with such speed is the mass of car going to change with respect to car at rest?
Why are wave packets constructed so that the maximum probability occurs at K0 (the average wave number)? The definition of a wave packet I have been given is that it is \"a superposition of many plane waves, with wave numbers grouped around an average value $k_0$\".I was told that, for a particle we want, its wave packet to be such that it has a maximum probability at $k_0$ - but I was under the impression that you integrate your probability density function with respect to position, not wave-number. Have I misunderstood the concept of a wave-packet? Could someone actually explain to me what they are? edit: I'm asking about why we are considering values of the wave-number when determining the maximum probability of localising a particle in space and not the values of x(along the x-axis, if we think about it in one dimension). How would we relate the position of a wave and its wavenumber together? If you can do that
Complex solutions to the Navier-Stokes equation I had recently ended up with a case where on solving the Laplace equation (for a fluid under certain conditions), the radial dependence turned out to be complex (in general). In such cases, do we work with the real part only? Or should we not neglect the complex part and I am wrong?I can post the exact problem if needed, but this stands as a general question as well. Any hints/tips would be appreciated.
Gravity vs Electricity see-saw analogy and speed of light Does electricity exhibit anything like the following steps:1) A ball is rolled down from left side of a very long teeter-totter or see-saw2) The see-saw rapidly (immediately) tilts once the ball is passed the half-way point so that the right side is higher3) The ball will now continue moving to the right because of its accumulated kinetic energy or inertia, but also decelerates4) The ball stops momentarily5) The ball will change direction and roll back to the left side from where it was originally releasedIn Electricity, the analogy I know of is a square wave oscillating from +5 to -5 Volts across a resistor.  I have a question about step 31) Electricity moves clockwise in a circuit driven by the +5 volt of a square wave2) The square wave oscillates to -5 V3) ??? Does the movement of the electron possess a mass inertia that keeps it moving in the original clockwise direction for a short period of time???*** I am not an expert in this, but I suspect that I am not asking about the intrinsic material inductance or capacitance of the circuit.  I understand that parasitic inductance can contribute to prolonging the original motion of the electrical current.  BUT, I have a suspicion that mass inertia is a separate factor becausea) I've read derivations of the magnetic field by considering the strength of an electric field in different reference frames, and the fact that the invariance of the speed of light, as in Purcell's textbookb) My intuition is that if inductance and/or capacitance were the ONLY reason for the continued transient motion of the electron after the voltage switches, then by analogy, one should be able to calculate the speed of light from the time that it takes the ball to stop moving after the see-saw has flipped.  I don't believe that the speed of light factors factors into this, as it seems to be a purely Newtonian concept.Thank you
Is there any example of a physical theory which isn't invariant under translations? Isn't it trivial that all physical theories in spacetime are invariant under local translations?  Is there an example of a theory which isn't invariant under translations?Please, take note that I'm not talking about homogeneous metrics, i.e. isometry under translations.  I'm considering general theories of some physical laws defined on spacetime.  Physical laws should stay the same everywhere in spacetime, or else they cannot be called \"laws\".If invariance under local translations is a triviality, can it be linked to invariance under diffeomorphisms, which can be interpreted as a reformulation of general covariance?
Do high speed particles see light as a different part of the EM spectrum due to the Doppler effect? If a particle was travelling fast enough and had visible light shot at it, would the partice experience the light as if it was higher or lower wavelength? If so, would the particle see the incident light as having different energy? This doesn't seem right, as its the same light whether the particle is moving or not, so it should have the same energy.
Can electric field be restricted? In high school physics, the electric field between a pair of NOT INFINTE paralle plate electrodes exists only between the plates, but now we know there are electric field lines curved out from the edge of the anode plate to the edge of the cathode plate. I am thinking, is there a way to restrict the location of the field so that it only exists at the orientation we want them to? (e.g. so that the electric field can only be detected between the parallel plate electrodes, but not its immediate surroundings)
Resistivity of electrolytes My book mentions how can I find the resistivity of metals but can somebody Pls explain how can one find the resistivity/conductivity in case of electrolytes
how is polarization distributed in a point source spherical EM wave? if we take an very small point source of EM wave, we will find that the EM wave is polarized. How does the polarization vary depending on which point of the sphere ?Polarization is always shown along one axis, but in a real 3D spherical wave it's impossible to keep a transversal EM field vector without changing its directionEDIT:My question comes from optics, if the image of a point is formed from constructive interference, then for such interference to occur, the polarization must have a specific configuration in 3D
Does the fact that energy is not conserved in cosmology open the possibility of new matter/atoms being created in the universe? Does it open the possibility of new baryonic matter/atoms being created in the universe and avoiding the Heat Death of the universe?
Is zero shadow day the longest day Wherever I read, I read that June 21st is the longest day for Northern Hemisphere, full stop. However the zero shadow day is different for different places. It is that day where the sun reaches the vertical point above. So shouldn't that be the longest day? In other words, up to the Tropic of Cancer, the longest day should be the Zero shadow days and above that it should be 21st June and that would have made sense but I cannot understand why it would be otherwise.Any thoughts regarding this would be helpful.P.S. I am not sure if this is the correct place to ask (since I couldn't find required tags) Please direct me to the right place if I am mistaken.
Usage of the word \"entropy\" The physicist and renown television personality described the 2nd law of thermal dynamics this way:<blockquote>  \"The second law of thermal dynamics is essentially a death warrant.  The amount of disorder in the universe is increasing -- meaning that  things break down, things corrode, things decay.\"</blockquote>Then I tried looking at some definitions of the 2nd law of thermal dynamics, which is essentially entropy (right?) and found this rather intuitive explanation:<blockquote>  When energy changes from one form to another form, or matter moves  freely, entropy (disorder) in a closed system increases.</blockquote>Question: If this concept applies to the universe, as articulated by Kaku, then by association/inheritance, can we use the term entropy to explain phenomenon here on earth?Example: The US military has many airplane hangars in the desert because there is less moisture in the air and the parts corrode slower and require less maintenance.Is it then fair to say that:<blockquote>  The entropy in the desert is lower than, say, at the beach (all else  held equal)?</blockquote>Now of course, corrosion and entropy may not be synonymous with each other, but again, by inheritance of the axiomatic properties of entropy, is that not a fair statement? Or will physicists object to that?
Can insulators transfer charge to conductors via conduction I was watching someone use a pith ball electroscope. The guy charged an ebonite rod by rubbing it with fur ( got it ). As the ebonite rod was brought closer to the pith ball, the pith ball was attracted to the rod ( got it ). After touching the rod the ball got repelled which clearly indicates transfer of charge to the ball (HOW!). I feel that ebonite is an insulator and the charges in it cannot move freely. So if I touch it with a conductor the charges must not get transferred but the experiment states otherwise.Can somebody pls explain what I am doing wrong here ? Thx
Binding energy of the daughter nucleus In radioactivity, the total binding energy of parent nucleus must be greater than the daughter nucleus. In alpha decay, uranium has greater binding energy because it is large but in beta plus decay (positron) proton changes to neutron then binding energy of the daughter nucleus must increase so how can this happen? 
Gauss law in non-uniform electric field I am trying to figure out how gauss law would hold in an electric field configuration that varies with space. For simplicity, let us assume the classic XYZ coordinate system. Consider an electric field along the x axis that varies a follows E(x,y,z) = K/(x^2), (similar to the coloumbs inverse square law.) and assume the field vector to be along the positive direction of the X axis, the field lines are parallel and equally spaced, assumed to come from a very large distance.Now, for simplicity, suppose I choose a cube of side a, whose center lies on the X axis, let us say at some point x= A. With this cube as my Gaussian surface, and with the given configuration of the electric field, my calculations are as follows (using the integral form of gauss law):The only two planes that would contribute to the flux are the ones parallel to the YZ plane. Let P1 and P2 be the planes. If the electric field at P1 is E1, the flux of it will be E1A. Similarly the flux through P2 will be -E2A (assuming the direction of area vector). The area of the surfaces being the same, the field clearly is different at P1 and P2, because the two planes are seperated by a distance = a. Thus if E1 = K/(x^2) then E2 must be K/(x\u00b1a)^2. How can in this case the flux be equal to zero? Please point out if I have any mistakes in my math, or if my analysis is wrong anywhere. 
For nearsightedness how does the concave lens not shift the focus point for near objects? In case of myopia, the light focuses in front of, instead of on, the retina when observing far away objects. while for near objects the eye is able to focus the light onto the retina. For most people with myopia, eyeglasses are the primary choice for correction. They prescribe concave lens which shift the focal point backwards such that it lies on the retina.The eye focuses on an object by bending all of the light rays from a single point on the observed object toward a single point on the retina. In the eyeball, light rays passing through the cornea are bent by its curvature toward the pupil. The lens flexes to change its curvature and finish the focusing process.  When an object is located at infinity, the focal length, or the distance from the cornea to the retina, of a normal relaxed eye is about 1.7 cm (17 mm). While if the object is at near point, which is about 25 cm (10 inches) for most people the focal length is around 22.3 mm.So I want to understand how by shifting the focus point for far objects such that it falls on the retina, how come it does not cause near objects to become blurred?
What is the difference between vapor and liquid with same temperature? When the temperature is same, it means that the kinetic energy of the particles of both phases are the same,so what is the difference between a vapor and liquid of a substance, such as ethanol, when they are in  the same temperature? 
Can black holes effect light or just what the light reflects off of Can light be shifted or stopped by anything other than a solid? I ask because when observing black holes you can see light funneling into the sphere. My thought was that if what\u2019s being pulled into the black hole is light or just a reflection of light off matter such as cosmic dust, dark matter or any material a drift in space? Also I cannot confirm any components of dark matter.
Reflection of light wave in absence of colloids When light goes through air we see the Beam (if we are using a laser beam) because of dispersion by dust. I have two questions:What happens in pure air or gases and what happens in pure water? Why do we see the light if there is no dust?Any mathematical reasoning or link will be welcome.
Are North aurora and South aurora produced by positive and negative particles respectively? Are North aurora and South aurora produced by positive and negative particles respectively?
Static pressure in a multi phase suspension I have a headscratcher: Suppose you have a suspension, say sand dispersed in water. Looked at as a bulk, over the whole volume, the density would be higher than water. Do we expect a higher pressure  near the botom of the vessel because of this? Two possible scenarios com to mind: Sand (or another solid) is dispersed and sinking to the ground, sand is dispersed and a mixer addes energy and keeps the sand dispersed. When I try to solve this headscratcher, My thinking goes like this:With sinking particles, there's an upward force acting on the particles (friction according to Hookes/Kaskas equation)action, reaction, etc. - there's a force acting on the waterhence there's a higher pressure at the bottom of a suspension, however ...in a non equlibrium case, the pressure does not correspond to the bulk density of water + solid, but is somewhat smallerIn an equilibrium case (mixer), the pressure should be equivalent to pressure according to the bulk densityIn most real life cases, a solid will either one or all of ...settle quickly be not much more dense than the fluid be of low percentage of the total volume ...so the effect will be really smallThis is my line of thinking so far. If wrong, I'd like to be shown where. If correct, I want confirmation. Either way, I expect answers to be backed up by some authoritative source.p.s. If my thinking is correct, you could make a nice experiment out of my bullet points 4 &amp; 5. 
Creating sympathetic resonance in a guitar string with an electromagnet I have an idea for a potential new type of reverb and I wanted to know if it was possible/practical.The idea is to have an electromagnet in the middle of a guitar string(s) which will hopefully cause the strings to vibrate. The vibrations would then be captured by a pickup at some other harmonic point along the string. I suppose that the tautness of the string would determine the necessary strength of the electromagnet so I was thinking that the strings would need to be tuned octaves below my desired resonant frequencies. This is because it seems like it would be easier to cause the string to vibrate at a frequency further up the harmonic series from its fundamental frequency due to the smaller distance that the string would need to travel...I suppose this question isn't very clear. Ummm... Questions:Does the strength of the magnetic force exerted on the strings depend on voltage or amperage, or both? Is it feasible with 9V and 100mW?How would I even begin to calculate the amount of electromagnetic energy required to start a string vibrating?Is it more feasible to have an inductor and a permanent magnet and physically connect it to the string, i.e., take apart a speaker and tie the cone to a string?If a body is made to resonate at harmonic frequencies will these smaller vibrations eventually combine to cause the body to vibrate at its fundamental, e.g., if the string is tuned to C3 and I create vibrations at C4, C5, and G5, will it eventually start vibrating at C3? i.e., do harmonics work in reverse?
Path to a distant star Suppose we have a space ship that can go fast enough (0.9c) and we have plenty of time, and we want to travel to a star on the other side of the galaxy. How do you plot a path to navigate to that star? Given the distances and the number of stars in the way, which all affect the shape of the gravitational field, is it even possible to compute a reasonable path to follow? Do we know the trajectories and masses of the stars along the way with enough precision? Should we shoot outside the galactic plane and come back closer to it again as we get closer to the star? Stay in the galactic plane? Something else?  
What is an Anderson-Braun neutron counter? I found this type of tool reading an article (\"A neutron monitor with silver activation\") but surfing the internet I can not find an explanation of what it is and how it works.It's probably a basic question for who's in the field but I'm new in the field of revelation techniques and I'm not sure where to look for this information.
Does one age quicker at higher altitudes? See title: Does one age quicker at higher altitudes? A few years ago I heard that you would age slightly faster (or slower) at higher altitudes. Is this true? What is the theory or evidence for this?Or to put it a little differently: Does time move faster or slower at higher altitudes? 
Pressurized tank emptying over time through a given area I having difficulty wrapping my head around a concept that I wish to solve. There exists a 10L tank of compressed air at 100psi. When an outlet hole of cross-sectional area of 0.115 $in^2$ is opened, I wish to develop a curve of pressure vs. time from $t=0$ until pressure drops from 100psi to atmospheric (0 psi). Many things can be neglected in this situation, such as friction etc., since I would like a general curve to compare with experimental data. I am unsure of how to apply fluid dynamics to a vessel that empties simply due to its own pressure difference through an area.Temperature can be assumed to be constant at 25C as well.
Photoluminescence Spectroscopy- Two individual spots, different colors, but same emission spectra my apologies in advance if I'm not posting at the right site, but StackExchange-Physics is the closest one that relates to this question.Method: Photoluminescence spectroscopySample being studied: a mm-size crystal with rough surface, and unequal heightWhat's confusing me: On the same crystal, a spot that emits purple light and another spot that emits blue light have the same PL spectra. Why?Here're my guesses and I was hoping someone could suggest other/a more concrete causes with reference.Guess 1. [Premise: the purple spot has a much brighter PL intensity than the blue spot] The blue and the purple spots have different emission spectra, and the blue area has some faint purple emission that's unnoticeable by eye, but since the purple emission lot more intense than the blue emission, the spectrum for the blue spot is shadowed by that of the purple spot, so for each spot I see the same spectrum.Guess 2. Blue and the purple spots are exactly the same so they should have the same spectrum, but since the crystal has an uneven surface some of the blue/purple light gets scattered, resulting in a different color than what's originally emitting.Thanks!
What is the cause of wave impedance? As in electrical impedance, Causes:Resistance - collision of electrons with atoms and other electrons, Reactance - Capacitive and inductive effects.Likewise, what offers opposition to a wave traveling in a medium?
What gives mass to dark matter particles? Assuming that dark matter is not made of WIMPs (weakly interacting massive particles), but interacts only gravitationally, what would be the possible mechanism giving mass to dark matter particles? If they don't interact weakly, they couldn't get mass from interacting with the Higgs field. The energy of gravitational interactions alone does not seem to be sufficient to account for a large particle mass. Would this imply that dark matter consists of a very large number of particles with a very small mass, perhaps much smaller than of neutrinos? Or do we need quantum gravity to explain the origin of mass of dark matter?
What gives mass to dark matter particles? Assuming that dark matter is not made of WIMPs (weakly interacting massive particles), but interacts only gravitationally, what would be the possible mechanism giving mass to dark matter particles? If they don't interact weakly, they couldn't get mass from interacting with the Higgs field. The energy of gravitational interactions alone does not seem to be sufficient to account for a large particle mass. Would this imply that dark matter consists of a very large number of particles with a very small mass, perhaps much smaller than of neutrinos? Or do we need quantum gravity to explain the origin of mass of dark matter?
What would be in the Kernel of a Dequantization Map? Consider forming a symplectic map between all the Hamiltonians on Hilbert Space and all the Hamiltonians on Phase Space. (I understand that taking the Converse of the Groenewold Van-Hove Theorem this is somewhat non-sensical but bear with me)What would be in the Kernel of such a map ?Can you even form a homomorphism between the operators in hilbert space and those in phase space ?
Is most mass from KE or PE? I know most invariant mass is from the interaction of quarks with the gluon field, but is that kinetic energy or potential energy, or does this question not make sense? Am a college freshman but I want to understand this. Thank you!
Footage of SHG in smoke/fog I am looking for a footage of second harmonic generation performed with laser and a non-linear crystal in which infrared light is converted to visible light. But I also want that to be performed in smoke or fog so that the laser beam is \"visible\" (or rather visualized). Such setup would be a very good demonstration of the phenomenon of the frequency doubling. Sadly, I only found the footage of the demonstration without the smoke, but in such setup the SHG doesn't look different from simple light scattering on the crystal.Can you provide me with any links to the footage as described above, that undoubtedly demonstrates the frequency doubling?
How can we calculate the speed from $E=mc^2$? how can we calculate the speed of an object using the formula of Einstein $E=mc^2$?
Snow flake symmetry and angle of water molecule I read in various places (e.g. Feynman Lectures) that the bonding angle of water molecules (ca 105 degrees) is related to the 6-fold symmetry of snow flakes. I understand that in ice, the water molecules are arranged in a lattice, but how does the angle of 105 degrees match the interior angles of a hexagon (120 degrees)?Do the water molecules in a lattice distort their angles to 120 degrees or is something else going on?
Does the ABJ anomaly for the Abelian gauge field have a topological argument? We known that the ABJ anomaly for non-abelian gauge fields with gauge group containing $SU(2)$ as a subgroup has a topological argument from the Euclidean path integral. Through studying the Euclidean path integral we can find the BPST instanton. In presence of the BPST instanton, the number of left-handed chiral fermioinc zero-modes and right-handed chiral fermionic zero-modes is not equal. One can then interpret this fact as chiral violation.However, the ABJ anomaly exists for abelian gauge field as well. And we know  in this case, there is no Euclidean instantons anymore due to the gauge group structure. But we can still derive the anomaly by studying the triangle diagram. So it seems that the instanton argument is not general?
Entanglement in double slit experiment Suppose we send 2 entangled photons through the 2 slit, does measuring the position of one of the photons affect the other particle's wave function or does the other particle still behave as a wave ?
What does it mean for an 'electron wave' to have momentum? I'm studying quantum physics from MIT lectures and there's a concept that they alredy start with: momentum of a wave.Given the wave-particle duality, I can kinda imagine that momentum is possible to define, since the electron has mass and it's travelling somehow as a wave. So the only possible interpretation for momentum of a wave that I can think of is:By saing that a wave has momentum $p$ we're actually saying that an electron with mass $m$ will have velociy $v = m/p$ in that wave (since $p=mv$).Is my definition at least near of what it's supposed to mean?
Why does standard model lose predictivity if it has unstable vacuum? In String Theory In A Nutshell by Elias Kiritsis, <blockquote>  Standard Model is unstable as we increase the energy (hierarchy problem of mass scales) and the theory loses predictivity as one starts moving far from current accelerator energies and closer to the Planck scale.</blockquote>How is predictivity related to instability of higgs vacuum? Is this about QFT predictions done perturbatively, such that we cannot describe particles in middle of transition? Or something else?In any case my question was confusing: it is just asking why we have predictivity problems when we have an unstable model.
What happens if I add a single quark to a system of hadrons? In pure QCD in the confinement phase what happens if I add to a system of baryons, which are quarks in the condensed phase, another quark? It doesn't have any quark or antiquark to form a baryon or a meson so how does confinement work in this case?
Correlation length at low temperatures? The correlation length gives (approximately) the distance over which a spin flip has an effect. For systems with ordered phases, at low temperatures the correlation length is then small (since a single spin flip will have little affect due to the large energy needed to rotate all the spins).But the one-dimensional Ising model (although it doesn't have an ordered phase) has a correlation length that diverges at low temperature. Given what I have said above and given at $T=0$ for the 1D Ising we do get an ordered phase, why is the correlation length diverging instead of going to zero? 
Relationship between the constancy of the laws of physics and conservation principles I have heard it said before in passing (I think it was on Star Talk Radio) that there is some specific relationship between the constancy of the laws of physics and conservation principles such as the conservation of momentum and conservation of energy. The claim, as I remember it, is that the principle of the conservation of momentum is 'equivalent' to saying that the laws of physics are constant throughout space.Similarly, I heard it said that stating the principle of the conservation of energy is 'equivalent' to saying that the laws of physics are constant throughout all times.In what way are these claims equivalent? In what way does one follow from the other. Or, am I misremembering some of the details of what was said?Sorry if this question is a little bit vague. 
Physical manifold with a natural linear connection on them Of course in many situation a manifold raised from a physical situation (like spacetime or configuration manifold and so on) are really much more richer than an abstract manifold. for example phase space is a symplectic manifold in a natural way.I want (all main) examples of manifolds which have naturally a linear connection on them. (one example is given on page 247 of the book GRAVITATION by Wheeler and others: spacetime. and as I want they explain how Equivalence Principe produce this conncetion)(may be examples will determine I would tag this question to what branches)
How does tensile loading and shear stress contribute to gravity? Both, tensile loading and shear stress are represented in the Stress-Energy Tensor and hence are sources of gravity. As I understand it (please correct if wrong) tensile loading implies forces perpenticular to the surface, so that e.g. x-momentum flows in the x-direction across the unit surface. The same direction means that $T^{11}$ is pressure (negative or positiv depending on tension or compression). Whereas the non-diagonal elements are shear stress in case the force parallel to the surface.In the FRW context negative pressure acts as repulsive gravity. Regarding a solid body, does negative pressure decrease the effective gravitational mass?Can the non-diagonal shear stress components be negativ and positiv? What would a good example to show that, e.g. the deformation of a elastic ball if a gravitational wave passes by?How does shear stress depending on it\u2018s sign act on gravity (in the sense of attractive vs. repulsive)?Thanks
Equivalence principle and bending of a light ray In some explanations of a phenomena of curved spacetime we have an example of a light ray emitted in a freely falling space ship perpendicular to the direction of a free fall. In this case, for an observer in a spaceship height at which a light ray is emitted is the same as the height at which it hits the oposite wall. For an observer that is not in a free fall but experiencing the effects of gravity, light ray must bend in order to hit that wall of a spaceship. So, my question is this, why does a light ray care at all about the state of motion of its source? Why must it obey the fact that it was made in that space ship and act like it has to hit the wall? I know that this is so, but isnt that funny? One would expect that light ray just goes in a straight line and hits the wall in some other, higher point, from the observers in a spaceship point of view. So it seems that if something happens in an inertial frame, like emission of a light ray, it is somehow bounded to be in that frame in a way. I know that we have to say: motion of that system is relative and there is no way of detecting this but there is no way of detecting this because light ray acts as bounded to that frame. Can we than say that this is the only logical conclusion that does not contradict common sense, because of course, in an inertial frame, one would expect this ray to just go in a straight line, and it does so, but than, in some other frame, same ray MUST bend in order to coincide with that place on the wall where it HAS to hit? 
Where does induced charge come from on conducting sphere? Suppose we have a neutral conducting sphere and we bring a charge $q$ near it. There is an induced charge on the conducting sphere (the integral of the surface charge density is nonzero). But where does this charge come from? How is this possible if all the charge must be on the surface (since it's a conductor) but the net surface charge is originally zero. 
Symmetry groups of 3D systems which are periodic in one direction and homogeneous in the other 2 directions What kind of symmetry groups, analogue of 3D crystallographic space groups, can describe the spatial symmetries of 3D systems which have discrete periodicity in only one direction, but are homogeneous in the 2D transverse plane?What is the classification and the representation theory of such kind of symmetry groups?
If you make an effort to escape a black hole, would your free fall velocity be slowing down? If you make an effort to escape a black hole, would your free fall velocity be slowing down? It is known that you can't escape once you passed event horizon. But is it possible to slow down? Or should I make a sample numbers. The escape velocity where you stand is $1,5 c$, your free fall speed at the moment is $0,75 c$. If the pilot start to begin escape attempt with $0,6 c$ in the normal world, how much is the free fall speed now? Or perhaps instead of slowing down, the free fall become faster now, because it turns out that there is only one direction in the black hole??
Will a \"big rip\" scenario cause an \"absolute zero universe\"? To my best understanding, in a \"big rip\" scenario the universe expands faster and faster, until it expands between particles faster than the particles can hold one another.Does that mean that at some point atoms reach temperature of 0 Kelvin, because the universe expands so fast, there is no way to actually \"move\" anywhere? How does that work with quantum uncertainty?
Is electron/photon wave or particle in Feynman sum over histories formulation? In the famous double slit experiment, a photon ( say) can behave as wave or particle depending on whether there is ( or how) an outside observer measuring the experiment. Copenhagen interpretation interpret this wave-particle duality by saying that the photon behaves as wave when unobserved, and the act of interpretation \"collapses\" the wave function makes it behaves as particle. How would Feynman  sum over histories formulation interpret this duality? Or to put it the other way, how does Feynman sum over histories interpret Quantum decoherence? Or it is just a mathematical tool, nothing more, so it doesn't really care about whether a photon is a wave or particle and there is no underlying QM interpretation?
What happens to the chlorine in epichlorohydrin when a two-part epoxy is air-cured? Where does the chlorine go? Does it evaporate as a by-product or does it remain in the epoxy? I'm using a two-part resin and hardener and curing them at room temp. The resin is bisphenol-A-epichlorohydrin, and I believe the final cured epoxy does not have chlorine as a part of its main structure. I need to know the whereabouts of Cl because I'm trying to study neutron interaction with materials in my detector, and I suspect there's some chlorine in there but not sure entirely.
How to calculate the force of attraction experienced by free electrons in metals? The electrons must experience a net force due to the atoms and other electrons in the system even if its free,that is why it is still in the system and is moving randomly(i think).How to calculate it?
Why electrons in conductors reflect rather than refract? I am kind of curious why they have this directional property when they are re-emitting the EM wave,why they don't re-emit in the direction of the incident wave.Can we make them re-emit in certain direction?.
Bekenstein Bound This info is from WikipediaIn physics, the Bekenstein bound is an upper limit on the entropy S, or information I, that can be contained within a given finite region of space which has a finite amount of energy\u2014or conversely, the maximum amount of information required to perfectly describe a given physical system down to the quantum level.Upon exceeding the Bekenstein bound a storage medium would collapse into a black hole.This finds parallels with the concept of a kugelblitz, a concentration of light or radiation so intense that its energy forms an event horizon and becomes self-trapped: according to general relativity and the equivalence of mass and energy.My question is is there a known quantity of info or anything that is the limit of Bekenstein Bound or needed to overcome it?
Antenna Radiation I am confused by something I have seen discussed but not with full clarity: it has to do with understanding antenna behavior at the quantum level for its own sake (yes, classical approach is easier but that is not what is intriguing me).If photons are created only by electron energy transitions, which always result in very high frequency photon emissions, how can the atomic transitions excited by a radio source connected to an antenna cause the emission of \u201cradio frequency photons\u201d? Are those a popular mis-conception?This is to say: if the antenna material is excited at 100 MHz by an AC source, the photons cannot be 100 MHz photons (E = hv), they would be in multi-THz range, dictated by the energy bands of the antenna material.So this propagating radio wave must then be a train of high-frequency photons leaving the antenna material with an intensity modulated at 100 MHz? That modulated intensity train is received by photon absorption in the receiving antenna in kind, giving a 100 MHz signal current. Correct? Then why is there a bunch of literature saying that radio waves can be seen as \u2018radio frequency photons\u2019? Is it all wrong?And how exactly does QED explain this? I have not studied QED and QM closely, I come from electrical engineering and microwave engineering. Could you share a good lecture or reading source? I believe this is leading me to study how photons could be emitted in a modulated \u2018packet\u2019 so to speak.
DC kilo ampere current carrying wire Can anyone please let me know how to generate kilo ampere current in a given circuit? I am thinking of the possibility of creating a magnetic field in a large solenoid, say of radius 5 m &amp; length 15 m. There cannot be iron core inside the solenoid  to enhance the field. So, to generate 1-2 tesla field, I will need quite large current and the wire should have many turns. It looks like the standard 1 mm wire can carry only 10 A which is not sufficient. But is it impossible to generate kilo ampere level current in non- superconducting wires? If so, what will be the dimensions of the wire? Is there any example to learn from? Any help is appreciated.Regards,Kolahal
DC kilo ampere current carrying wire Can anyone please let me know how to generate kilo ampere current in a given circuit? I am thinking of the possibility of creating a magnetic field in a large solenoid, say of radius 5 m &amp; length 15 m. There cannot be iron core inside the solenoid  to enhance the field. So, to generate 1-2 tesla field, I will need quite large current and the wire should have many turns. It looks like the standard 1 mm wire can carry only 10 A which is not sufficient. But is it impossible to generate kilo ampere level current in non- superconducting wires? If so, what will be the dimensions of the wire? Is there any example to learn from? Any help is appreciated.Regards,Kolahal
Thermal equilibrium vs steady state According to Kirchhoff's law, when two objects are in thermal equilibrium, both objects have the same temperature and each object emits as much energy as it absorbs. Also, the energy absorbed at each wavelength is equal to the energy emitted at the same wavelength.In the case of thermal steady state (like the sun and planet earth), each object maintains its different temperature but they also emit as much as the absorb. However, the energy absorbed at each wavelength is not equal to the energy emitted at the same wavelength.In fact, the incident spectrum and the emitted spectrum are very different. Why?Kirchoff's law, which state the emissivity =absorptivity at the same wavelength is only applicable for thermal equilibrium situations but is not true for steady state situations, correct?
The role of the \"observer\" in quantum theory? I've been reading about different ideas of getting the observer out of quantum theory. One Sean Carroll seems to like is Everett's many worlds concept.I had a thought that I need someone here to shoot down. It could be something as basic as the double slit experiment that proves me to be wrong. Here's my thought:As I see it, we never really \"measure\" the position of something. We sense a photon that is emitted by what we are \"looking\" at. Why couldn't the wave function of a particle just break down at the moment it emits the photon at a specific point in space-time regardless of whether there is an observer or not. After the emission, the particle location would go back to being a probability function.What am I missing?
Can someone please explain the concept 'B' regarding magnetic fields? I can't seem to understand the concept 'B'.I have done a great deal of research regarding magnetism and magnetic fields but I seem to have just complicated the matter further.What I understand so far is that magnetic fields are produced by moving charges &amp; that the magnetic field is a vector field. I understand that a compass can give us the direction of a magnetic field at any point.Now my problem arises. I know that B is called the magnetic field and, from the Lorentz force law, B is the force applied to a moving unit charge in the unit Tesla. However, isn't B also regarded as the magnetic flux density (the amount of flux per unit area)? If this is so, then how can B represent both the magnetic field and the magnetic flux density? Is the magnitude of the magnetic field and magnetic flux density the same thing?Sorry for the length of this, thanks in advance.
Vibration of strings What happens if we clamp a string at both it's ends and pluck it at different distances from one of the ends? Will the frequency of oscillation be the same or will it differ based on the place from where it was plucked?
Does gravity CAUSE the bending of spacetime, or IS gravity the bending of spacetime? In reading these discussions I often see these two different definitions assumed.  Yet they are very different.  Which is correct:  Does gravity CAUSE the bending of spacetime, or IS gravity the bending of spacetime?  Or do we not know?  Or is it just semantics?Would, in the absence of spacetime, my apple still fall to the earth?
Is it possible to apply a torque without a moment arm? In some statics problems, the question may say something like \"a torque is applied about Point B\". I've always assumed this was a simplification and the torque was created using a force and a moment arm. Recently I learned that circularly polarized light can exert a torque on a quarter-wave plate as the plate converts the beam's angular momentum to linear momentum. In this case I can't determine where the moment arm is. Is it possible that there isn't one?
Making an \"Invisible Screen\" Is It Possible? I just want to know, if you used a material like \"Vantablack\" in conjunction with a MetaMaterial that bends light from any direction, around an object Are we able to make an \"Invisibility Cloak\" or, \"Invisibility Screen\"?
Where does the gravitational energy come from We know that when a mass is pulled by gravitation it's kinetic energy increases.This is also the case when a photon is being radiated towards a massive body,its wave length decreases and it's energy increases. Since I know that energy is conserved,my question is,where does this extra energy come from?
Will there be any Charge distributed on the internal surface of an open metallic thin cylinder if some charge is given to the cylinder If there is an open metallic thin cylinder and some charge is given to it, will there be any Charge distributed on the internal surface of the cylinder
Pressure around nozzle of a syringe Around the nozzle of a syringe (which is filled with water and the piston is being pushed in), while applying Bernoulli's equation, will the pressure just outside the syringe be zero or atmospheric pressure? Also, will the velocity of water(not volumetric flow rate) just inside the syringe be zero or some value?Edit: This doubt stems from Irodov's problems in general physics problem 1.322. The question's solution says that pressure outside the nozzle would be zero and velocity inside would be zero, but I fail to understand how that would be correct. In another similar situation(Hole in an open water tank) pressure just outside the hole is always atmospheric pressure. Also, when a nozzle is being pushed with a constant force,i.e. continuous acceleration, shouldn't there be a buildup of velocity in the water in the syringe?
Do any of our satellites or space exploration craft need or use relativity for strictly navigational purposes? I thought I read somewhere that everything we've ever sent into space used only Newton for navigation, because relativistic effects are orders of magnitude smaller than other causes of course deviation.But now I can't find it. Now all I can find is articles about probes testing various aspects of relativity--but nothing about whether relativity was necessary for navigation, beyond the needs of the experiment.Do we need relativity for navigating the solar system?
Where does energy in osmosis come from? So I get that work is done when a net force converts potential to heat or kinetic. But I also understand that osmosis is driven purely by entropic processes. There is no net force, only a statistical change driven by random motion. So where does the energy, aka osmotic power or pressure actually come from. It seems contradictory that it is purely entropic yet releases free energy.
How to know the direction of rotation of a body? I have a doubt that does the net torque on a body gives the sense of rotation of the body,i.e, clockwise rotation or anticlockwise rotation,or does it only give the sense of angular acceleration of the body.
Is there an assymetry between energy stored in the magnetic field vs energy released when a core is present in an inductor? I'm trying to nail down a few concepts on inductance.  Let me frame my confusion:Take an inductor with an air core.  As current is applied, energy is stored within the magnetic field that the inductor creates.  Initially, the current is inhibited from rising quickly since energy is being used to build the magnetic field.  Due to the finite series resistance, the current cannot infinity increase, and similarly, the stored energy in the inductor's field levels off.  If the RL circuit is suddenly opened, the field collapses, and becomes a source of electrical energy for the system to maintain a continuous current.  From what I've read, the details on how energy is precisely stored and how the field exactly collapses are very complex.  I am okay with not getting into the weeds on that.What I am confused about is the situation that arises when a ferromagnetic core is present.  Now the small field created by the inductor can be amplified by the magnetic domains of the core.  But there are a few edge cases that are tripping me up, so I'll walk through the same initial conditions and steady state conditions that I did with the air core.  Initially, energy is being stored in the magnetic field of the core material, this occurs by setting the domains.  If the core saturates, there are no more domains to be set, and therefore no more energy is stored in the field, aka the inductance drops drastically.  When the current is removed and the magnetic field collapses, it seems like this is analogous to saying that the magnetic domains 're-scatter' in the core, as a result of losing the magnetic field energy that bound them to be in line.  However, there is residual magnetism due to the hysteresis bh curve.  But if this remaining energy did not dissipate back into the circuit, why isn't there an assymetry to the inductance value when charging and discharging.  Energy that was used to build the field did not get expelled back into the circuit.  The charge and collapse of the field seems asymmetric with a core.  What am I missing?
Invisible energy in hadronic calorimeters Hadronic calorimeters are more difficult to be built than electromagnetic ones because the cascade containment is much larger for former. There is also some \"invisible\" energy that is not contained in the detector (and therefore not measured). This invisible energy is carried by neutrons not detected in the calorimeters and other particles/processes. I would like to know if somebody could point me which particles might be carrying this invisible energies or in which processes it might be loss and not measured  
Wavelength and penetration by EM radiation I'd like you to clarify the relationship which relates penetration power by EM radiation with its wavelength (or inverse of frequency).Suppose we conduct an experiment, irradiating a body with different wavelengths but keeping the amount of power per surface unit constant (so I reckon we have to reduce the power by the emitter as we shorten the wavelength, correct me if I'm wrong). Please appreciate that the body is always the same, so we can leave out the material's characteristics.  We should observe that as we move to higher frequencies, the radiation penetrates less and less into the body (again, tell me if I'm wrong).First question: why EM radiation is less penetrating at higher frequencies?However, one knows that the most penetrating form of EM are the gamma rays (that is, the radiation with the shortest wavelength), which seems to be in contrast with the above observation.So I gather that gamma rays are highly penetrative just because of the high energy they carry by the vitue of their high frequency. If we could manage to keep constant the net amount of electromagnetic power per surface unit, gamma rays would be LESS penetrating than, say, visible light.Am I correct?
Weyl Semimetal and Fermi Velocity In a Weyl semimetal, the Nielson-Ninomiya theorem enforces the fact that number of positive and negative chirality Weyl points must be equal.Is there any restriction on the form of the Weyl points? That is to say, given a pair of Weyl points, can the positive chirality point have a different Fermi velocity than the negative chirality point (in the absence of symmetries relating the two)?If it is true that the Fermi velocities are allowed to be different, are there any physical consequences of this difference?
Why isn't work done when carrying a backpack with constant velocity? Here's an excerpt from my textbook:<blockquote>  In the following situations, state whether work is being done, and why or why not.    A) A person carrying a backpack walking across a floor    B) A person shoveling snow across a driveway at a constant speed</blockquote>The solutions are:<blockquote>  A) No work is being done on the bag because the direction of motion is perpendicular to the direction of force due to gravity    B) Work is being done on the shovel because the direction of motion and the direction of the applied force is the same</blockquote>I have no issue with situation B, but situation A bothers me.  Although I agree that no work is being done by the forces of gravity and the force applied to hold it up, is it not the case that the person is applying a force forward to the bag as they walk, and therefore work is being done by that force?  To make things a bit more uniform (since walking is a jerky motion), presuming that the person wearing the bag is riding a bike at a constant speed, that means that they have to apply a force that balances wind resistance.I might say that since there is no net force there is no work being done, but then situation B would have no work being done as well, since the shovel/snow are moving at a constant speed.Where did I misread this?
Can total internal reflection be used to create a source of light which will never be used up? I am a science student and was thinking of something great for a science model , Thought of this, please tell me will this work and also suggest some other ideas that can be used to make good working model kind of thing;Q ) Can we create something transparent where we can trap the light with TIR and use it as a source of light which will be never used up, like the light will be therein trapped forever but will give us some kind of energy or so;thinks it is kind of silly and impossible;
Which orbital will a free electron occupy in a hydrogen atom? if we were to hold an electron really close to an hydrogen atom that lacks an electron, and then we were to release the electron without adding any kinetic energy to itWhich orbital would that electron occupy ? 
How can you show diffeomorphism invariance of closed string field theory? String Field theory if it predicts General Relativity should have 26D space-time diffeomorphism invariance (presumably). How can one show that Closed String Field Theory has this symmetry?(Besides just saying it contains a spin-2 field as one of the components).
The classical electrodynamic atom What methods have been used to rigorously prove that classical electrodynamics does not admit a robustly stable atom? The conclusion is often stated and I am aware of the standard responses such as the sub-second collapse of the classical version of the Bohr atom. I am also aware of static stable configurations that are not stable under perturbations (the robust condition). This question is asking about broader techniques and techniques that are rigorous and not approximations. It is not a question about quantum mechanics and I have a moderately strong academic background in theoretical mechanics. 
Body Rotation in a Molecular Dynamics Simulation I have been trying to simulate particles trapped in a parabolic potential in two dimensions. Due to the circular symmetry of the system, in the ground state at zero temperature, the particles are seen to arrange themselves in concentric rings. As I increase the temperature gradually, the expected result is to observe fluctuations about the mean position. However, due to the circular symmetry in the system, the particles are seen to undergo a body rotation. Can anyone please suggest a way to circumvent this self-rotation? It is imperative that the total energy remains constant during the simulation. 
What happens when an electric charge crosses the event horizon? Let's say a charged particle is falling into a black hole. What happens immediately after the particle crosses the horizon? It seems to me that one of these two situations will take place.The charge is instantaneously distributed on the surface of the horizon. It looks like this scenario breaks the local conservation of electric charge. Not only this, but charge density moving instantly from one end of the horizon to another would generate an infinite electromagnetic field.The charge is not instantaneously distributed on the surface of the horizon. But this would violate the no-hair theorem, because the black hole would have a non-uniform charge distribution.
How does visible light generate heat? I work in a chemistry laboratory. We are currently trying to understand photochemistry. In our studies, we typically use LEDs of different wavelengths. For example, 365 nm, 405 nm and 450 nm. When I shine the LEDs on surfaces such as a bench or skin and try to measure the temperature of the surface, the temperature goes up as the wavelength increases. My understanding was that IR light is associated with thermal heating. Could someone explain how in the series of LEDs I am using, longer wavelengths tend to generate more heat compared to shorter ones? I think all 3 LEDs are of similar intensity.
What is the basis of the use of Hermitian matrices as quantum gates? Because all quantum gates must be unitary matrices, it is possible to prove the no cloning theorem by showing that no quantum gate can output two identical copies of an arbitrary inputted qubit.This lead me to the question of why are quantum gates modeled using unitary matrices in the first place? Why does every action in a quantum system have to be reversible? Why does not being able to clone a qubit mean we can't clone a qutrit or any other quantum particle/configuration/system?Assuming these things is very useful in quantum computing, but I want to know what is the quantum mechanical basis of representing these things as solely unitary matrices and nothing else.EDIT: Clarified question.
What is the range of electric field of an photon? Obviously every electric field has an specific range upto which it can have effect on.What is the range from the median line for an electric field of a photon.As most physics textbooks and physicist visualize the electric field of an photon as straight line and also the electric field has only one electric field strength at an instant.How this visulaization affect the range.Does it have effect on particles on the left and right side of the straight line that we visualized.This may be a bizzare question,but we got to understand everything about it to manipulate it.So please give your best opinions,Thank you.
Could matter in the universe come from some process other than the decay of inflaton field? Could matter in the universe come from some process other than the decay of inflaton field?  Do we have any theoretical reasons that support the idea that matter was created from the decay of inflaton field?
Motion of head during sneezing When we sneeze, our head moves forward.However since the air from our mouth moves forward with a high velocity, shouldn't the head should recoil backwards (like a gun, to conserve the momentum) instead of moving forward?
Would it be possible to invert a tokamak to make a solar probe? I was just browsing random stuff on the internet, and I came across this article about the parker solar probe. The rhetoric was like \"oh my, the sun is so hot but the probe won't melt.. etc. etc.\and I had a flash back to someone lecturing about tokamak fusion, so I thought the article was going to say something about magnetic fields, but it didn't. And as I was thinking about it I remembered the earths magnetic field, but that just channels the suns plasma to the poles? For a solar probe you'd need to channel the plasma from coming directly towards the object to going any other direction... it's like the opposite of confinement need for fusion, but I'm not smart enough to think about it that abstractly and say it's possible...
Why is sound produced when we hit a metal? We all know that metal are sonorous and produce sound on hitting but why is sound produced I thought that it might be a way of energy released on inelastic collision but then why not heat as heat is also a form of energy that can be released 
O2 molecues speed in air, and their limit Temperature is the proportional measure of kinetic energy of the random motion of the constituent micro particles in a system as per wikipedia.Now I understand that O2 molecules are randomly moving in air at normal temperatures.I could not find if we could define the speed of these molecules at a certain temperature.Obviously these particles with rest mass cannot move as fast as light. So they must cause a max limit to temperature.I wanted to know if there was a limit to the temperature of air (gases) due to this speed limit of their constituent gas molecules? Is this temperature the absolute max (like absolute min 0 K)? Have we ever seen anything close to this in the universe?Question:What is the speed of the random motion of O2 molecules in air at normal temperature (20Celsius)Is there a function or equation that would describe the connection directly between this speed of the O2 molecules and the temperature of the air they are in? Does this speed (must be smaller then c) give a limit to the absolute max temperature?
What actually is the EMF in a current carrying wire? My basic idea of what a DC current is that, when a potential difference is applied to the ends of wire it creates a force which propagates through the wire all the way to the other end. It propagates in this way - Since the only mobile charges are electrons therefore positive part of the battery applies an EMF which pulls the nearby electrons from the wire connected to positive terminal and which subsequently leaves the blank positively charged site which is then filled by the nearby atom and so on. This happens throughout the wire, and at the end, near the negative terminal fresh electrons are supplied constantly. So in a current, blank positive sites are constantly created which then pulls the nearby electrons.Now, my query is that - Is it necessary that the blank positive site created has the EMF equal to that of the battery at the end ? If so, why ? Will it not depend upon the amount of blank positive sites created at one point (in other words \"concentration\") which will eventually pull the electrons with more force ? What if the wire is very thin ?
Why is beam forming more energy efficient than a straight up omnidirectional signal? Someone tried to explain the process of beam forming to me, and how beam forming is far more efficient than an omnidirectional signal of similar amplitude.This seemed obvious at the time: the power of the signal is proportional to the integral over time, so since the magnitude is only large in the desired direction, you only need to supply the power for that part.But from what I understood, beam forming is using interference patterns to make sure that the signal strength in one direction (the 'beam') is much larger than others. I assume that the maximum amplitude of the signal cannot become larger than the sum of the amplitudes of the point sources.So let's say that I have 2 point sources to form my (admittedly pretty terrible) beam. I model them as both sending out sine waves with amplitude A omnidirectionally. The maximum amplitude of the interference is now 2*A. And the power consumed scales with twice the integral of the sine over time. Now compare this to a single omnidirectional point source of equivalent amplitude (2*A). This also scales with twice the integral of the sine over time. So where do the power savings come in? Is it because I ignored the reduction of the signal strength with distance? But that should scale inversely with distance^2 either way, right? Are my cows too spherical?
How could an alien mega structure such as a Dyson Sphere be detected? A friend of mine was telling me that if there is an alien structure out there, we could detect it by the energy it would be producing or sending out. Im aware of hubble\u2019s mission (RIP) and how we could make calculations base on transit, but never heard of such a thing... is it true? Thanks in advance!
State, Dynamics and Interpretation in QFT In physical theories that are farther away from our everyday experience, part of the difficulty, apart from the math by itself, lies in grasping the physical meaning of the theory. In quantum mechanics, I think I only managed to start to make sense of things when I clearly saw the following three separate constituents as separate ingredients:Physical state, as an abstract element of a given Hilbert (state) space, or maybe a more concrete representation as an $L^2$ space of functions. This is the true objective physical reality, without necessarily assigning an a priori physical meaning to it yet.Dynamics: these are the laws of physics, of time evolution and interaction. They allow us to make predictions about states. In this case it is the Schr\u00f6dinger or the Heisenberg equation of motion which exactly prescribes how a physical state evolves in time. Even though I really like the elegance of the Heisenberg picture, I think that for the clear distinction of state and evolution the Schr\u00f6dinger picture may be more appropriate.Interpretation: this is the step in which meaning is assigned to physical states. Though we have our objective physical states and their behaviour over time and through interactions from the previous two points, we still need a way to link this to the physical world we see around us. In quantum mechanics this would be the Born rule, which to a given quantum state associates probabilities of outcomes of measurements.In different contexts it may be useful to start mixing these ingredients up in different ways or abstracting them away, like in the Heisenberg picture, where the first two (an in a way the third as well) are mostly intertwined, in quantum computation where the dynamics are essentially fully abstracted away into quantum circuits while retaining state and interpretation/measurement in a very essential way, and in the path integral formalism you mostly abandon the actual physical state and restrict to classical states and transition probabilities, thus retaining only the last two. Even then, I think that mentally having access to these three clearly distinguished ingredients as listed gives a very useful framework to fall back onto in case of confusion.In quantum field theory I'd like to have a similar mental framework, but I didn't really manage so far. To start, I guess the physical state would be a classical (scalar, vector, spinor) field. We usually work with fields of operators, but I guess we really are in the Heisenberg picture then, which in the treatments of QFT that I have seen so far seems to be a much more fundamentally useful or necessary way of looking at things than in quantum mechanics, where it is essentially an alternative way to (mathematically) look at something that was well-defined already. Then the few things that we can compute (scattering, decay) are done by perturbation theory to partially evaluate the Dyson series. In this process, I feel that state, dynamics and interpretation are intertwined in a very intricate way, that doesn't help me in forming the mental framework that would help me order my understanding.Is there any way to think about state, dynamics and interpretation in a way similar to quantum mechanics? In particular, with a state that is essentially a classical field, and dynamics that can be formulated independent of observables or outcomes of measurements? If this question doesn't make sense, if you can explain me why that will also without a doubt be very enlightening. 
When to use TDSE and when to use TISE? I am new to QM but I don't really understand when to use time dependent or time independent schrodingers equation? For example, for a free particle in a box, how do we know we should use TISE. more specifically, how do you determine if a wave function should be time dependent?
Potential inside a uniformly charged spherical shell If electric field inside the uniformly charged spherical shell is zero then how potential will be a non-zero constant equal to potential of shell, since there is no need to do work in moving a charge in forceless field?
Day/Year Length Of Larger, but same mass, Earth? I\u2019m wondering how the length of a day and year would change on Earth if it was twice as big, but the same mass (less density)?Also, would such a difference cause it to orbit closer or further from the sun, or the same?I found plenty of people asking this same question, though with a more massive Earth, but my curiosity has been piqued. 
Why are there three $p$-orbitals? This question is specifically about Schr\u00f6dinger quantum mechanics, but if an answer in some other mode would illuminate it could be acceptable, as demonstrating a physical or mathematical reason for added axioms.In short - since the p-orbital has rotational symmetry about only one axis, but the potential of a point charge has spherical symmetry, a specific solution corresponding to a p-orbital should also be a solution when arbitrarily rotated. That means there is an infinite number of p-orbital solutions in this context. However, the dimension of the solution space for the given energy, that is, the eigenspace for the given eigenvalue is presumably exactly three. One can use three axial p-orbitals to span the whole eigenspace.Thus the exclusion principle for fermions seems to be that there are at most the dimension of the eigenspace number of particles in an eigenspace rather than 1 particle in an orbital, if an orbital is taken as a solution to the Schr\u00f6dinger equation. Can anyone confirm or deny this line of reasoning? And provide a reference to explicit statement in the literature?
Is quantum field theory a field theory of quantum mechanics or a quantum theory of fields? Quantum field theory can describe and extend phenomena of classical fields, such as electromagnetism. I had assumed for a long time that it was itself a \"field theory\by which I mean it is a set of rules for the evolution of 'states' with the states being fields in the physics sense, ie. some function from a point in space to a value in a domain that is fixed for the theory. However the Fock space formalism seems to strongly suggest against this, with states being expressed as amplitudes relating to configurations of particles (in position representation). Particle configurations being nonlocal (and this being the essence of entanglement as I understand) it seems very distant from any description as a field in the sense I mean above.In case what I want is not precise enough or clear enough from my description above to answer, I would like to know if quantum field theory can admit a description such that:The theory has a 'state' which is some kind of data for each point in a region of space of interestThe phenomena at a point can be calculated from only the state data at that point (up to best knowable probabilities etc.)The evolution of state data at a point over time can be calculated from only state data in the spacetime neighborhood of that point, or where the point is near the boundary of the region of interest, with some extra boundary informationIf we choose to reconsider a scenario with an expanded region of interest, identical results are achieved as with the previous smaller region, and all the data within that region is the same, with all the information required for these calculations that was previously provided by the boundary information of the smaller region now being provided by the state data at the points where the boundary previously was. ie. there is no requirement for new information within the old region to represent additional (ie nonlocal) interactions now we have a larger region.Note:Because there appears to have been some confusion; when I write 'state' I don't mean a quantum state ie. a ket, I mean a state in the general sense.
Why are higher magic numbers not accurately predicted if nuclear potential is assumed to be a central potential? Nuclei with magic numbers have a higher stability that those without. If we think of the nuclear potential as a central potential though these magic numbers aren't predicted accurately. Why is this so?
Internal energy of dielectric I have a plate capacitor with a given charge. It is then dipped in a dielectric fluid and I must determine which height the fluid reaches (all the necessary parameters are given). I can solve this problem if I make the following assumption: the polarization of the dielectric does not( or approximately does not) change its internal energy.Is this a reasonable assumption? If so why?
Life around a different element from Carbon On Earth, life developed around Carbon (and Hydrogen and Oxygen). I guess this depends on the availability of those elements, but also on the spectrum of radiation and Temperature and Pressure. Under different conditions, could have life developed around a different element, like Silicon?To formulate the question in a different way: are there some physical conditions, for example high pressure/temperature under which chemistry would be different? in particular can someone think of some physical conditions under which silicon would develop polymers / complex molecules?
Is it possible to avoid a dangerous collision with the ground after free fall by converting the potential energy into rotational kinetic energy? Is a human body able to survive if someone sabotages your parachute and you're in a free fall towards earth suddenly realizing that you have one out of two options left- either die or stand on the ground and directly converting all the potential energy into kinetic energy in form of a front roll? Would that be possible? Maybe we need to consider the type of ground too (muddy, soft ground, rocky ground,...).
Can visible light be composed of invisible electromagnetic frequencies? I know that when we see red light (via electromagnetic frequencies in the red range) and blue light (via electromagnetic frequencies in the blue range)  at the same time, we perceive it as magenta light.Is it possible for non visible electromagnetic frequencies (such as ultraviolet and infrared) to combine in a way that makes us see it as a visible light?
What is the difference in conditions of a free electron in metal and a isolated free electron in space-time? I am asking that what environment does the free electrons in metal have,what is net electric fields,force experienced by them.does they have transitions like valence electrons.can they be compared to an isolated electron?.
Collapse of the wave function and switching off measurement device before particles hit the wall detector Would collapsing wave function by measuring/observing and then quickly turning off measurement device cause to uncollapse wave function?  so it goes like this : wave--->particle---> wave(hits the wall)
Are *all* quantum states indeterminate if they are outside the observer's light cone? Is the state of a particle arriving from outside an observer's light cone merely unknown, or is it quantum mechanically indeterminate?I guess the question needs a background in the form of a gedankenexperiment, so let's assume that someplace far away and long ago, someone (person B) built a laser that emits individual vertically polarized photons spaced at uniform time intervals, then passed the laser beam through a polarizing beamsplitter tilted at 45 degrees, then directed the emerging beam in our direction.  Person B also sets up a detector to detect any photons deflected by the beamsplitter, thereby obtaining a set of measurements we can represent as a random string of 1's and 0's.  Person B knows that the beam on its way toward us is the complement of the beam he has detected, and can be described as the complement of the string of 1's and 0's he detected.  So, from Person B's perspective the photons in the beam are sent toward us in a way that corresponds deterministically to the 1's and 0's he detected.Because it takes time for Person B's light beam to get to us, we know that the beam was emitted at a point outside our light cone.  Because the beam eventually does get to us, we know that at that point of arrival our light cone intersects with the light cone of the emission event.  IF we know (perhaps because Person B sent us a text message on his laser beam) that Person B set up his experiment the way he did, we can detect the timing with which the incoming photons arrive and thereby infer the string of 1's and 0's Person B has recorded.  So far, this is essentially identical to establishing a quantum key (can't correctly say that the key is \"transmitted\").  Person B's random string is entangled with the random string we detect at our end.Edit 8/11/18:  Now reduce the number of photons in the beam to two.  That is, we can receive only (1,1),(1,0),(0,1) or (0,0), and Person B can, correspondingly, only have (0,0),(0,1),(1,0), or (1,1) at his end.  In effect, Person B is sending us the value of two qbits which can each have either the value 1 or the value 0.  (I know-- some more photons would need to be sent to tell us when to start our clock, etc., but I assume we can ignore that without confusing the results.)  The point is that Person B can send us a quantum object whose state he knows, and he is sending it from outside our light cone.This seems to be a significantly different situation than the standard EPR scenario, in which travelers A and B carry entangled quantum objects to widely separated points and then perform measurements, because in the standard scenario the entangled objects and the travelers have a common origin so they are always within each others' light cones.Here is the first part of my question, which seems easy to answer:Does the quantum object (the (1,1),(1,0),(0,1) or (0,0) signal) arrive in a mixed state?  My first inclination is to say \"no\because Person B knows what it's going to be.  But in an EPR experiment, the order in which the measurements occur depends on the frame of reference -- so it's improper to say that one traveler's measurement causes the other traveler's measurement to have the same value. So, in some sense, in the scenario I'm proposing, the combined states of Person B's recorded signal and our detected signal are a single quantum object.  That is, from our perspective Person B's recorded signal is not determined until we detect the incoming signal (billions of years later). In other words, the signal should arrive in a mixed state.The second part of my question is: \"Does every particle arriving from outside our light cone arrive in a mixed state?\".  I think the answer is \"yes\" (complicated somewhat by possible entanglements between the arriving particles), but haven't come up with convincing arguments.  The closest I've come to an argument is to point out that the state of a particle arriving from outside our light cone is inherently unknowable in advance -- which sounds a lot like the definition of a mixed state.
Internal and external forces When a person lifts a book while standing on the earth's surface. Why is his force considered external to the book-earth system? Isn't his force internal like the case of the forces that cause the exploson of a bomb. I think the forces the person exerts on both the book and the earth are internal since they are equal but opposite therefore resulting in the position of the centre of mass of the system being maintained and if i'm right is the mechanical energy of the system constant?  Am i wrong? Please correct me.  
Principle of reversibility of light in case of refraction at the critical angle In the case where light is moving from denser medium to a rarer medium, at the critical angle, the refracted ray will be parallel to the surface. Now according to the principle of reversibility of light, if we reverse the direction of light, it will follow the same path. But in this case, if we reverse the direction of light, that is, send a ray parallel to the surface, how will it retrace its path since the ray will never cross the surface?
Relativistic speed Ion engine I'm a newbie so this might be obvious to others but....if the specific impulse of an ion engine is limited by it's fuel load then why not accelerate singular fuel (krypton) ions to relativistic speeds before exhausting them out of the engine. Does Newton's law apply? Does the increased mass of the ion give an equal and opposite reaction whilst still within the engines accelerator?
Holographic Superfluid Space Time and Temperature I am approaching this from a layman\u2019s perspective and curious about what those more expert in the field have to say about my understanding of Superfluid vacuum theory and the holographic principle and my corresponding question.Recent studies (I believe these were mathematical modeling studies rather than experiments) have suggested that superfluids; specifically liquid helium, exhibit similar holographic characteristics as blackholes. That is that their entropy/informational content is proportional to their surface area rather than their volume. Similarly the universe has been calculated to have this holographic nature; that it\u2019s informational content corresponds to its scale in 2 dimensions rather than 3.My understanding of superfluids are that they form at extremely low temperatures; close to absolute zero. That once formed such superfluids (droplets of them propelled by pilot waves on their surface) can exhibit properties seen in wave particle duality and quantum tunneling. That superfluids expand or spread to equilibrium regardless of gravity similar to the way in which the universe is seemingly accelerating in expansion towards a \u201ccold death\u201d. Aspects such as these have been referenced to suggest the universe or reality itself is at a fundamental level a superfluid. (Superfluid vacuum theory)My question is whether such a superfluid model of reality is suggestive of the possibility that space time itself undergoes \u201cphase changes\u201d and therefore may not always have behaved the way that it does now. I note the temperature of the universe is very close to absolute zero but it has been cooling since the \u201cBig Bang\u201d. Could it be that the Big Bang itself was infact some form of phase change whereby our laws of physics and reality itself essentially condensed into existence as a zero viscosity holographic superfluid the surface of which all information is represented on? Would this then suggest that the universe may have existed prior to the Big Bang but simply in a very different form (one where quantum mechanics would not have functioned as it does now)?
Why do things spin? Let's say I have 2 boxes, one of mass M and one of mass 2M. They are separated by a distance of 1 meter. I drop them from the same height and see that due to the earth's gravity, they accelerate at the same rate towards the ground. Now, I connect them with a meter long bar. I have 3 questions:If I let them go from an airplane, with the bar connecting one to the other, will they spin as they fall through the air? I think not, because they have the same acceleration.If I attach them to a wall so that the bar isn't allowed to fall, and I put the pivot point right in the middle of them, can someone please explain (without torque please, since torque states they spin but doesn't really explain why) why is it that they spin? (Read the question below, I think its really similar to this one but states my confusion better).And just one more thing (this is exactly like the earth question but I think it shows my confusion more clearly). If I'm in space, with the boxes connected by the bar but the bar not attached to anything, and I attach little rockets to each of the boxes so that the rockets fire in the same direction, my intuition tells me in order to keep it from spinning the rocket on the smaller mass M must be exerting half the force than the rocket on the bigger mass 2M in order to give them the same acceleration and keep them from spinning. However, if I then fix the bar on a pivot point in space, what changes depending on where on the bar I put the pivot point if regardless of the pivot point the boxes have the same acceleration? Why is it that if I put it closer to 2M the bar doesn't spin, but if I put it smack in the middle or closer to M the bar spins? Again, an explanation without torque would be greatly appreciated.
Magnetic field lines due to two long parallel wires There are two current carrying wires A and B both with same current (i) in same direction (outwards) , the rough representation of magnetic field lines looks like the diagram. O is the mid point of AB. I want to know what the field lines look like near to the point O
How exactly does nuclear reactor work in generating energy, when the energy created from fission transformed into binding energy? I asked this question because I'm a bit confused about the concept of binding energy.From my understanding, in a nuclear reactor, Uranium-235 atoms are bombarded with neutrons so that fission reactions occur. The products of the reaction has a total mass that is less than the reactants' total mass (Uranium-235 and a neutron) and thus there is a mass defect and this mass defect has transformed into the binding energy in the products by Einsteins equation E=mc^2If the mass defect turned into binding energy, and binding energy refers to the energy used to keep the nucleons of an atom or together,  then how is energy generated in a nuclear reactor for human consumption?Shouldn't the mass defect be instead transformed into heat energy to create steam to drive the turbines in the nuclear reactor to generate electricity for human consumption?
What is the largest wavelength that can excite an atom? What is the largest wavelength that can excite an atom? Or is there even a largest wavelength?
Is the space between galaxies that are close to each other contracting? The Milky Way and Andromeda are moving towards each other as indicated by blueshift.Are they just moving towards each other through space or the space between them contracting?
How can depletion region be formed at the center? Let's consider an electron at the junction in the n-type region. As it moves into the p-type we say it leaves behind a positive ion and hence in this way electrons at the junction in the n-type create a positive space charge region. But as an electron (at the junction) moves into the p-type, its position would be occupied by another electron waiting at the back (because all the electrons are in random motion). So if we see in this way ultimately a positive space charge would be developed at the surface of the n region.so whats wrong with my understanding?
Experimental proof of space expansion We know the universe expands with the space expansion. This follows from the FLRW solution that nicely explains the observed Hubble flow. (Since any existing acceleration is extremely small, let's assume for simplicity it is zero.)A uniform expansion of space does not apply any forces on bodies, so they move exactly the same way as they would in a non-expanding space. For example, if two bodies are at rest relative to each other, but space between them expands, then they would remain at rest relative to each other the same way as they would in a non-expanding space. In other words, the expansion of space cannot be detected by observing the motion of massive bodies (as long as they don't cross the cosmic horizon).The expansion does affect the speed of light, as observed remotely. The expansion also creates a cosmic horizon, beyond which nothing can be detected. Have these effects ben observed? Are there any experimental results showing that space actually expands as opposed to the galaxies simply flying apart on inertia?
Experimental tests of QFT in curved spacetime In terms of QFT in curved spacetime (qftics), are there any known tests that confirm/void it to be a correct prescription for a first order approximation quantum theory of gravity? Obviously the extension makes some sense but how is it confirmed? I know there are a lot of tests including Lorentz violation in qft, ultimately a possible search route to test qftics, but if there are more specific cases this would be extremely useful to know about.
Normal reaction by sand Newton's laws states that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. That is why we do not sink in ground because we apply a force of mg on the ground and the ground responds with a reaction force whose magnitude is equal to mg but is opposite in direction. This makes us able to stand on ground but when we stand on sand then we sink in it beacuse instead of applying a reaction force equal to mg, the sand moves away. So my question is that if the sand does not apply a reaction force then does it violates Newton's third law.
Energy lost through phosphorescence? I have done a lot of research on phosphorescence and luminescence,  and I believe that UV markers rely on the effect of phosphorescence i.e. they take in UV radiation and give back radiation in the visible light spectrum (purple), which has a lower frequency/energy.This is what I saw on Wikipedia<blockquote>  Fluorescence is the emission of light by a substance ... In most cases, the emitted light has a longer wavelength, and therefore lower energy, than the absorbed radiation</blockquote>Where does the energy go? It surely cannot vanish!Tell me if this effect applies for phosphorescence as wellBTW: Try to keep the language of the answer simple (I'm 14)
In what cases should plasmas be considered compressible? I was listening to a lecture where it was mentioned incompressibility was assumed during derivation of an electrostatic instability, but incompressibility was not assumed for an electromagnetic instability. Although I was not given further explanation for the physical reasoning for the intuition behind this step for these particular derivations. Thus, more generally, when should incompressibility be approximately valid (e.g. fluid flow is much smaller than sound speed)? 
Are the curvature Frank elastic constants of the liquid crystal the no-zero elements of the 6x6 elastic (stiffness) matrix? I was reading Landau's book on elasticity theory, and it raised this doubt.Can anyone help me? 
If we can say that the probability of finding an electron is 0.9 at point x, how does this tie in with the fact that an electron is a wave? Shouldn't the electron be everywhere because it is a wave? Or am I wrong, an electron is not a wave? It just has an associated wave function that determines where it might be?
Why do we use the rotating wave picture to make approxiamations in open quantum systems? Why do we use the rotating wave picture to make approxiamations in open quantum systems? I understand why we use the Heisenberg picture when switching to the interaction picture. But why rotating picture?
Is the inflaton field baryon symmetric? The theory states that after inflation ends, the energy stored in the inflaton field decays to produce particles.Does the inflaton field have baryon number associated with it?Is the field baryon symmetric and produce asymmetry after the decay?
Why do tea leaves go to the center of the cup? When I stir my tea with a spoon, I observe that the tea leaves all eventually concentrate in the center of the cup. Clearly they go against the centrifugal force. Why?Yet when I put the cup in the center of the rotating platter of my gramophone turntable, the tea leaves concentrate at the edge following the centrifugal force.The surface of the tea is concave with the depth lower in the center in both cases. Thus the pressure in the center cannot be higher than at the edge. The tea leaves drown, so they are heavier than water and should not move to where pressure is lower.So why do the tea leaves move to the center?In response to the possible duplicate, the earlier question does not include the case of a rotating turntable and therefore has a lesser scope. In addition, the method of stiring is different, so the question is not a duplicate. Finally, the earlier question does not have a complete correct answer, but only a reference to the Elkman layer for a further research. Thus my question is not at all addressed earlier from any angle. The second link also does not address the case of the rotating turntable, explaining where, how, and why the leaves would collect in this case.
What is the energy required to create a gravitational field equivalent to that a mass $m$ shows? If the mass of a neutron star in its collapse becomes a singularity, then the resting energy of this gravitational field must be $E = mc^2$ ($m$ = star mass).Is this possibility wrong? 
For a molecule, does the term 'thermal vibration' mean the same thing as 'molecular vibration'? When speaking of a molecule, do both terms ('thermal vibration' and 'molecular vibration') describe the same thing, being the one and only periodic motion of the atoms within the molecule? Or, are thermal vibrations technically something different than molecular vibrations? I've read about random motions of the atoms in molecules being the thermal vibrations. Random doesn't sound like the periodic motions though (the molecular vibrations).Any clarification would help. Thanks so much.
On Harmonics In Physics I am an IB physics student. I am very confused about the concept of first, second, third, etc harmonics. My questions are: How does a wave get from first to second harmonic, and from second harmonic to third harmonic etc? What do we need to do to a wave to get it there? Increase the speed, frequency, wavelength, etc? Let's take a free ended rope being oscillated at second harmony. Compared to the fundamental wave, the frequency of the wave now is two times higher, and the wavelength is two times less than the fundamental wave. Does this mean that at second harmony, the speed of the wave increases? Can you please try to explain this simply, at the level of a someone who still hasn't learnt Calculus based physics? Thanks.
Quantum tunnelling, energy conservation If we allow that the energy to allow quantum tunnelling through a potential barrier has been borrowed by the Heisenberg energy-time uncertainty relation, from the vacuum energy. How is the borrowed energy paid back?
Adiabatic closed system work The closed system work PdV is path dependent but it is path independent for an adiabatic process as can be shown by applying conservation of energy on a closed system (dQ = dE + PdV),here dE is change in energy  of system &amp; dQ is change in heat, here for adiabatic dQ=0 , so PdV= -dE, since energy of a system is it's property so it is path independent and hence in this case work is also independent of path). I have this homework question:<blockquote>  It is desired to bring about a certain change in the state of a system by performing work on the system under adiabatic conditions.     a) The amount of work needed is path dependent.    b) Work alone cannot bring about such a change of state.    c) The amount of work needed is independent of path.    d) More information is needed to conclude anything about the path dependence or otherwise of the work needed.</blockquote>The answer given is (a). Shouldn't it be (c)? Or is there an exception to above said condition.
Does 'special relativity + newtonian gravity' predict gravitational bending of light? It seems to me that special relativity (SR) already predicts that gravity will bend light rather than this effect being a proof of general relativity (GR). Photons have energy proportional to their frequency and according to $E = mc^2$ they also have a tiny, but non-zero relativistic mass equivalence. I have read the semantic argument that gravity deals with invariant or rest mass, but this should apply to a hypothetical photon at rest, not to real photons at velocity $c$.I have considered the possibility that the SR effect is much smaller than the GR effect. GR explains the equivalence of inertial mass and gravitational mass as inherent rather than being a puzzling coincidence, but it is true in Newton's gravity, SR, and GR, so the quantitative difference between GR and SR does not seem right. 
What happens in an organ pipe at frequencies other than the harmonics? I learned that, at frequencies corresponding to harmonics, standing waves are formed. But what actually happens at other frequencies? Won't the reflected wave superimpose with the original wave? Do any other phenomena happen?
Loudness of air movement Is the soundpressure, which is created by air movement, the same as if it is created by sounds? If you use a microphone with a pop filter and without a pop filter and you blow into it, than there is a huge difference in soundpressure, but is this really soundpressure like from a noise?For example:Noise is a longitudinal airwave, which deflects the microphone membrane and is than registered by the microphone. But if I blow air onto that membrane it is only deflected in one direction as long as the wind blow goes and it does not create a \u201esound\u201c. Can this wind even create a soundpressure?Can you damage a microphone membrane by just blowing air into it. How much sound pressure can a air blow create?Scuba divers regulary perform a valsalva maneuver. They equalize pressure in the middle ear by pressing air into it. This leads to a deflection of the tympanic membrane, but it does not sound very loud. Why? I thought if blowing wind onto it, there will be a huge soundpressure, like on a microphone without a pop filter.Can you explain it to me? I\u2018m new in acoustics.
Could we get information from within a black hole using it's gravity? Say humans in the future could detect super small changes in gravity (like literally the difference between an earth with one extra atom and another earth).Could we send a machine into the black hole which can shift its weight away or closer to the black hole so that it can choose how much mass it wants to add to the singularity at a time. Would the change have an effect outside the event horizon for our incredible machine to detect.So if it works than if first bit of the information is 0 it shifts it's weight forward so our machine detects it and if it is it shifts it back so we find out a split second later?.Of course, there is the problem that from our perspective it would take ages (maybe forever if I remember correctly) from our perspective for the object to reach the singularity. So I propose a different version.The object falling to the black hole is horizontally entered and it can decide if it wants to move a heavy ball inside it to the left or to the right. If it is to the left it is a one or to the right it is a zero. this way we don't have to wait until it hits the singularity, just until it passes the event horizon.Would our machine detect it?(Note, this is not about the limits of the machine or us, more on whether or not the gravitational effect will carry on outside the event horizon)
How does light actually interact with different materials? - PBR I am a computer graphics guy in the area of physically based rendering and recently I've been searching on the net to figure out how physical is Physically Based Rendering (PBR). The nature of the question lies somewhere between pure physics and pure graphics, so I'm hoping I find a someone familiar with graphics here. For those who don't know, PBR aims to render the different materials in the same way it actually happens in real life, so it's a more physical approach. This lets us render highly realistic images than other approaches. I want to check if my understanding is correct about how light actually interacts with different materials.First of all when light first strikes a surface, the Fresnel equations directly come into play and they determine how much light gets reflected and transmitted. This is different for different wavelengths since the index of refraction depends on the wavelength. The transmitted light may travel farther for refractive surfaces or may get absorbed quickly as in the case for metals. The transmitted light may also re-emerge from different positions. This is what we in graphics call \"diffuse reflection\". The counterpart being \"specular reflection\" (light just reflects off the surface. Note that the reflection doesn't necessarily have to be in the mirror direction).In graphics we usually define the color of the object through RGB triples. I know this is inaccurate however I'll move on with this assumption. I think that the Fresnel equations are indirectly defining this RGB triple for different surfaces? Since Fresnel reflection is different at different wavelengths, then if we sample at the 3 main wavelengths R, G, B, we are actually getting the amount reflected for each wavelength, which in turn is our color of the object? However the color of the object should be independent of the view direction which clearly isn't the case with my assumption. Can anybody clear out this point?The next difficulty is how much light do rough surfaces like an unpainted wall or wood etc, reflect light diffusely or specularly.We have 2 parameters which we denote as the reflectivity of the surface. We say a surface might reflect light 60% diffusely ( that is 60% get transmitted then re-emerges) while 40% get reflected specularly. This doesn't need to always add up to 1 since some energy is also lost in the form of heat. We denote both of these parameters as $K_d$ and $K_s$ (diffuse and specular reflectivity).But doesn't this sound the same as Fresnel reflectance? Basically doesn't  $K_d$ seem like the amount of light transmitted (ignoring for the moment that a fraction of transmitted light may get lost in the form of heat) and $K_s$ the amount of light reflected? This implies that these parameters would vary w.r.t viewing direction but We normally set $K_d$ and $K_s$ to fixed value when we are defining the material in graphics or at least that's what I have seen so far.If $K_d$ and $K_s$ really is the same as Fresnel reflectance, this would mean that rough surfaces such as wood will reflect light specularly when viewed at grazing angles and when viewed head-on, the light coming from the wood into our eye is more that had transmitted into the surface and re-emerged i.e. diffusely. Is this the case in real life as well?Last but not least is the case of reflection. In PBR we usually have microfacet based models according to which each surface has micro-bumps. From there comes the first important parameter for PBR that is roughness/smoothness. This parameter governs how much the specular reflection is concentrated in a single direction.(5a) In point 2 I assumed specular reflection meant light just scattering off the surface not necessarily in the mirror direction. Is this true? Or light always reflects in the mirror direction, it's just that it isn't concentrated due to these microfacets?(5b) This leads me to believe reflections are governed by 2 parameters. How smooth the surface is and how much the light reflects off the surface (specularly). Are there any other parameters that govern why we see reflections on surfaces of different objects?
How does light actually interact with different materials? - PBR I am a computer graphics guy in the area of physically based rendering and recently I've been searching on the net to figure out how physical is Physically Based Rendering (PBR). The nature of the question lies somewhere between pure physics and pure graphics, so I'm hoping I find a someone familiar with graphics here. For those who don't know, PBR aims to render the different materials in the same way it actually happens in real life, so it's a more physical approach. This lets us render highly realistic images than other approaches. I want to check if my understanding is correct about how light actually interacts with different materials.First of all when light first strikes a surface, the Fresnel equations directly come into play and they determine how much light gets reflected and transmitted. This is different for different wavelengths since the index of refraction depends on the wavelength. The transmitted light may travel farther for refractive surfaces or may get absorbed quickly as in the case for metals. The transmitted light may also re-emerge from different positions. This is what we in graphics call \"diffuse reflection\". The counterpart being \"specular reflection\" (light just reflects off the surface. Note that the reflection doesn't necessarily have to be in the mirror direction).In graphics we usually define the color of the object through RGB triples. I know this is inaccurate however I'll move on with this assumption. I think that the Fresnel equations are indirectly defining this RGB triple for different surfaces? Since Fresnel reflection is different at different wavelengths, then if we sample at the 3 main wavelengths R, G, B, we are actually getting the amount reflected for each wavelength, which in turn is our color of the object? However the color of the object should be independent of the view direction which clearly isn't the case with my assumption. Can anybody clear out this point?The next difficulty is how much light do rough surfaces like an unpainted wall or wood etc, reflect light diffusely or specularly.We have 2 parameters which we denote as the reflectivity of the surface. We say a surface might reflect light 60% diffusely ( that is 60% get transmitted then re-emerges) while 40% get reflected specularly. This doesn't need to always add up to 1 since some energy is also lost in the form of heat. We denote both of these parameters as $K_d$ and $K_s$ (diffuse and specular reflectivity).But doesn't this sound the same as Fresnel reflectance? Basically doesn't  $K_d$ seem like the amount of light transmitted (ignoring for the moment that a fraction of transmitted light may get lost in the form of heat) and $K_s$ the amount of light reflected? This implies that these parameters would vary w.r.t viewing direction but We normally set $K_d$ and $K_s$ to fixed value when we are defining the material in graphics or at least that's what I have seen so far.If $K_d$ and $K_s$ really is the same as Fresnel reflectance, this would mean that rough surfaces such as wood will reflect light specularly when viewed at grazing angles and when viewed head-on, the light coming from the wood into our eye is more that had transmitted into the surface and re-emerged i.e. diffusely. Is this the case in real life as well?Last but not least is the case of reflection. In PBR we usually have microfacet based models according to which each surface has micro-bumps. From there comes the first important parameter for PBR that is roughness/smoothness. This parameter governs how much the specular reflection is concentrated in a single direction.(5a) In point 2 I assumed specular reflection meant light just scattering off the surface not necessarily in the mirror direction. Is this true? Or light always reflects in the mirror direction, it's just that it isn't concentrated due to these microfacets?(5b) This leads me to believe reflections are governed by 2 parameters. How smooth the surface is and how much the light reflects off the surface (specularly). Are there any other parameters that govern why we see reflections on surfaces of different objects?
Direction of Coriolis force My doubt is all about finding the direction of coriolis force by using the direction of the moving object. I really find it difficult to determine the direction of coriolis force through direction of moving object. Because, the direction of the moving object is given in the form of degree and that too in a confusing way. For instance, an object is moving at 60\u00b0N latitude/colatitude. Here direction of the moving object is given in the form of latitude which is very confusing to me and just because of that I don't know how to find the direction of coriolis force?
Conversion of electrical energy to heat in a circuit How is electrical energy converted to heat in a circuit? I read on quora and other sites that it is due to  how much resistance it receives due to colliding with atoms. However what exactly does it mean to collide with atoms? Is the kinetic energy just transferred to the atom's electrons it interacts with and does that promote the electron to a higher energy state, and when it is de-excited it releases heat in the form of infrared radiation? How does resistance explain why copper is better conductor than iron?
Question about lenses in the human eye To see near objects,the ciliary muscles contract  and the suspensary ligaments loosen,making the lense thicker. \u0130 don't understand how that helps us to see distant objects .To see distant objects the ciliary muscles relax stretching the suspensary muscles making the lense thinner.\u0130 haven't been able to find information about how this helps us to see , why it happens.
Free body diagram representation of coriolis force In many problems,horizontal and vertical components of coriolis force are taken into consideration. But I really don't know how to fit these components into a free body diagram. Can anyone help me out in drawing it?
Observe stars with a cloudy sky Is there any way to view the stars even in a cloudy sky? For example by using a particular camera, or a particular UV filter in front of the camera, and so on.
How to model pressure outflow from hovercraft Air constantly escapes from beneath the skirt of a hovercraft in operation. Is there an equation that will roughly model the rate at which pressure is lost?
What determines the direction of a photon emitted by an electron? When an electron loses energy and emits a photon, what determines the direction that this newly-created photon will travel?The electron, being a point entity, has no internal physical structure, so I'm assuming the photon's motion is inherited from the motion of the electron at the instant when the photon was emitted?
Cosmological redshift : \"time of emission\" vs \"during travel\" Let\u2019s consider a very distant galaxy, suppose it has no peculiar velocity, and let\u2019s assume space expansion; If I understand correctly there would be a redshift due to the value of space expansion at the  time when photons were emitted from this galaxy, then there would be a redshift due to space expansion (and its possible variations) all along the travel in space and time of these photons toward our present point of observation. How do these two redshift values compare? Is the first one negligible compared to the second one?
What is the physical meaning of Wilson loops? I'm a mathematician trying to get some very basic physical intuition on gauge theories, so I apologize if what follows is really naive. My first super elementary question is: <blockquote>  Am I right to think that in magneto-static, the Wilson loop for a  simple curve is nothing but the exponential of the magnetic flux  through any surface bounded by that curve ?</blockquote>This seems obvious but I've never seen it explicitly written so I fear I'm missing something obvious. Now of course this is special to electromagnetism because the gauge group is abelian (hence holonomy of the one form $A$ describing the magnetic potential is exp of the integral of $A$ along the curve, which by Stokes theorem is the integral of $dA$ over any surface bounded by the curve), and as far as I understand classical non-abelian Yang-Mills theories do not quite describe any \"real\" physics, still:<blockquote>  Do classical Wilson loops have some sort of physical meaning?</blockquote>Wilson loops are still well-defined for self-intersecting loops. But if I understand correctly, when going to the quantum picture using the Feynman integral formulation there is some \"regularization\" issue, and one way to deal with it is to equip the curve at hand with a framing, which in particular forces to consider only simple loops. This is beautifully explained in Witten's Jones polynomial paper, and in a way is the very reason why Chern-Simons knot invariants are non-trivial (which as you may have guessed is the reason why I'm asking those questions).<blockquote>  Is there some intuitive/layman physical explanation as to why quantum Wilson loops are only well defined on simple curves? I would already be interested in an answer in the abelian case, perhaps something related to the fact that in that case it's only for simple curves that the classical ones are related to the magnetic flux?</blockquote>Edit I realize my question was unclear, mostly because I don't really know how to use the jargon accurately. By \"quantum Wilson loop\" I really meant its vacuum expectation value. Is there a simple explanation of what this quantity means ? Now this has, I believe, a divergence when you take the limit as the size of the loop goes to 0. For the classical Wilson loop for a given $A$, this basically gives the field strength at the point which is the limit of the loop. As far as I understand, the reason why the VEV is divergent in that situation, is that it doesn't quite make sense physically to measure the field at one point. Rather, all we can do is measure the flux going through a very small loop near that point, and somehow quantum physics is sensitive to that. Does that make sense ? Is there a similar explanation as to why the VEV of a WIlson loop diverge for self-intersecting loops ?
How does the coating work when using an electron microscope? When a non-conductive sample is viewed with an electron microscope, it can happen that some electrons from the beam can be trapped (absorbed) by the sample so it acquires a charge. This is called \"charging\". To prevent charging, the non-conductive sample is covered with a thin coat of a conductive material.I've read that this prevents charging, but I don't understand how the coating works.If the sample holder is conductive, after depositing the coating the sample will be inside a conductive body (if the coating is in contact with the sample holder). But I'm stuck here because I can't see what this would imply on the charging effect: electrons could break through the coating and reach the non-conductive sample, charging it?Edit: The coating is usually a few nanometers thick. The electrons from the beam have typically energies of a few keV. In these conditions, I think the energy of those electrons is enough to penetrate some tenths or hundreds of nanometers (it also depends on the material but for metals the order of magnitude is similar), so they can reach the sample below the coating.
Why is no radiation emitted during the final transmission in He-Ne laser in Ne atom? During the working of He-Ne laser, I have understood everything except for the fact that no radiation is emitted when the electrons go through their final transition and reach the ground state again. Why is there no emission of radiation during the final transition?
String theory and background independence I have read that string theory assumes strings live in spacetime defined by general relativity which make the theory background dependent (although general relativity is a background independent theory). Background independence dictates that spacetime emerge from more fundamental ingredient than spacetime. Quoting Brian Greene, \u201cThen, the theories ingredients - be they strings, branes, loops, or something else discovered in the course of further research - coalesced to produce a familiar, large-scale spacetime\u201d (Greene, The Fabric of the Cosmos, 2004: 491).My question: why couldn\u2019t spacetime just be spacetime, a fundamental entity? If so, string theory, based on general relativity, would not be a \u201cgreat unsolved problem\u201d facing string theory. 
What is the drift velocity of an electron in a superconductor? How is it,when compared to drift velocity in a conductor?
Ferrofluid between glass plates: what\u2019s going on? There\u2019s a phenomenon I ran across recently and I\u2019m trying to understand what\u2019s going on with it. When you have a thin layer of ferrofluid between two glass plates and move a magnet closer and farther away from it, you get a really interesting transition between two states. When the magnet\u2019s at a distance, the fluid breaks up into large droplets like this:\u2026but when the magnet\u2019s closer, the droplets merge together into thin tendrils, a lot like the kind you get out of a reaction-diffusion process.My question is: what forces are at play here? I assume the blobs/tendrils are held together by surface tension, but they seem to be repelling each other\u2014are they acting as individual magnets? If so, what causes them to stay together at all instead of the intra-blob repulsion breaking them up?
What is the difference between Born\u2013Oppenheimer approximation and Condon approximation Both Born-Oppenheimer approximation and Condon approximation kind of refer to the separation of electronic and nuclear wave function. I'm confused what exactly is their difference.Do we need to use BOA when we derive Franck-Condon factor or dipole correlation function with Fermi's Golden Rule by default?
Liquid water has no rotational spectrum but does absorb in the microwave region I came across a wikipedia page and it states \"Liquid water has no rotational spectrum but does absorb in the microwave region\"water molecules rotates while in transit which causes friction so it's heat upeven a single molecules rotates when it come across the instance of interaction with microwavethen radiates the energy to rest again  so what does the statement mean exactly, is it contradictory?
How can we linearly extrapolate current expansion of universe to imply that it all started from a point? We know that the universe is currently expanding. But how does that imply that it all started from an infinitesimally small point? Its like given the stock price of Apple is increasing, it doesn't mean it was zero at IPO :)
Mass flow rate of evaporating water in a vacuum I'm melting ice in a vacuum using a heating plate, and attempting to condense any water vapor evaporated from the melted water onto a cold plate. Is there a way to describe the mass flow rate of the water vapor in terms of the power output of the heating pad and temperature of the cold plate (which remains constant through constant piping of liquid nitrogen)? Thanks for your help!
Vapor pressure of sublimating ice in vacuum I am trying to find a vapor pressure of sublimating ice as a function of thermal energy being absorbed by ice. Basically, I am starting with a sample of ice (t=200K) in a vacuum. From there, I am heating the ice slowly using a heating plate, causing a non-zero vapor pressure of gaseous water to form. Assuming the vacuum will be held (i.e. vapor pressure of water impacts the vacuum negligibly), is it possible to create a relation between the vapor pressure and the thermal power being absorbed by the ice?
Static electricity\u2014electron donor/acceptor At school, we were taught that in a situation where one material gets rubbed with another, there's a transfer of electrons. This is because the electrons (or charges) jump from one material to the other due to friction. And we were also told that one of the materials tends to be the giving one in the exchange, which we call the electron donor. And the electron acceptor is the one that takes in the electrons offered by the corresponding electron donor.And we were given a table with examples of electron donors and acceptors along with that, of the classic hair/comb sort. When our teacher helpfully added that whether a material acts as an electron donor or acceptor depends on the material it is being rubbed with, it got me thinking.I was wondering if there were certain pairs of electron donor/acceptor. Pairs of specific materials that synchronise with each other. In the sense that one material in the pair exhibits either of these behaviours only in case of the other material in the pair.Say, you\u2019ve got material X which you rub with material Y. It acts as a electron donor perhaps. But it doesn\u2019t always behave like an electron donor. You see that it acts as an electron donor only upon friction with that specific material Y. Do such pairs exist? Hope I had been able to express my question clearly enough.
What is the \"comfortable\" acceleration in a curve and braking in a car? A car that makes a curve or a braking will naturally have its horizontal G-Force altered according to its speed and the intensity of the braking or the angle of the curve.My question is: which acceleration / G-Force could be considered comfortable, especially for passengers?When I say \"comfortable\" I mean a normal day-to-day driving, like a mother taking her children to school ...
UV Preconditioning test I wanna build a solar panel with a new material and I wanna to test the endurance of the material against UV light. I've found in internet a Standard for UV tests. It says it has to be irradiated with 15kwh/m\u00b2 from 280nm to 385nm. Since I just have a 8w UV lamp I decided to do some scaling to the test. Instead of 1m\u00b2 I made an small sample of 100cm\u00b2. To get the same energy in this surface I calculate that it must be at least 18hours under 8w UV light. Am I right? If not, please show me how to do it. Thanks! 
Capacitors phenomena I wanted to ask one simple question: when there is a uncharged capacitor directly connected to a battery with any resistance in between, does current flow in the circuit, or does it only flow until the capacitor is completely charged?
Electric flux through gauss law Why is it that objects kept in uniform electric field have net flux through them when gauss law says that net flux through a surface is q/epsilon.I mean the net charge will be zero if a gausian surface is drawn so the net flux must also be the same
Why is the centre of mass displaced even when external force is 0? <blockquote>  A pulley fixed to a rigid support carries a rope whose one end is tied to a ladder and a man and the other end to the counterweight of mass $M$. The man of mass $m$ climbs up a distance of $h$ with respect to the ladder and then stops. If the mass of the rope and the friction in the pulley axle are negligible find the displacement of the center of mass of the system.</blockquote>My question is that the net external force on the system is 0 then why is there any displacement of centre of mass?
rolling friction of a solid sphere This may be a very rudimentary question. I have two spheres on a physics simulator and I need to define various parameters including rolling friction, spinning friction, inertia, color etc.I was able to get find/tune most parameters except rolling and spinning friction.My belief is that both frictions depend on the size of the sphere. I have spheres with varying radii. One is 0.05m and the other is 0.1m(both have mass of 0.1kg). I set the rolling friction of both spheres to be 0.03 but what exactly is the relationship between the properties of a solid sphere and sphere's friction?EDIT:I have spheres that are (2.0kg, 0.1m), (2.0kg, 0.075m), (1.5kg, 0.1m), (1.5kg, 0.075m) in (mass, radius) format. Can I get some sample coefficients for these assuming they are on the same surface, made with the same material.
Charge transfer from electrode to water This is something that's bugging me for a while.  Water is conductive because it has ions in it, which move to form a current. But how is the charge transferred from a electrode into the water, and vice versa? Ions can be oxidized and reduced, but both require a certain potential, and we can pass current even below that potential. So how is the circuit completed?
How rotation of basis is possible in Heisenberg picture? Shouldn't it be fix? I was trying to understand Heisenberg picture. According to my understanding in this picture operators(position x(t) and momentum p(t)) change with time but basis (x,y,z coordinates) remain fix. I was trying to understand this concept by imaging a particle(p) in x,y plane. x and y are basis and vector that connects the origin of the plane with the particle p is state vector (R). Now according to Heisenberg picture operators change with time it means the the position of the particle P can vary with time but x and y remain fix.But in Shankar's book author has mentioned that \"in Heisenberg picture basis can rotate like state vectors. So in such basis,the vectors appear to be frozen.\"So according to the author x,y are moving but the particle P remains at the same position. Which is opposite to the Heisenberg picture. I'm really confused after reading this concept from Shankar's book. Can some one please explain where I am wrong?
Reasons behind de Broglie hypothesis What reasons does de Broglie had when he proposed the idea that electrons behave like waves?
Special cases in friction Imagine that 2 objects are stacked. The friction between the objects is higher than the friction between the bottom object and the ground. Is it possible for the top object to be pushed hard enough to slide off the bottom object. The applied force is parralel to the ground, no angle.I have tried making equtions for this question, but they led to illogical conclusions (like the bottom object sliding faster than the top one). I asked many people and tried researching it but I cannot find a solid conclusion
Magnetic field of a solenoid vs a circular loop Why doesnt the magnetic field inside a solenoid depend on its radius whereas the magnetic field inside a circular loop or a coil depends on its radius?Please explain using simple language keeping in mind that I'm a 10th standard student.
Friction between two blocks on top of each other I am a little bit confused to the concept of friction between two blocks on top of each other. there could be two situations: the first situation is when all surfaces are frictionless including that one between the two blocks. if one force $F$ pulls the lower block, then I read somewhere that we should consider both blocks as one block and the upper block will remain at rest and so they have the same acceleration. but still, i don't get why it will remains at rest?second situation:if there is a friction between the two blocks, then applying an F force will make the upper block slide with it's own acceleration. Is this right? and regarding the force needed to make the upper block slide, is there any specifications? 
Is passing of light through small opening required for interference.? Is it necessary that light passes through a small opening to obtain interference or can interference happen even when light did not pass through a small opening? My understanding of interference is that it happens due to the combining of two waves. I think that it can happen without light having to pass through a small opening.
When a point particle moves with a certain vector instantenous velocity along a curve, does it have a vector instanteneous acceleration? I'm sorry I'm just getting started with Physics, I'm not an expert. I've been stuck with this question.When a point particle moves with a certain vector instantenous velocity along a curve, does it have a vector instanteneous acceleration? My professor said that it depends on the vector instanteneous acceleration. Though I don't understand why.When I look at the graph I always see that the acceleration is the slope of the graph. Any hints?
If the universe is a $3$-torus, must it be longer in some direction? So in a finite universe, I've read one possible topology for a flat universe is a 3 torus. On a 2 torus, it's obviously longer in one direction than the other. Would the same hold true for the universe if it was a 3 torus? Can you not have a \"cubic\" space-time for the universe if it's a 3 torus, would it need to be a rectangular prism instead?
Simple computation of the spectrum of the blue sky Given an approximation of the spectrum of extraterrestrial sunlight by blackboby radiation at 5800K, between 360 and 800nm, is there a simple formula or algorithm that can be used to make an approximation of the spectrum of the diffuse blue sky at one point, at noon, on earth (with fixed humidity, pressure and temperature and zero pollutants, if relevant). And what would be the parameters to use, if any, to change the position of observation on the planet, i.e longitude and latitude ?
Why does a constant force on a rigid body with a fixed axis of rotation produce more angular acceleration if applied farther from the axis? I know the eq torque = Ia and also torque = Fr... it's easy to see mathematically but not physically. I want a simple physical justification for it.(may be microscopically).
COM frame in Relativistic particle physics I have a home work:<blockquote>  Consider a head-on collision of a 'bullet' of rest mass $M$ with a stationary 'target' of rest mass $m$. Prove that the post-collision \u03b3-factor of the bullet cannot exceed:$$(m^2 + M^2)/(2mM).$$   [Hint: if $P, P'$ are the pre- and post- collision four-momenta of the bullet, and $Q, Q'$ those of the target,show, by going to the CM frame, that $(P' \u2212 Q)^2 \u2265 0$; in fact, in the CM frame $P' \u2212 Q$ has no spatial components.] </blockquote>I have solved problem from the hint that $(P' \u2212 Q)^2 \u2265 0$ and $P' \u2212 Q$ should have non-spatial component.The first hint is easy, because four-momentum is time-like hence it should always be non-negative. What i don't understand is that why $P' \u2212 Q$ should have non-spatial component in COM?
Can a lens be used at radio frequency? Lenses and Antennas are two means of manipulating EM waves. While antennas are predominantly used at RF / Microwave frequencies, Lenses are used for optical/IR regions of the spectrum.I understand why antennas aren't used at optical/IR frequencies: an optimal antenna should have a length on the order of the wavelength. For a nm to um wavelength, the resulting antenna would be too small to be practically useful.But I don't see a reson why lenses typically used for optical/IR frequencies aren't used in everyday life for RF/microwave. Apart from optical coatings, I see no fundamental reason. Lens's focal length is independent of frequency, and Air's index of refraction doesn't seem to be changing significantly with frequency.
Why do the sides of my Fish Aquarium look like mirrors? I bought a new fish aquarium which is square/cuboid in shape.My previous aquarium was spherical in shape. When I filled it with water and put the fish in two of them started acting very stressed so I was a bit worried. When I looked into the aquarium from the top,the sides of the tanks looked like mirrors under the water line.This caused me to worry that the sides of the tanks were mirrors to the fish and they could not see through the glass and into the room. Because of the stressed behaviour of the fish ,I was almost convinced that this was the case and that the fish were in effect,in a prison made of mirrors.I tried to find a way of seeing into the sides of the tank like the fish so I put a mirror under the waterline and the mirror reflected the images of what was outside of the aquarium glass. So I thought that the mirror effect was an optical illusion but without putting my own head under the water and looking through the sides of the aquarium,I can't be 100% certain. Can anybody confirm if this is an optical illusion? Thank You.
Is there such a material that only emits, or \"sends out\" the same color light that was \"taken in\" (absorbed)? For example, glow-in-the-dark materials (photoluminescent) only emit a green hue regardless of the color of the light shone on the material.Is there such a material that emits the color of the light received, or the combined colors? For example, if one were to shine a red light on the material, it would emit red, same with yellow, etc.A mirror only reflects light and doesn't absorb or emit any light.
Why can we not use the specific heat to determine the work done on steam in a Rankine cycle? Okay, I am trying to work backwards from an exam which I messed up and I am trying to figure out what the lecturer did based on his answers posted online. Looking back, I realise one mistake I made was to use the specific heat of water given to calculate the enthalpy change in a transition from one pressure to the next. In a transition within a Rankine cycle: I have P1 = P2 = 200 bar. Moving from 1 to 2, the water vapour turns to two-phase water and the enthalpy at point 2 is given as 2,353 kJ/kg. We also know that the enthalpy at 1 is 145 (worked out from a constant volume work problem and it checks out with the lecturer's answer). Long story short: if I had tried to use the specific heat of water to determine the change in enthalpy and work from there to the enthalpy, I would have been way off. Instead, students were meant to use the given enthalpy value and then find the correct temperature from a table of saturated water provided. I understand that the specific heat of water will change with temperature, but looking up the temperatures I am working at (changes from 30 C to 388 C) I can see that even an averaged out specific heat does not allow for a computation of a change in enthalpy from 145 to 2,353 (the second value was given). So I'm trying to figure out what I don't understand; why is a specific heat/temperature change calculation insufficient to calculate the enthalpy change here. 
Maximum information stored in nested black holes The question goes along the lines of understanding how does the entropy-information additivity works when black holes are inside other black holes, including the special case where the inner black holes have stable orbits around it.Assuming one knows the separate entropy of two black holes $O$ and $I$, can one write down an expression for the entropy accessible on the outside spacetime when $I$ lives inside $O$? Is it an addition or a substraction of areas?
Difference between conserved quantities and constants of motion? In Hamiltonian mechanics, consider extended phase space, the trajectory followed by a particle in that space is formed by an intersection of different 2n dimensional surfaces, all of these surfaces are constants of motion, are any symmetric transformations associated with these constants of motion?what is the difference between constants of motion and conserved quantities formed from symmetric properties?
How can we measure relative velocity of fast objects when there is time dilation First of all sorry about the question title. I find it very difficult to ask this in less than 150 characters. I am not a physicist and only have basic understanding of advanced physical concepts.So here is the detailed question:Scenario:There are two people. PA and PB.A and B stands in some point in space in close proximity with 0 accelaration (constant velocity)PB starts to accelerate away from PA in a spaceship and reaches very high velocity (eventually reaches 0.5c)Assumptions: (please correct if these are wrong)PA measures that PB is travelling at 0.5cPA finds that PB's clock is moving slower than his (and vice-versa)PA finds that objects in PB's ship are moving in slow motionQuestion:If PA finds that PB, his ship and everything else in it moving slower(relative to PA's own clock), how come PA is still able to measure PB's velocity as 0.5c using PA's clock? Shouldn't every atom in PB and his ship feel like moving slower to PA?Does lorentz contraction play any part in this?
How to combine limits when integrating in the frequency domain I want to combine the signal of two separate pulses in the frequency domain in order to calculate their overlap (by multiplying the two signals together and integrating). However, one of these signals is a rectangular pulse with a finite bandwidth, while the other has a sech lineshape and therefore an infinite bandwidth. I'm confused about what happens to the limits of my system when I combine the two. Is it just that I take the limits of the finite bandwidth pulse because there will be no overlap outside this range? How would one represent this?
Grounding secondaries in isolation transformer In an isolation transformer (I assume a 220v-110v step down transformer is also called an isolation transformer), you can ground either of the secondary leads. I'd like to know the following:If you ground one lead, and short the other lead to that ground (Or connect both leads to ground).. would this trip the breaker or since it is an isolation transformer and the current is limited by the core size.. then it can't trip the breaker? If you touch any lead of the isolation (step down) transformer, you are not supposed to get electrocuted.. but if you touch both leads.. would you be electrocuted or still not? 
Can a planet have multiple significant sized moons? <blockquote>  The Earth has one moon at about 1/80 of Earth's mass.  Is it possible to have two moons large enough each to subtend a >30 minute disk as viewed from the surface? </blockquote>I have tried with various simulators and systems fail spectacularly within a few dozen orbits, either with one colliding with the planet, or being thrown out of the system.This question was prompted my many SF novels with covers showing several large moons in the sky.  Preliminary thoughts:One possibility is to have the two moons co-orbiting each other and the pair orbiting the planet.  As long as they are outside Roche's limit this is fairly reasonable.  But it is boring.If we use Luna as the first moon (our present moon) then if we locate Selene (the new one) at half the distance it has to be only half the diameter and 1/8 the mass.  This would make it 1/640th the mass of earth. (Because tides go up as inverse cube of the distance, but direct as mass, little Selene would cause about the same size tides as Luna)Is it easier to make a long term stable system with large differences in mass?  Are there resonances that increase stability (negative feedback loop) rather than scramble the eggs?I've asked this question on Physics Forums, and gotten no good reply.
In $E=hf$, can $f$ assume any positive value? (Beginner) The energy of photon is given by the equation $E=hf$, where $h=$ Planck's constant, and f=frequency of radiation. Is f quantized, or can it assume any value? If it can assume any value, then wouldn't this mean that the energy of photons is not quantized? If f can be any value from a continuous series, this would mean that for any number you imagine, there will always be another number that when multiplied by h gives you that first number. So $E$ could assume any value. However, we know that $E$ is indeed quantized, so could someone please point out the flaw in my reasoning? 
Metric of the Universe As some of you know, there is a fundamental flat space-time metric that describes our universe without any energy or matter in it. Correct me if I am wrong, but this metric and existance of the limiting speed of signal propagation which is not dependent of the observer are the same thing. Or? Could we understand one as a consequence of the other? So, could we say that the constant $c$ is a consequence of the metric? And, could there be some other, fundamentally different flat spacetime metric which allowes other forms of motion? Eg, greater speeds, in a nutshell, a different causality? What do you think, is there some more fundamental physical reality which determines the metric? 
What happens to a particle in a well if the well is made bigger? Let's say we have a particle in an infinite well, and let's also say it is in the ground state. Now we make the well bigger by very quickly moving one of the boundaries of the well. How do we compute the probability of the particle being in the ground state of the new well? Also, what is the prob of the particle being in the first excited state of the new well?Assume for concreteness that the inital (1D)well is from x=0 to x=L and the new well is from x=0 to x=2L. We simply pull the right wall of the well to x=2L.
Can the universe build itself back together after the Heat Death? We all know that due to the 2nd Law of Thermodynamics the universe after a certain long period of time will eventually have all its energy spread out homogeneously and reach a Heat Death where nothing interesting ever happens anymore. <br><br> However, given that the universe's lifespan is infinite, and the 2nd Law of Thermodynamics is a statistical law (meaning that decreases in entropy are low in probability but still possess nonzero chance), isn't it reasonable to assume that at some point, very far down the line in the Heat Death, the universe puts itself back together and forms stars, galaxies and everything interesting again?  <br><br>Similar to how a monkey on a typewriter, given an infinite amount of time, will type out the complete works of Shakespeare, isn't the large- scale reduction in entropy just an extremely, extremely rare, but inevitable event which will eventually occur given an infinite timespan?If so, the universe can never really die, can it?
The uncertainty of a toy car's measured average speed Suppose I have a battery-powered toy car, and I am told to design an experiment which would allow me to determine the average speed of that toy car over, say, a meter, and to account for experimental uncertainty somehow. I can think of a couple of ways to do this, but no matter which one I consider, it is not clear to me how to incorporate uncertainty. Here is one proposed method: (1) Put car on floor next to, but 50 cm behind, a meter stick, and turn car on. Get digital stopwatch ready. When front of toy car reaches beginning of meter stick, turn on stopwatch. Turn off stopwatch when front of car reaches end of meter stick. Use distance traveled divided by time to calculate average speed. Obviously, I could simply get out my calculator and type 100 / (stopwatch reading) and write down the number that I get. However, that does not seem right, for several reasons. The distance (100 cm) must be uncertain because I cannot be confident that the car actually traveled 100.000... cm. The time is also uncertain because it is a digital device, and all digital devices have associated uncertainties, independent of reaction time. It is also uncertain because I cannot be confident that I started and stopped the stopwatch at the moment the car reached the beginning/end of meter stick. I could (somehow) assign an uncertainty to both the distance and time and then use normal rules for assigning an uncertainty of a calculated result. But I cannot think of how to express the value of the uncertainty.The other method I can think of involves repeating the experiment many times, and then calculating the numerical average and the associated standard deviation. Then, my final answer would be in the form: value +- standard deviation, but it's not clear to me how I would go about rounding wither value; and, rounding those values seem, to me, to be necessary. How would you experimentally determine the average speed of a toy car using a meter stick and a digital stopwatch only, and incorporate uncertainty of distances, times, and the average speed?
2D CFT for a Senior Undergraduate I'm a senior undergraduate having a good background in QM, Linear Algebra, Tensor Calculus, Complex Analysis, and GR. This year I'm doing my graduation project on 2D CFT (especially aiming towards conformal and modular bootstrapping), so I downloaded some material (specifically Introduction to CFT with application to string theory) and started working on them, however I found myself struggling to understand most of the derivations. Is there any source that present this material in a completely straightforward manner or any other sources that would help me understand?Thanks in advance your help is greatly appreciated!
Is there any threat to the results of our effective field theories from unknown higher energy theories? We use renormalization arguments (and experiments) to change the couplings of a theory and suppress the higher energy physics (saying things like \u201cwhatever the fundamental theory, this will be true of the low energy theory.\u201d). And we then get some set of fields, correlation functions, etc. My question is just about the possibility of, say, a theory of quantum gravity that compromises the renormalization arguments we\u2019d been using to determine the sensitivity of EFTs to the space of possible high energy theories. So, perhaps the actual theory wasn\u2019t included in the high energy theory space?
Gravity and objects in substances This is probably a matter of terminology and me not finding it due to the lack of it.An apple falls from a tree on the ground due to gravity. Yet, if it falls into a water pit it floats on top of the water and doesn't sink.I've heard about density and why it makes things float but I'm not sure why it floats to the top and does not sink to the bottom if there's still gravity. Thinking about this I could imagine the apple being pulled to the bottom just as well. Why is the play between high and low density objects not reversed?
what kind of information is shared between entangled particles when two entangled particles are separate by distance . what exactly happens to them , that influence us to consider they connected each other?
Can we ever calculate the exact period and semi-major axis for an orbit with strong perihelion precession? To calculate the period of an orbit with strong perihelion precession we could just pick an arbitrary point in the sky, and time how long it takes for it to pass it again. But wouldn't we get different values for some orbits depending on whether that specific orbit reached the distance of the semi-major axis?For example, let's say planet Vulcan's perihelion precesses by 10 degrees per orbit. If we started the measurement of its period 1 degree after it had reached perihelion, and waited for it to return a full 360 degrees, then it would have completed a full orbit without ever reaching the distance of a full semi-major axis. We would get different values if we had waited e.g. 5 or 10 degrees.Is it a case of a sample orbit always being \"close enough\" for an approximation, or is there an exact technical definition?
Applying Newton's Laws in a Circular Motion A child ties a rock to a rope and turns it around describing a circle. horizontal. My Classical Physics teacher has told me that the string cannot be perfectly horizontal, but I don't know why. I have tried to make a balance of forces, but I don't draw any conclusions.
Why does the length of a pendulum cause different natural frequencies of pendulums in Barton's pendulum? In Barton's pendulum, the pendulum with string that is the same length, L, as the brass bob (source of driving frequency) has natural frequency equals to the bob's driving frequency. The pendulum with string longer than the brass bob i.e. L+x has a natural frequency that is smaller in value than the pendulum with string of length L (correct me if i'm wrong, but I deduced this since a pendulum with length L+x has a phase difference of 180 degree in displacement with the driving brass bob's displacement).Alternatively, the pendulum with string shorter than the brass bob i.e. L-x has a natural frequency that is larger in value than the pendulum with string of length L.My question is, why does the length of a pendulum cause different natural frequencies of the pendulums? Why would a longer pendulum have a smaller natural frequency than a shorter pendulum? Interestingly, the pendulum with the same length as the brass bob will coincidently have its natural frequency as the bob's driving frequency, could this be explained?
What part of special relativity is factored in in relativistic redshift velocity equations? While doing research into redshift equations (doppler redshift and cosmological redshift), both types of redshift had two equations for finding recession velocity: a 'non-relativistic' equation and a 'relativistic' equation. I looked up SR, and found out about time dilation and length contraction. My question is which of these phenomena have been factored in in relativistic equations (maybe both, or possibly a third phenomena I'm unaware of?)I'm doing this for a high school project, so please explain in very simplistic language. Also showing a bunch of complicated equations will seriously fly right over my head, so I'd greatly appreciate it if you could please use words only :)
Why is there not a solid state fluorescent lamp? Is it possible to coat a solid piece of metal with fluorescent powder (such as in a tube), and get this to emit light in a strong electric field? 
The power of an EM wave is proportional to the amplitude (squared). But also the frequency? The power of an electromagnetic wave is proportional to its amplitude squared. (Watts, usually)But, it is also proportional to its frequency, correct?  The higher the frequency, the greater? ( measured in eV).Is the TOTAL strength of the wave it's watts and electron-volts combined?So, what is the difference between a laser, say, with a large number of infrared photons versus an x-ray laser with fewer photons, but higher frequency?  They have the same total energy, but do they cut the same?  Can a low-frequency laser beam, if intense enough, ionized atoms and molecules like individual photons of x-rays do?
Pilot-Wave vs. Quantum Mechanics vs. String Theory I wanted to know that are the main shortcomings of contemporary Pilot-Wave theory which is holding it back from dominating physics departments? To what extent is the facukty biase, do you think, influencing Pilot-Wave emergence? Furthermore, Is string theory still being debated? If yes, then how has the physics community overcame its unempiricality? Is it solely because of its elegent mathematics or the the philosophic tendencies of the vehement scholars backing it?
How fast do nuclei need to be traveling when colliding for them to break apart? I don't mean fission or fusion reactions with uranium or such.  I mean gold or lead or even hydrogen collisions, such as in these particle colliders or outer space, wherein the nuclei seem to touch, and possibly break apart.
Can an electrostatic field itself be insulated, as opposed to creating resistance to a current? Is it possible to insulate an electrostatic field itself, as opposed to preventing electrons from moving by creating resistance?Specifically, if we position an isolated charge on one side of a resistant barrier that the charge itself cannot penetrate, and we have an electrostatic field on the other side of the barrier, will the electrostatic field act on the charge? Here is a crude diagram, where q is the charge:q |:::::::| fieldI believe an answer to this question will have two parts:(1) Will the charge move towards the barrier and then stop, exerting a force on the barrier? Or will the charge simply be stationary because there is no field on the other side of the barrier?The key distinction being that in one case, the barrier prevents the field itself from reaching the charge; in the other, the barrier simply prevents the electron from moving through it.(2) Is there a type of barrier (i.e., a substance of some kind) that is thought to be capable of \"blocking\or diminishing, the force of an electrostatic field itself, as opposed to creating resistance to charges? Note I am not asking whether we can cancel out an electrostatic field with an opposing one, which would for all practical purposes work as an insulator. I am instead asking whether there is a substance that blocks the field itself, rather than cancelling it out. E.g., plastics are generally poor conductors of electricity, but would plastic also shield a free-standing charge from an electrostatic field? I think the answer is no, but please correct me if I'm wrong.
Is the relative speed of light really invariant, irrespective of the motion of the observer? If 3 observers are on a planet which 100 light years from a star, and the star goes supernova, if one observer moves towards the star and one moves in the opposite direction, each observer will see the explosion at a different time. The observer who stays on the planet, sees the explosion a hundred years after it occurs. The person moving towards the star, sees it in less than a hundred years, while the person moving in the opposite direction, will see it more than 100 years after it occured. Doesn't this prove that the speed of light, relative to a moving observer, is not invariant. 
Why does tangential acceleration change in value? I don\u2019t understand why  tangential acceleration changes in value in a parabolic movement with constant acceleration (gravitational acceleration). Since acceleration is constant, tangential and centripetal acceleration are either both constant or one increases and other decreases in value. I was told that they both change in such movements but I don\u2019t understand why since Tangential Acceleration is the derivative of the velocity value. Isn\u2019t velocity supposed to change at the same rate in this case? And, since it changes, in which point of the trajectory is tangential acceleration at its maximum value?
Determining the acceleration of the Universe from a single star? It Occurs to me we might be able to find an entirely independent method of determining the Universe's acceleration using a single source.If one was to watch a single high source consistently one should be able to simply simply watch for the change in it's redshift with time. I know it would be a small effect (perhaps choosing a high Z source would help).Is such a task feasable? Maybe something like finding a source that could line up with the recoiless resonant absorption (Mossbauer effect) in some crystal would have enough sensitivity? (ie a cosmological scale Pound Rebka experiment)??Anyway, I hadn't heard of it, but maybe someone can tell me why its a bad/good idea. Thanks!NOTE: I get that ultimately one would use several sources for a proper analysis.
How is distance between galaxies and rate of expansion of universe calculated? I have recently read in book 'Theory Of Everything' that rate of expansion of the universe is changing 5%-10% per 1000 million years, I would like to know how such calculation has been made. Edit: I want to know the principle and theory of finding the distance between galaxies and rate of expansion of the universe and not just formulae.
photoelectric equation explanation how to determine whether or not relativistic mechanics is needed to verify the photoelectric equation with a 1% uncertainty. While the stopping potentials are few volts.
Release of energy during electron jumps We took up the topic of particle nature of light recently.As the light is quantised when an electron jumps from higher to lower orbit it releases energy but as the energy is quantised it will release them in distinct packets.So while the electron is coming down:It's potential energy decreases as smooth fxn It releases a distinct amount of energy(as seen from its optical spectra)So the question arises what happens in between the jump.As the energy cant be released until it's sufficient to form a photon of corresponding energy,where does the energy go.Upon asking my teacher he said it's released as radiation as electron is accelerating.But then again radiation is released as photons.P.S.-I know elementary b.sc level maths and physics,so answers of appropriate level will be appreciated.
What is the fastest possible acceleration? Context &amp; QuestionIn physics, the fastest possible speed is accepted as the speed of light. No other mass has been recorded to travel as fast as the photon. What is the acceleration of the photon? How long does it take for it to get to its top speed, from emission from its source to its constant velocity through the medium of space-time? Does the photon also hold the record for fastest acceleration? Taking these questions into account, I would like to probe further and ask if instantaneous acceleration is indeed possible by the laws of physics? 
Perfect Vacuum Beneath an Object Recently I became interested in how suction cups work by creating a region of space with lower pressure than their surroundings, thus sealing the suction cup to the contact surface. Extrapolating this idea further, does this mean that a cube resting on a perfectly flat surface would be unable to be lifted since by doing so, you would be creating a region with zero pressure? Also, keep in mind that I'm speaking in purely theoretical terms and I understand that no object is perfectly flat and whatnot. 
Quantum fluctuations producing CMB fluctuations also cause inflation to be eternal? It is believed that quantum fluctuations in the inflaton field caused inflation to end at different times in different places, which led to CMB fluctuations (1 part in 100,000).Eternal inflation also relies on quantum fluctuations in the inflaton field causing inflation to end at different times.But the fluctuations in the CMB are tiny and the fluctuations in eternal inflation are large. $~$Are quantum fluctuations in these two scenarios really the same process?
Are particles and waves separate entities? Can this be proven incorrect: Particles and waves are separate entities. Waves are the energy mechanism that transports the particle but not part of the particle itself. If a photon gets created the electron that created it drops to a lower energy level, providing the energy wave around the photon to travel in a certain direction. Does this not explain why a particle acts as a particle and as a wave - as it rides the wave energy to a destination. A surfer rides a wave but behaves like a \"particle\" and as (part of) a wave - moving up an down and along the wave he is riding. But the surfer is not a body/particle and a wave although he acts like a particle and a wave. Therefor with the double slit experiment the wave travels through both slits, but the particle only through one and is affected by the interference pattern on the other side of the slits. The current \"crude\" particle detectors destroy the wave energy and therefore there is no interference pattern - this should mean the particle should reach the screen with less energy (if the waves are removed) which should be measurable on the electron it interacts with on the screen, if it has sufficient energy/momentum left to reach the screen.
Is an electromagnetic wave weaker at its trough? Or at its 'node'? Is an EM-wave constantly fluctuating in strength or power?  Is it different in some way when it is at its 'peak' amplitude (crest)?
Can solutions of GR have non-zero genus? Imagine there is \"cavity\" in one's locally Lorentzian manifold (the manifold has non-zero genus). Have these kind of solutions in general relativity been considered? If so, where can I read more about this? Is there any experiment one can do to prove we live in a non-zero genus world?
How does Newton's corpuscular theory explain the speeding up of corpuscles when entering a denser medium? I can't find an explanation for this anywhere. Intuition would imply that the corpuscle would slow down. I mean a person running at a constant speed enters a crowd of people or a forest. The presence of obstacles would cause a reduction in velocity. How did Newton think it would speed up the particles ? 
Why do we consider solitons as a composite object? Can someone explain why do we consider solitons as a composite object? I know that there are dual theories which the role of fundamental and solitonic objects can be mapped to each other, but I can't see for example how solitonic D1-brane is a composite  object and how it is constructed from fundamental strings (F1-strings) or in the other theories (for example Montonon-Olive duality for Yang-Mills theory). I consider proton as a composite object, but in this case, it is not clear for me.
Interference of light with unpolarized light If perpendicular components of an unpolarized light are brought in the same plane then interference will occur or not? 
weak interaction and Parity violation It is said that the Weak Interaction only couples to left-handed particles which a negative spin (left-handed). However some sources say that spin or helicity is dependent on the observer's position and velocity relative to the particle. What I don't understand following this principles, is that an observer (1) might see a left-handed particle couple the W,Z bosons. However, if the spin of that particle is relative to the motion of an observer, an additional observer 2 seeing this particle but this time with a positive spin (right-handed) will not see the particle couple to the W,Z bosons because the weak interaction couples to left-handed particles only, I cannot understand this because the particle does couple or does not couple with the W,Z boson and this event should not depend on the observer's relative motion. 
Where does the principle of equal a priori probabilities come from in statistical mechanics? I have studied that the principle of equal a priori probabilities yields maximum entropy principle and minimum free energy principle and we can define and calculate other thermodynamic variables. However, where does the principle of equal a priori probabilities come from?
Why do we assume that Earth and infinity are at same potential? In many standard texts I have seen the approach of taking any point connected with Earth in a circuit as 0 potential. Obviously, there is nothing special with 0 as long as we are concerned with potentials except that it is standard potential for infinity when there are only  finite charges. I have seen a lot of question assigning same potential to both the Earth and infinity: such as this one 'A conducting sphere is initially charged with charge q. The sphere is then placed in a uniformly charged hollow sphere having charge q2 . The solid sphere in the interior is then connected to Earth with a conducting wire.There are no other charge distributions. Find the final charge on the sphere.'
How to calculate conductivity / electron mobility from theory? Is there a way to make quantitative statements about the conductivity of materials with band theory?If not I should still be able to get information about the conductivity from Green-Kubo relations of the electron wavefunctions in the material, right?
Can the CKM matrix supply the CP asymmetry as required by baryogenesis, in principle? In the process of Baryogenesis through Leptogenesis from the decay of heavy Majorana neutrinos, the necessary CP violation is perhaps provided only by the CP phases in the PMNS matrix. But the Weak interactions in the SM also violate CP through the CKM matrix. However, since Leptogenesis talks about the lepton sector and since the CKM matrix talks about CP violation in the quark sector, I guess that the CKM matrix cannot supply CP asymmetry for Leptogenesis. For Leptogenesis, it is the complex phases of PMNS matrix (not the CKM matrix) that supply the necessary CP asymmetry. Correct me if wrong.Question If the CKM matrix cannot contribute to Leptogenesis, can it supply the CP violation some other way, at least in principle, through some other mechanism of baryogenesis (no matter how small)?
Two particles accelerating together Let's suppose we have two particles that move together (parallel), and they  have a certain acceleration, their  acceleration is  identical, so both are at relative rest. My doubt is, as they approach the speed of light, will the relative rest  remain always?  or at some point they will begin to observe a relative speed or acceleration?Thank you
Help with reflectance measurement of Infrared This is a elementary question that troubles me.My understanding is that biological tissue absorbs and transmit light in the infrared region.How is that a sensor is able to detect temperature from infrared radiation? If these wavelength are absorbed by the subject, then what is the light that is reflected and captured by the IR camera?
What would happen to 2 separate photons on an uninterrupted path So I am a middle schooler and from what i understand, photons can interact with surrounding particle via gravity. If this is true, would 2 photons on an uninterrupted and completely isolated path eventually gravitate towards each other and pass each other, then gravitate again in an oscillatory fashion, while the distance from an imaginary midpoint slowly decreases. If this would happen, wouldn\u2019t we be incapable of telling this combination of two photons apart from a single photon other than its increased energy than a normal photon and increased gravitational pull.
What lets photons travel? Electricity flows from a point of higher level of potential toward a point of lower potential. Liquids flow from a point of higher level toward a point of lower level. I want to know, in the same manner, how do we explain the flow of photons in a beam of light from its source of origin, say, from a candle or from the sun?     
How to calculate weight of an object orbiting another object? How do we calculate weight of an object which is orbiting another bigger object in the space? For example, comparing the pair of Sun-Earth, Earth is orbiting Sun due to the force applied by Sun on Earth. Earth is undergoing non-uniform acceleration. Does Earth has weight? I think it has weight, but no sensation of it since it is in free fall. Is the weight of Earth changing every moment? Why it is believed popularly that Earth doesn't have weight?
Is the spin in quantum entanglement set at the moment the particles are separated, instead of when measured? Is the spin in quantum entanglement set the moment the particles are separated,  instead of transmitted instantaneously to its twin particle at the time of measurement? Wouldn't this make more sense then particles transmitting information instantly across a large distance faster than the speed of light? Couldn't the superposition collapse at the time of separation leaving both particles frozen with the same spin, momentum, polarization, ect no matter where they are taken or what happens to them?  Could this tie in with \"Can Quantum-Mechanical Description of Physical Reality Be Considered Complete' ?A. Einstein, B. Podolsky AND N. Rosen, Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, New Jersey(Received March 25, 1935) \".I very well could be something I'm missing, I don't have a degree in Quantum Physics, yet, and I'm only a Senior in High School, but Quantum Physics is something that I am very interested in. I have had this question for a few years now, and have not found anything on the subject. Now I am writing a research paper on the subject for an English class, but I can't find anything directly mentioning my question. One fault in my research could be the fact that I do not understand much of the math, due to my level being Calculus, but I would really like this answered. It would be great if I could get a link to the research or proof against or for my argument.
Are eigenstates of the position operator continuous? The way I've understood it is that eigenfunction of an operator are the different states which the actual wavefunction can take when the property/observable corresponding to the given operator is being observed. For the Hamiltonian operator, the eigenfunctions are forms the wavefunction will take when energy is being measured. The probability that we get a specific state corresponds to the coefficient from fourier decomposition of the wavefunction. I've also read/interpreted/misinterpreted that upon measurement of position, a wavefunction will collapse to a single spike with a specific value of position (determinate state of the position observable).With all of the above in mind, is it correct to think that the eigenstates of the position operator are continuous, because the probability density function is continuous and we can get a spike anywhere?Also, does this mean that the wavefunction takes the form of a spike when position is being observed, but a sine wave when the energy is being observed?Edit: by continuous eigenstates I want to say that there is an infinite number of them.
Water rocket height calculations & alculation of the size(diameter) of the nozzle I'm currently building a water rocket made out of carbon fiber pipes and fabric. Before that I built a simple water rocket made out of plastic bottles with my friend for a science competition. Now I want to take part in the science competition again but this time with my new water rocket. My friend did the height and velocity calculations for the last rocket while I was building the water rocket itself. Because of that I'm not really familiar with water rocket calculations. Of course I took a look at our old calculations but I discovered a terrible mistake. My friend just guessed the start velocity of the rocket because with the real values we'd have gotten results which would be far above the height we reached. That's also the reason why we splitted up and now I'm doing everything on my own. I looked all over the internet and in science book to find formulas with a close result to my actual height and velocity, sadly they were often too complicated and I just got into Highschool so I also didn't know if the formulas are right/verified. Can anyone recommend me formulas for the calculation of the height and velocity? I also did not find a formula for calculating the size(diameter) of my nozzle. Maybe one of you can also recommend me a formula for that. I'm really interest in rocket science and I'd love to learn more. The calculations can be complicated as long as they are close to the real height because I'm willing and ready to learn a lot about rocket science! I'm sorry if there are some English mistakes. English is not my native language and with all these technical terms it's quite difficult for me. I'm looking forward to your recommendations/replies!
The common wavefunction and annihilation of 1 photon QM says that if we have many particles they have a common wavefunction. Also QM says that when you measure a particle or observe it, you collapse its wavefunction. That must be a logical mistake. Now lets look at a laser beam as an example. The laser produces a plane wave which is comprised by many photons. Now if we observe (annihilate) one photon a part of the wavefunction must collapse. But then this means  that the wavefunction must be comprised by many individual wavefunctions of any separate photon. So it can not be common but a sum of individual wavefunctions (by the way sphearical in form which overlap to build a plane wave). What is your opinion about this issue?
Near-Field Scanning Optical Microscope Is it possible to study chemistry of a material (Like chemical composition) using Near-Field Scanning Optical Microscope?Is it possible to go below 10nm in NSOM/SNOM?
What are the differences between Convex Lens and Convex Mirrors? Sometimes I heard my teacher said convex 'lens' but other time I heard he said convex 'mirror'. The main problem I am currently facing right now is using the right terminology. In other words, what is the differences and similarities between a convex 'lens' and 'mirrors'? With that said, do they still behave the same like one another, if they are different? Thank you. 
Why do accelerating bodies have an event horizon? I read in a book named \"Three Roads to Quantum Gravity\" written by Lee Smolin that any accelerating body always have some hidden region of space-time from which light is never able to catch up with them, thus they develop some sort of an Event Horizon for themselves. Since any object possessing mass can never reach the speed of light, how is it possible for an accelerating object to never catch up with a ray of light?
What is the mathematical reasoning behind the inverse square law of two charges? The Hon. Henry Cavendish performed an experiment with two spheres, by which he proved that no electric force is produced inside a hollow charged sphere. In other words, proving that no electric field is produced inside the sphere, means that the charge present on the surface is in equilibrium. How does it prove the inverse square law?
Why does a viscous fluid tends to cling to a solid in contact with it? My textbook says that a viscous fluid tends to cling to a solid in contact with it, and also gives a consequence of the same: \"Dust particles cling to blades of a fan even when it is rotating rapidly.\"I gave it lots of thought but couldn't come up with any satisfactory reason.
What is the measured decay rate of antineutrons? / What is the measured mean lifetime of antineutrons? Please do not post any \"answers\" dealing with predicted/theoretical estimates. The question specifically asks for measured / experimental evidence.
Why is the emf induced in a closed spiral in a time-changing magnetic field less than that induced in a closed loop of the same radius? I don't get it. Is the area linked different?  Or is it something less?This is the kind of closed spiral I'm thinking of:
Why all laser photons are in the same direction? The lasing process begins when just one photon is accidently emitted. This explains why the photons on the line between the two mirrors are in phase. But what about the neighboring atoms or even distant one not on that line. How are they excited by that initial photon (by its wavefunction? WF) and why will they go perpendicularly to the mirrors. I expect they will go radially because the WF is spherical. And how does a plane wave build? The Huygens principle says that a spherical wave builds also spherical wave.
Why are pendulums' time periods amplitude-invariant? Whether the angle is low or high, it returns at the same time.How come this is true?
What is the way to represent a Lorentz tensor field? For a vector field one can represent this with an array of arrows.There is a standard sort of way to represent tensors in Euclidean space as small ellipses.Is there any standard way of representing tensors with (+-) signature? For example, perhaps small light cones? One could use ellipses as well, but this would not really give an idea of where time-like and space-like directions are at each point. Maybe an ellipse with a cross in it?Is there a common way of representing this on a 2D plane?
Electromagnetic field propagation in any medium at high frequency I am trying to understand an important concept regarding the propagation of EM fields in materials at high frequencies, which is:<blockquote>  \"At high frequencies any material behaves as a dielectric material. This is because the displacement current dominates the conduction current and the EM field propagates as a wave instead of being diffused\"</blockquote>Please, someone explain this statement in a detailed way or give me sources to understand it. This statement is from the following paper:\"Principles of Mine Detection by Ground-penetrating Radar\" by Motoyuki Sato
Can the paths of photons emitted from the same electron converge? (Correct where applicable)The electromagnetic field can be interpreted as a representation of the magnitude and direction of the force photons will have on another charge.The path a photon takes is the field line (and yes, according to quantum physics a photon takes all possible paths until its wave function breaks down, so the field line of a single photon will have all possible shapes before the wave function collapses).So can the field lines intersect if the light is concentrated, causing the photons to converge upon a point, despite the electromagnetic field intensity having more than one value if the field lines converge?
Is it possible to create a limitless power by firing rocks from the moon to Earth? Here is my idea for a limitless* power. A gun on the moon fires moon rocks towards the Earth. The moon rocks fall in Earths gravity picking up speed and smash into Earth's atmosphere generating huge amounts of energy which is collected. Some of this energy is then fired by lasers back to the gun on the moon.Is this in anyway a feasible way to generate energy? What are some of the hurdles?Perhaps instead of rocks, the gun could fire ionised particles from moon dust.(*For all intents and purposes. Say, for a few millennia.) 
Accurate Equation for Earth's Gravitational Binding Energy This is a relatively important question for anyone who can answer it. I am trying to find the equation that accurately solves for Earth's Gravitational Binding Energy. The information below is from the wikipedia page:Assuming that the Earth is a uniform sphere (which is not correct, but is close enough to get an order-of-magnitude estimate) with M = 5.97 x 10^24 kg and r = 6.37 x 10^6 m, U is 2.24 x 10^32 J. This is roughly equal to one week of the Sun's total energy output. It is 37.5 MJ/kg, 60% of the absolute value of the potential energy per kilogram at the surface.The actual depth-dependence of density, inferred from seismic travel times (see Adams\u2013Williamson equation), is given in the Preliminary Reference Earth Model (PREM). Using this, the real gravitational binding energy of Earth can be calculated numerically as U = 2.487 x 10^32 J.So what I wish to not for the latter results (2.487e+32 J) is what is the actual equation is used to get this result. And I do not mean the standard GBE equation which gave the other result above.
How to tie in black body radiation with quantum theory? I'm having trouble understanding the physical basis for the UV catastrophe in blackbody radiation graphs. Is the source of the drop off past UV because the electrons in a blackbody substance can't emit photons with frequencies much greater than those in the UV range? 
Difference between Airy disk and seeing disk In the diffraction pattern for a circular aperture, instead of just having a circle, we have a central disk and several faint rings around the circle. Does the Airy disk consist of only the central disk or does it also cover the surrounding rings? It's that I've seen written on several sites that it was just the central disk, but in others it says it covers the rings and now I'm confused. And what is the difference between the Airy disk and the seeing disk?
Can we see stars in day time by making use of a blue notch-filter? Given on a clear sunny day, the only light that is blocking the star light is the scattered blue light of atmosphere. If we make use of a notch filter, which blocks only the blue light, can we get to see the stars? Will the sky turn black and give us a feel as if there is no atmosphere?! Or is the atmospheric scattering spread across a wider spectrum that a filter to block the scattering light ends up blocking most of star light too?!
Quantum mechanics, information and reality Call me old fashioned but I'm rather fond on thinking of the electron as a physical thing with slots for information called mass, energy and velocity and charge. (And other ones called baron number and colour that it doesn't use.) I can believe in that.But now let's put some electrons together. Entangle them. Standard quantum theory says n entangled states require a vector of $2^n$ complex numbers. For a system of 10 electrons each one has suddenly had about a hundred real numbers tagged onto it that it didn't before. For a gram of ordinary matter the numbers to be tracked would enormous, $2^{10^{23}}$ say. I haven't tried working that number or longhand.  Something like $10^{10^7}$ maybe? It is very hard to believe these parameters are 'real' aspects of the electron.The alternatives would appear to be to believe that, whatever the fundamental substrate of the universe is, it can accommodate a near infinite amount of information processing in a near infinitely small volume.  Or that quantum mechanics is highly inefficient calculational device.It would seem that while the size of the system grows as n, the information content of the system is growing as 2^n. Looking at the information content of a component of the system it is 2^n/n is for any practical system the cc information content of even the smallest complement is trending to infinity.<br>Given that a an electron may in principle be entangled with every particle in the universe the information content of a single particle would appear to be near infinite. G Smith mentioned the Bekenstein bound, I wonder specifically how these two ideas could be compatible?Secondly, in a 'realist' theory of physics, the constructs of a theory are reflections of facets of the physical world. As I stated to begin with I can believe the electron has slots for position, momentum etc but to believe that an electron has somehow a way of storing a near infinite number of complex numbers (thanks again for comment) stretches the 'realist' conception of physics to an extent what's it is hard to believe. Where is a simple structureless particle to store this near infinite amount of information?
Paradox of the magnetic field's collapse Imagine two strong electromagnets (X and Y) enough far from each other.Facts:<blockquote>  1.) We know the magnetic fields spreading with the speed of light.    2.) When the magnetic fields reach the other electromagnets they will move.</blockquote>What happens if you turn off X before its magnetic field reach Y? For example the magnetic field off X needs 1 second to reach Y and you turn of X after 0.9 second. <blockquote>  1.) Both X and Y will not move. In this case the information about the collapse of the magnetic field is faster than the light. (0.1 s was  enough to reach Y from X!)    2.) X will move but Y will not. In this case you can build a magnetic rocket engine wich doesn't need any propellant just energy.    3.) Y will move but X will not. The same than the previous.    4.) Both X and Y will move. How can X move if there is no magnetic field around it? In this case you can get information about Y on an  extremely safety way. A third person cannot detect the informations  from Y.</blockquote>
Does a magnet always reorient itself along the most efficient path? If a magnet is held in a magnetic field in which it is not in the position of lowest energy, the magnet will tend to reorient itself to align with the field. When reorienting in 3D space, there are an infinite number of paths along which the magnet could rotate to reorient itself to arrive at the same endpoint.Light always takes the fastest path to its destination. Does a magnet always reorient along the most efficient path of rotation?Note that typically, the magnet will tend to both translate and rotate into its ideal position. For the purposes of this question, I'm only interested in the rotation, as there is always exactly one vector between the origin and destination point in translation, so there's one logical option for translation, but infinitely paths corresponding to infinitely many options for rotation.
Light reflection from a charged surface Will we see differences (in intensity or spectrum) of visible light reflection from surface of positively versus negatively charged metal plate (or any non-conducting materials)? Are there data about such experiments?    
Is the two events of an orbiting moon of Jupiter added together to calculate the actual moment? An observer on earth watching the orbit of a moon around Jupiter.Jupiter is at it's farthest distance from earth roughly 601 million miles which takes light roughly 54 minutes to arrive to earth. When the event of the moon during the observation of the moons orbit passes behind Jupiter the observer views the event happening 54 minutes in the past and the event of the light reappearing at 54 minutes in the past. So does the observer on earth view the whole event 108 minutes in the past for each orbit observed?     
Why is -273.15 \u00b0C the low temperature limit for the universe? According to Ideal Gas Law the lowest  temperature of an ideal gas can be $-273.15 \u00b0C$. This temperature is also considered the lowest temperature in the universe. But it is the lowest possible temperature for ideal gases. What is the proof that it is the lowest possible temperature for real gases and more importantly for all things in the universe? 
Multiplicity of statistical weight of macrostates when combining systems in thermodynamics (Boltzmann entropy) In my lecture notes, the Boltzmann entropy form was motivated as a valid form for entropy partly because it was extensive. However this hinges on the assumption that the statistical weight for a macrostate of two systems combined is their product. Why is this valid- for large systems at least- and when might it break down?
How to get the UT1 directly? or How to get the UT1-UTC I have a question to consult you. Even though I know the relationship between time scales like UT1, UTC, TAI, and TT, I do not know which one is the key point for the computation. That is, from which parameter I can derive others.For example, if I wanna compute UT1, I must know UT1-UTC. But how to derive UT1-UTC normally? Actually, I know there is some place to distribute the table for UT1-UTC. But compared to that, I prefer to know how to derive that.In my opinion, all the key point maybe the TAI. We can derive the TAI-UT1 by astronomical observation and then compute other time scales with the relationship formula. Am I right? I hope for the right and professional answer.
Electron interaction with vacuum fluctuations The cause of Lamb shift is interaction between vacuum fluctuations and electron in the atom.Will electron (or photon) in free space interact with vacuum fluctuations? How momentum will transfer vacuum fluctuations to the electron?
How to define the boundary of an infinite space in the holographic principle? In the holographic principle, an analogy is made between the information of a black hole being encoded on the event horizon, and the information of the universe being encoded onto a two-dimensional boundary of the universe. However, one of the possibilities for the extent of the physical universe is that it is infinite. In this case, how does one define the boundary?  
Can wires length really increase surge voltage? Does this have basis in reality or just an urban legend that longer wire length can increase surge voltage bec of lenz law and stuff?
Balanced Torques and centre of mass Say we have a plank of wood that is placed on the edge of a cliff so that one end projects horizontally out over the edge. How would you go about finding the minimum mass that you could place on top of the plank so it doesn\u2019t topple over the edge and remains in equilibrium. I know the torques must be balanced, but how would the equation for the mass of the object be derived. Also i think the object should be placed at the end of the plank furthest out from the overhang however what about the center of mass? 
interpretation of double slit experiment If you do the double slit experiment with a laser beam, you get an interference pattern; as light goes through different paths and the phase shift leads to constructive and destructive interferences. This gives us an evidence of wavy behavior of light.Now, if you do the same experiment with one photon (or electron ,...) at a time, you get the same interference pattern, but this time the interference pattern gives you the probability of each photon ending up in a specific place on the backstop.My confusion is, that why don't we interpret shooting with a laser beam just like shooting photons one at a time? If we think of a laser beam as millions of photons, that we are shooting them at the same time, why can't we just think of each photon as following the wave function (which is a probability function) and ending up on a spot on the backstop?Why we think of the laser beam as a real wave that interacts with itself to make an interference pattern?
How can the red shift due to Hubble flow be consistent with the law of conservation of energy? Given that there is no change in relative kinetic energy attributable to the expansion of the universe, what accounts for the difference in energy emitted vs energy absorbed (i.e. the red shift component) by two very distant bodies of mass whose relative velocities only exist due to the expansion of the universe and are therefore effectively zero?Consider a photon that got emitted some time back in a far-off galaxy and absorbed today on earth. Also assume that there is no peculiar velocity involved, and that it was emitted due to an energy change in a hydrogen atom. The wavelength we would see were we able to observe the photon would be greater than that of a similar photon emitted from earth, and we might put that red-shift  down to the space stretching effect of the expansion of the universe that had taken place between emission and absorption. All well and good in terms of observation, but not so good in terms of energy conservation. The photon energy, being only dependent on its frequency, is lower than expected. But unless there is another energy transfer taking place, the energy emitted must equal the energy absorbed right? How can this be explained?
Is mass-energy conversion contradicting energy conservation? If mass can be transformed into energy, and energy transformed back into mass, isn't this at odds with the law of conservation of energy?Because this would mean, that in theory, it would be possible to let an object fall down a certain distance, performing work along the way, then you would transform the object's mass into energy, transport the energy to a higher level, and rematerialize the object, and let it fall down again, performing work along the way?This would enable an infinite loop whereby infinite amounts of energy can be gained through the gravitational field. 
Hawking Radiation from a Physical Black Hole For distant observer, a physical black hole takes an infinite amount of time collapse, because time is redshifted near the Schwarzchild radius. Instead of the matter crossing the horizon, it will just pancake closer and closer to the $r_s$, without ever forming a horizon. On the other hand, Hawking's derivation relies on the existence of a bona fide horizon. Can the horizon radiate before it even exists?
Would spinning salt emit radiation? It wouldn't need to be salt. Basically I was initially thinking about a mechanical transmitter, essentially just taking two equal opposite charges and fixing them to the opposite ends of a pole. Then you spin the pole around it's center (like a baton twirler) and it will emit some (mostly dipole) radiation.Take an identical setup and fix the centers of the two poles together so we have a cross and spin that in the plane of the cross (picture a tire iron), and we should have a decent quadrapole moment and thus some quadrapole radiation (supposing you could spin it fast enough).This made me consider iterations of this until you've a ring of alternating charges side by side spinning in a circle. Naturally I thought of table salt (some ionic crystal or another). So classically I get that it should radiate, but since it's a bound quantum state I'm not sure? Also, the strongest multipole moment I imagine would be some ridiculously large number for such a setup (probably making the radiation exceedingly weak and hard to detect?).Sorry no pictures or equations, I'm tiredAnyway, for those interested I was initially considering how the moment of inertia of our initial pole would end up being dependent upon rotation speed.
X-ray frequency or crystal structure: which was known first? In the classical Bragg setup, one can determine the distance between crystal layers if the wavelength of a characteristic line is known or the other way round, calculate the distance if the wavelength of a x-ray line is known.Which quantity was determined first and how?
Supersymmetry: spin of the superpartners I'm currently working on my master thesis, and I need to know a bit of supersymmetry. I have been looking the theory and I have a basic knowledge about it.I have a problem with understanding the spin of the superpartners. When the multiplets are build, we have the operators which rise and lower the spin of the state by 1/2. Therefore the superpartners will have a spin which differs by 1/2 respect to the usual particle. But, why the squarks have spin 0 instead of 1? Quarks have spin 1/2, thus I understand that the superpartner should have either spin 0 or 1. But why 0 and not 1? This question applies of course to other particles, such as the photino(why not 3/2?), slepton(why not 1?), etc.Finally, we know that the gauge fields (graviton, photon, etc) are the connections for forces. Do the superpartners of the gauge fields play a role in the forces as well? I know that the gravitino can't, since there are not interacting theories of massless particles with spin greater than 2. What about the other gauge fields?
Do antiparticles behave opposite of the particle? If antiparticles have opposite charge to that of the particle, will their interaction be completely opposite?For example, an electron and a proton are attracted to each other, will a positron and a proton repel each other?Similarly if a proton is repelled by another proton, will an antiproton be attracted to another proton?
What is the solar wind speed as function of distance from the Sun? Someone must have calculated at least a \"zero-order approximation\" of the behavior of solar wind speed, density, and pressure as a function of distance from the Sun, but the heck if I can find it.  Anyone know of some good references for this?
Is there a parameter which describes the degree of isotropy/anisotropy of a single source? Our task is to analyse how isotropic a random collection of vectors is. All of them start at the origin and have the same length. Is there a parameter which describes the isotropy for this case? How do I calculate it? 
Why doesn't optical path difference occur when light from two coherent sources pass through a lens? I guess, for a convex lens I might say that the marginal rays travel a longer path but spend a shorter time inside the lens, while the opposite of that happens in case of paraxial rays. That can be an explanation for the same optical path, but what about a concave lens? For a concave lens, the marginal rays actually travel a longer path and also spend more time inside the lens. I might be wrong in my conjecture, and even if I'm right, I'd like a quantitative explanation.
What happens when the saturation pressure of a substance is greater than its actual pressure I am facing difficulties with understanding the relationship with saturation pressure and the phase change (from liquid to gas) of a pure substance.Let's suppose I have some amount of water at p = 5 bar and T = 200 \u00baC.To know if it is liquid, vapor or in the phase change, I could go and check the saturation temperature for given p = 5 bar.That would be 151,71 \u00baC.I perfectly visualize that, being the saturation temperature below the actual temperature, the phase change \"already happened\". And I can say it already happened because temperature does not change while being in the phase-change, so, being the temperature greater than the saturation temperature, that change already happened and the water is now vapor.But if I choose to apply the same reasoning the other way, given that the saturation pressure for T = 200 \u00baC is 15,54 bar, I do not understand how this would tell me that the water is vapor.What I expect is that, since the saturation pressure is greater than the actual pressure, the water is still liquid. And I say still liquid because a lower pressure somehow translates as less energy, and less energy means to me that it still remains liquid. It must increase it's energy (just like with temperature) before going for the phase-change. But it happens to be exactly the opposite. And I am not able to visualize this.
Localization of photon Is the photon localized at the instant of its Emission (release)?by an accelarating charge by Atom\u00b4s emission
Is it possible for antimatter to be created from a nucleus of regular matter decaying? I have a limited understanding of nuclear reactions. I know of the decay in which a positron is emitted from a nucleus and a proton is converted back into a neutron. There is also another type of decay in which a helium atom is emitted without any electrons, known as alpha decay.Is there any definitively known fact that would prevent a possibly undiscovered type of decay which emitted an anti-alpha particle similar to positron emission?Also, if antimatter annihilates with matter upon contact, releasing 100% of its energy, what happens to these positrons during/after beta decay? Can we use the emission of antimatter particles to create useful energy?
Magnetic force on a wire Where does the force of magnetic field that is created by current is exerted ? in the positive charge atoms of the wire ?
Physics mystery : why does it rotate? In the beginning this thing was floating still and the candle was out. Then someone lit the candle and the flame somehow Made the object spin on the water. See the picture.I know a little bit about thermodynamics and a bit about electromagnetism, but not the combination. Is this due to magnetism or thermodynamics or both? Does the flame change The electric field? Is it related to curie temperature and the alike? Please explain this.Also how to compute the speed of rotation? How long will it spin? How to explain classically and how modern (quantum)?I assume the properties of water relate?
Current in infinitely long wire? Theoretically, suppose an infinite-length wire with completely no resistance (0\u03a9) connected to the terminals of a battery, and an electric lamp placed in the \"center\" of said wire. The question is: would the lamp glow? i.e. will there be current?I, alongside my IBY1 physics peers predicated that: although there will be a potential difference across both terminals, the electrons gaining energy when leaving the battery will never be able to transfer this energy to the last few electrons in the wire.Assuming the bulb will glow on the instant the battery is connected raises the issue that energy can be transferred at infinite speed. I would be appreciative if this issue could be cleared up.
At what frequency does a string vibrate? When a string with fixed ends vibrates (e.g. plucking a guitar string) Fourier Theorem says that the vibration can be expressed as a sum of its normal modes, which are sinusoidal vibrations with frequencies that are all integer multiples of the fundamental frequency.My question is really simple: since the resulting vibration is a sum of a large number of simple vibrations, with what frequency is the string really vibrating (since, after all, it is a vibration)? Are all the points in the string vibrating with the same frequency but with amplitude modulated in space as happens with the normal modes? I'm not asking which pitch do we perceive (the fundamental frequency), but at what frequency is the string vibrating.
Why is the integration constant in a purely inductive AC circuit assumed to be zero? While studying about AC circuits, I came across the usual differential equation of an AC circuit (in which the voltage across the source is  a sinusoidal function of time) containing an inductor only. After applying Kirchoffs Law and integrating, the book says that the integrating constant should be zero because as the voltage is sinusoidal and average of voltage over a single time period is zero the current is also expected to be sinusoidal with mean current over single time period, expected to be zero.This doesn't sound like a satisfactory reason to me. Can someone give a better reason than this? Any help will be appreciated. EDIT: I've got some really good answers in which many people pointed out that in reality the value of arbitrary constant doesn't matter because the circuit would have some resistance and after integration the solution would contain an exponentially decaying term multiplied by an arbitrary constant and that would decay out very quickly. But unfortunately that still doesn't answers my question completely. Suppose i have an Inductance, a resistance and a source of AC with a fixed peak voltage and I connect them via a switch which I keep open. As soon as I close the switch there will be a current in the circuit, which will depend on that arbitrary constant of integration. I can measure the initial current and there should be a unique value of initial current for a given value of Inductance, Resistance, Frequency and Voltage of AC source, I want to get an expression that would PREDICT this initial current (and therefore should not include and arbitrary constant). What will be that expression? 
Why do physicists think that the dark matter is cold? Most of the dark matter in the Universe is cold or nonrelativistic which rules out neutrinos as dark matter candidate as they are hot or relativistic. But why do physicists think that the dark matter is cold? How cold (i.e., how heavy) do these dark matter particles have to be?
Why can't a particle penetrate an infinite potential barrier? I am studying basic quantum theory. My question is:Why can't a particle penetrate an infinite potential barrier?The reasoning that I have applied is that particles under consideration have finite energy. So, to cross an infinite potential barrier the particle requires infinite energy. But I cannot think of the mathematical relation between potential and energy so that indeed I am convinced that to cross an infinite potential barrier the particle needs infinite energy.What is the relation between the potential and energy of quantum mechanical particles?
What are the \"real\" primary colors and complementary color pairs? If CMY are the true primary colors of subtractive color theory, are the complementary pairs yellow and blue, cyan and red, and magenta and green the \"true\" opposite color pairs?For example, a makeup artist who wants to color correct blue under eye circles usually uses orange makeup. Would she have better results if she used yellow makeup?Alternatively, is the CMY(K) model only more accurate for printers printing on white paper? Maybe the way we actually perceive color is less scientific and more inline with the traditional RYB model?
Application of Correlation Dimension to Fractals other than Sets of Points In Chaos Theory, the Correlation Dimension is defined to calculate the dimension of fractals.At least in the context where I've learnt it, it is applied to fractals made up of sets of points.Is it also used to define fractals that are not sets of points, such as von Koch curve and Sierpinski carpet?
Doesn't expansion of space not allow a perputual motion? Well consider the following thought experiment: We have a tool to extract/transform \"nearly all\" potential gravitational energy into other forms of energy. We can theoretically make such an object (think about a very efficient sling, or a slide with minimal drag resistance). Now we can also consider a two body system one heavy central body and a smaller secondary body, which are initially at \"rest\" compared to each other. (gravitational potential stays equal). We can also have such an object theoretically.Now our system would at some \"point\" release the secondary body allowing it to \"fall\reducing the gravitational energy and increasing its velocity (which could in some way be converted to other energy).This is all perfectly working in our classical system and doesn't violate any laws. We can get close to 100% efficiency theoretically. (unrealistic, sure but physically possible).However add the expansion of space to this system: and it becomes messy. On a small scale it still \"works\however since gravity is a force that works without boundaries, the system should still work on the large scale.Say the two bodies are really far apart, gravity still works in this two body system and it will \"fall down\". Now we can deduce that space has increased between the bodies between us \"lifting it up there\" and \"releasing it\". Thus when it is at it's periapsis (or ground) the kinetic energy can be higher than the original energy put into the system.This additional energy could be \"removed\" before the object goes back up for another revolution. (and it would reach the original apoapsis again, but due to the time &amp; distance that again would be \"further away\").This would imply a perputual motion: of course it cannot work.Now there are a few things that make this impossible in practice, most notably we consider our universe nearly homogeneous, thus when we travel far away a two body system can no longer be consider a two body system as there is equal mass in every direction.However this would imply that expansion of space would only occur in systems where mass is homogenously distributed: an N-body system could never have expansion of space.Another idea is that space expansion only occurs between object not interacting with each other. (this fits the idea that exansion of space only works in big systems and not inside the solar system) But since gravity acts without bounds this can of course not be the case.So these can't be the reasons the above perputal motion system won't work: what am I missing? Other things could of course be that the gravitational constant changes when space changes (but that seems illogical with all other things I know). Or even that matter (mass) itself changes while space expands, but that also seems to alien and not in line with other experiences.I almost feel silly for considering a perpetual motion system, but one has to understand why it wouldn't work. So can that be explained?
If you fell into a black whole with an accretion disc, but perpendicular If you fell into a black whole with an accretion disc, but orthogonal to the plane of the disc - would you ever meet the disc?I'm not asking whether you survive long enough, and obviously we assume that the disc has some non-zero width to avoid boring mathematical artifacts.My intuition would say that it would look as if the disc would come towards me from all sides (spaghettification), but I'd like that confirmed or corrected by people who know about this properly.As an add-on it would also be interesting to indeed deliberate if the cause of death would be due to heat first or that the curvature tears you to a line.
Empty container with pinhole - an assumption for a black body I know that a black body is a hypothetical perfect absorber and radiator. It emits EM radiation with different intensities. But my doubt is, how can an empty container with a pinhole be considered a good assumption for a black body.In Peter Atkins | Julio de Paula - Physical Chemistry, It's given that \"A good approximation to a black body is a pinhole in an empty container maintained at a constant temperature: any radiation leaking out of the hole has been absorbed and re-emited inside so many times as it reflected around inside the container that is it has come to thermal equilibrium with the walls\"Does the hypothetical model allows accumulation of electromagnetic oscillators ? Isn't it's rate of absorption and emission be same? 
Gravity, falling bodies, and the equivalence principle Why is that bodies in a box accelerating uniformally in space that is sufficiently removed from gravitational fields fall identically to bodies in a box located in a homogeneous gravitational field (e.g., on Earth)
How does electron \"orbit\" nucleon unless 3 coloured charges act like positive charge? Do quark(s) emit(s) electromagnetic wave otherwise how do(es) electron(s) form an orbital? Can colour charges somehow mimic electric charge? Btw I know quarks interact via strong nuclear force.
How does Fermat's principle of least time come from this statement? In Wikipedia Fermat's Principle is stated as:<blockquote>  A ray of light prefers the path such that there are other paths, arbitrarily nearby on either side, along which the ray would take almost exactly the same time to traverse. </blockquote>So how does the principle for shortest time come from this statement? Is there any mathematical derivation or any assumption to make? 
Surviving a fall into a balloon-filled pit My brothers and i have been debating this question for years. If an average person fell at terminal velocity into the center of a pit that is 1 mile deep x 1 mile in diameter, and the pit is filled with typical latex-based air-filled round party balloons (not helium-filled), would they survive the impact?  Each balloon is independent of the other balloons.ThanksEdit: this only concerns the impact, not the subsequent events that occur after the person has stopped.Edit: there are several ways to die from the impact - too abrupt of a stop (do the balloons give enough?), not enough of a stop (would you fall through the balloons? Do they pack densely enough?), static electricity (?), heat (?), etc.
BCS theory for neutral fermions As I understand it, Cooper pairs form between two fermions and are the cause of superconductivity. I was told by a teacher that the formation of Cooper pairs and BCS theory requires both fermions to be charged. But I also understand that Cooper pairs can form between two neutrons in neutron stars and neutrons are neutral particles. I asked the teacher the same question and they told me that it was because of pairing between the quark constituents of the neutron. However, I have not been able to find any article or text that refers to this. In reading about BCS theory I have also not found any discussion on the fermions needing to be charged. Could someone refer me to any such text? Or help me understand what I am missing. I am new to the subject and asking questions as a novice.The context of the discussion was that the teacher was saying that neutron star superconductivity and superfluidity required QED to be described. And I could not understand how QED could be applied to neutrons.
What is the basic difference between beats and stationary (standing) waves? As far as I know both are formed from interference of 2 waves.And why don't the stationary waves undergo destructive interference?It's a bit confusing.
A fundamental question about charge and speed of a particle Hi everybody and happy 2019. In my teaching sessions sometimes someone asks questions i cannot truly answer (although i have many arguments on it) and here's one that really puzzles me:<blockquote>  A massless (real) particle moves at $c$; now, since electric charge is always  associated with the presence of mass, if you move at $c$ you cannot  carry any electric charge, nevertheless you can still carry color charge, why?</blockquote>I think that a more fundamental question for this would be to ask why if you are massless you actually must move at speed $c$ plus to understand the nature of the e.m. interaction and strong force one. Any help to give my student an answer that is not a labirynth of theorical burning hell?The point here is not if charged massless particle can or cannot exist but if in principle this apply to all kind of charges (e.g. elecrtic, color, etc.) that is to say if the property of a filed of self-interaction is somehow necessarely linked to the property of having no mass (or alternatively spin 0)
How can gravitational waves from such a long distance affect the beam of light? Even if it does affect it should affect all the surrounding object making it impossible to detect any change. It would be like keeping a man and a scale in a room, and if a gravitational wave is passed through them in a uniform pattern, the man would see no change in the scale as both shrink and expand at the same time.
Thermal radiation from molten glass Molten glass, on photos, appears to radiate light like a black body. However, as cold glass absorbs almost no visible light, I would guess the emissivity for visible light is very low. So I am wondering, is the emissivity of molten glass surprisingly high, or does molten glass emit far less light than a black body?[ -- edit: I am mainly interested in the emissivity for visible light, not infrared ]
Can non-uniform circular motion be called as periodic motion? In non-uniform circular motion with a constant magnitude of tangential acceleration, though the particle keeps completing the same circle its speed changes continuously and hence the circular motions each time are not identical. So it should not be periodic motion according to me. Am I right?
Heat Transfer Coefficient What is the relationship between time and heat transfer coefficient? Actually are there any at all? What happens to time taken in heat transfer if the coefficient is value is raised or lowered? All we know is $$Q=hA(T-T_a)$$ which does not include time. Only surface area and temperatures. Let us say a casting takes 40 minutes to cool down to its 95% of the original temperature. Now if the heat transfer coefficient is 5 times higher, what will be the time required? Will it still take 40 minutes to cool down to 95% of the original temperature?
Can't Determine the direction of rotation of a coil Speaking of coils and torque here, So I have a coil and after I did fleming's right hand rule to get the direction of the torque (let it be the positive x-axis unit vector \u00ee can't remember it correctly) I was asked to get it's direction of rotation: whether it is clockwise or anti-clockwise.What I tried is handling segments of the coil separately to know the direction of rotation but that didn't help me much as the coil was on xy plane, I kept imagining it but I can't figure out if its clockwise or anti I mean it depends whether I look at it from the right or the left, I also tried right hand screw rule but It made no sense to me, at last I tried to look it up on Internet but didn't really find any results so I head over here in hope I get help.Thank youEdit(2):I am not allowed to post pictures, and not familiar with mathjax I use the app on my phone I will try to describe one of the two problems I am talking about:Rectangular coil of 20 turns and an area of 0.005 square meters, carrying current of 10A, Its hinged along the y-axis and mounted on XY plane at an angle of 30 degrees to a uniform magnetic field of 0.5 tesla, Find the torque vector and the direction of rotation of the coil. So the coil has one long side on y and one short side on x (axis) the direction of current is also given So tau=NI AxB is what I did after resolution of B into a vector and what I got was 4.33*10^-3 (-y axis unit vector)But I am struggling with the direction of rotation for the coil
Wave function of a system of two identical fermions In N. Zettili's 'Quantum Mechanics Concepts and Applications' [chapter 8, solved problem 8.3], we have to find wave function and ground state energy of a system having two identical fermions and in the solution it is mentioned that the wave function of the system must be anti-symmetric.But if we have a system of two identical fermions(say electrons), the net spin of the system is then either 1 or 0, hence integral. So the wave function must be symmetric!Is this right or am I missing something because it is repeatedly written in Zettili in subsequent problems as well?
Double slit experiment record but not look at it I am having a tough tough stressful week trying to write an article about quantum mechanics. I know there was a question asked the same thing before, but I didn't understand nor I did not want to wake up an old thread.The double slit experiment we all know, if we put an apparatus at the slit to detect which slit the electron has gone through but not look at the data it spits out, what happens to the screen? (Looking at the screen doesn't do any change right?)1) If an active observer is not necessary for the wave function to collapse, the existence of a sensor will destroy the interference pattern because the sensor has interfered with the system.2) If there needs to be an observer to read off the data from the sensor and acknowledge that the electron has acted like a particle and gone through either of the slit, the interference pattern will not be destroyed when the sensor is just there but no one has read the data.Which one is it?
Which specific law of physics is broken by the \"double jump\"? So, there's a cliche in computer gaming known as a \"double jump\". This can be described as:<blockquote>  A character jumps from a solid surface, and then is able to extend their jump by carrying out the jump action again in mid-air, starting their ballistic arc again from that position.</blockquote>I appreciate that, barring some rocket propulsion, this is not physically possible, but which specific law would have to be suspended in game dynamics in order to allow this to happen?
Why Einstein's unified field theory is believed not to work? In his later life, Albert Einstein was trying to extend his general theory of relativity to incorporate electromagnetism and other fundamental forces with it, something he himself called \"The theory of everything\" or \"Unified field theory\". My question is, has Einstein published anything about this work, and if so, are they proved wrong?
Time for a photon to pass through a massive body Suppose there is a neutron star with a hole in the middle.  Through this hole, scientists shoot a laser beam in such a way that it will pass through the gravity well of the neutron star but will not be bent by it.I imagine that when photons are going in the hole, they blueshift, but after leaving they redshift (due to curved spacetime?).  But how about the time they take from one side to the other? Will it be the same as if the neutron star wasn't there? If not, how do I calculate it?
Why can a particle decay into two photons but not one? I recently read an old physics news about the Higgs boson where it was observed to decay into 2 photons and I was wondering why it wouldn't have decayed into a single photon with the combined energy of 2 photons?
minimum uncertainty in measurement of position Suppose, I made a measurement of the position of an electron using a photon. How the minimum uncertainty in the measurement of the position be one wave length?Also how do we use waves to measure the position of an electron? any help will be highly appreciated. 
What is the physical content of the principle of least action? Say the world is governed by the Principle of Least Action (or Hamiltonian mechanics) and let's not worry about quantum mechanics too much.Independently of any Lagrangian or Hamiltonian, does that tell us anything about the world? If yes, what?To put it differently, is it possible to falsify the Principle of Least Action? What kind of experimental results would do so?
What is the physical content of the principle of least action? Say the world is governed by the Principle of Least Action (or Hamiltonian mechanics) and let's not worry about quantum mechanics too much.Independently of any Lagrangian or Hamiltonian, does that tell us anything about the world? If yes, what?To put it differently, is it possible to falsify the Principle of Least Action? What kind of experimental results would do so?
Non-static spherical symmetry spacetime The Schwarzschild solution is a static spherically symmetric metric. But I wanted to know that how would the space-time interval look in a Non-Static case. I tried to work it out and got $$ds\u00b2= Bdt\u00b2 - Cdtdr - Adr\u00b2 - r\u00b2d\u03a9\u00b2$$Where $A,B,C$ are functions if $r$ and $t$. Being an amateur I am not sure whether this is correct. 
Why a rope grabbed by a single end seems to follow the hand that grabs it? ContextI am thinking about the physics of the movement of a rope in the context of a person running and grabbing a rope in one hand (the other end is \"free\there is nothing attached). When the person is just standing, the rope simply falls down vertically.Update after comments: the rope does not stay on \"horizontal state\" (wrong original assumption was that when the person is running, the rope looks like it follows the direction of the person hand, that is, if the person runs forwards (horizontally), the rope hangs horizontally from the hand.)When the person is not running, I asume that the main ideas that explain why the rope \"falls down\" vertically are gravity. Main questionWhat physics principles / ideas can explain the movement of the rope, when the person is running?I guess that air friction might be one. Am I right? What would others be? Tension?Side questionWhile running, the person moves its arm upwards. The rope transitions from horizontal to diagonal (switching from one height to the current hand's height) and then returns to horizontal. What principles are involved in these transitions / movements?
What are the experiments performed to determine the position of an electron inside an atom to verify the probability wave function data? What are the experiments performed to determine the position of an electron inside the atom to verify the probability wave function data? Is it possible to do those experiments in real life?
What do you think of this conceptualization of the universe and time dilation? So the universe is ever-expanding. It's been expanding in all directions since the Big Bang, like how a sponge expands when you give it water. The universe is made of a fabric known as space-time. The expansion of the universe, of space-time, is how we experience time. And when our speed increases between 2 reference points, we are moving with that expansion between the two reference points. Which is why the moving object experiences time slower, because space-time is not moving through that object as quickly. I know this isn't perfect, but do I have the right idea?
If we know the distance of a distant light emitting object, how could we know the age without knowing how long the light has been here? I have been contemplating the age of our observable universe and I was unsure as to how we could tell the age by only divdeing the distance by the constent with out knowing how long the light has been here. Wouldn't that only tell us the minimum of elapsed time.
Does polarized light reflect in the same polarization? If vertically polarized light hits a linear polarizer aligned at a 45 degree angle from the polarization of the light, my understanding is 50% of the light will pass through and have its polarization changed and 50% will be blocked/reflected.For the 50% of light that is reflected off the polarizer (does not pass through), does its polarization remain vertical or does it change?
Electronically controlled fusion reactor It seems that currently, only two types of fusion reactor styles are being used for large scale testing: the Stellarator and the Tokamak. Both of these and a whole bunch of other designs have been developed in the 1950s and '60s. They are based on the idea of confining very hot plasma in a magnetic field, shaped just weirdly enough to not let the plasma escape.Shaping such a field seems to be extremely complicated and could apparently only recently be achieved using computational optimization on the coil shape. On a side note, these reactors are also massively huge and expensive, probably not unrelated to the design.Why are we still relying on these half a century old designs? What is stopping us from creating a very simple coil arrangement and just using a control loop to keep the plasma confined? Surely, somebody already thought of this. The designs mentioned before rely on the magnet field to create an inherently stable confinement. But today we can use inherently unstable processes and artificially make them stable by using a control loop.A viable coil arrangement could potentially consist of 6 coils, distributed around a cube shaped container. The plasma could be induced and heated using light or radiation. If necessary, the coils could be made superconductive. The plasma cloud's shape, size and orientation could be tracked and used to change the field's shape in a way to contain it. The plasma could be compressed by collectively increasing the field strength, further heating it up.Why doesn't this work?I'm posting this in the Physics StackExchange because, despite being somewhat of an engineering question, I'm quite sure the underlying physics is what makes the idea impractical.
Did the rapid inflationary expansion slow down a lot because the inflaton field had decayed, or because of gravity from matter/radiation? What happened to the rate of expansion right after inflation ended?Did the rapid inflationary expansion slow down a lot because the inflaton field had decayed, or because gravity from matter/radiation gradually decelerated the rapid expansion? In other words, did inflationary expansion instantaneously turn into non-inflationary because inflaton field had decayed, or did inflationary expansion gradually decelerate to be non-inflationary because of gravity from matter/radiation?
If strings of matter are of the same substance how can matter carry differing charges? Considering that a string is a loop of energy composed of the same underlying material how is it possible for it to be either positively or negatively charged? For that matter, how is it possible for it to be the same substance and to have zero charge?
Centripetal Acceleration as a Cross Product Is it fine to express the centripetal acceleration as a cross product?<br>a=v X w (where a is centripetal acceleration, v is magnitude of velocity, w is angular velocity)  And is it v X w or w X v?  What I think:<br>Since centripetal acceleration requires tangential (perpendicular) velocity, I start thinking about cross products, and was able to express the acceleration vector as 2 other vectors.<br>Fiddling around with my right hand, I think that a=v X w and not a=w X v.<br>Where the convention is<br>-angular velocity towards me implies positive anticlockwise movement<br>-centripetal acceleration upwards is taken as positive<br>-velocity has to move in a way to cause anticlockwise movement  Thing is, I've been searching this up on the Internet but couldn't find any resources for confirmation.  Is it true that centripetal acceleration can be represented as the cross product of velocity and angular velocity? v X w
Lennard-Jones potential For the Lennard-Jones interatomic potential, the portion of the graph between r = sigma and r = equilibrium has a negative potential energy (attraction) and a negative force (repulsion). I am trying to reconcile these two.
Energy of electric field in the space between a pair forming a dipole I'm not studying physics, I was just curious that if the electric field created by electron and positron in a dipole follows the same rules as double slit experiment. That is, for example on the midpoint, the field should be the sum of two separate fields, is the field energy 4 times higher than that of the single electron? (2 times higher than the sum of individuals). Does this mean that if another electron is put in between, it is four times likely that it hits a photon?Then in the mentioned scenario can't we measure which one interacted with the other electron?If we can't why, and if we can shouldn't the field energy be half?(Is it like: interacting with one + the pair attracting each other = interacting with the other one)  
Question regarding newtons third law of motion I'm taking a module in physics, and I'm quite confused with applying Newton's third law of motion. I know in the following examples we are usually just interested in the forces acting on the book and the car, but to understand it I wanted to take a look at the big picture, so could you let me know if I have the basic idea.Say you have a book resting on a table which is resting on the floor. You end up with four pairs of forces. Force due to gravity on the book, equal and opposite one on the earth.A contact force on the table equal to the force due to gravity on the book, and a normal reaction force on the book equal and opposite to the contact force.... then you have two more pairs: one between the desk and the earth and one between the floor and the desk. The force of the floor on the desk is equal and opposite to the contact force of the book on the table and the weight of the table.so thats 1 problem. I'm not sure if I have the right idea, but hopefully one of you can help me out. And with the car:1: tire pushes back on road, road pushes forward on car2.friction pushes back on the car and forward on the road, easily overcome.and I guess air resistance and other forces eventually bring the car to a contstant velocity.
Strong nuclear force vs electrostatic repulsion between protons Does the strong nuclear force balance the electrostatic repulsions between the protons or does it overcome the repulsion? I looked up on wikipedia and it says that the strong nuclear force is strongest of all the fundamental forces. Based on that i assume that it overcomes the electrostatic repulsions. Now what if there are more protons than neutrons (or less neutrons than protons), in the nucleus? Wouldnt this mean that the electrostatic forces are stronger than the strong nuclear force? If the electrostatic forces are stronger, what would happen to the nucleus? Would it break apart? (is it related to the stability?)In addition to this, at what stage do we know (or by how much in the difference between protons and the neutrons) would cause the electrostatic forces greater than the strong nuclear force? Thankyou.
Why do lens (convex) not introduce any path difference to light incident on it? My understanding is that the top rays spend less time inside the lens where the speed of light is slow and the middle rays spend more time inside the lens so the time is kind of compensated . But I'm looking for, like a mathematical proof.I'm asking in the context of Huygens' principle Try to not involve quantum mechanics.
Why does a star die once it has iron? I found out that iron is the death element for stars, but I couldn't find why can anyone knowledgeable on stars explain why iron causes the star to die?
What does a symmetry that changes the Lagrangian by a total derivative do to the Hamiltonian $H$? A tiny symmetry transformation may change the Lagrangian $L$ by a total time derivative of some function $f$. This is a basic fact used in the proof of Noether's theorem.How can we see the effect of this total derivative term in the Hamiltonian framework? Is there a good example to work out? I can't think of one off the top of my head. It just seems strange to me that all this fuss about total derivatives seem to disappear in the Hamiltonian framework. 
How can I determine the force of a blow that launches an object? If I have a blow of force N that strikes an object and launches that object of weight W at angle A into the air moving said object a distance D from where it was struck.What other considerations (efficiency of energy transfer?) and formula can I use to determine what N is if I know A, D and W?
Change of frame in a uniform magnetic field using relativity Let's say a charged particle is at rest in a uniform magnetic field. Now if we change our frame of reference the particle appears moving. Now according to classical physics the particle should move in a circle in this frame ( this can't be true because we know that the particle must move in a straight line in this frame.) Thus we conclude that the electromagnetic field changes.Can you use relativity to find the field in the moving frame so that physics becomes self consistent.<br>Note: If a source is strictly necessary to find the change in the field consider the source as an infinitely long sheet carrying a uniform areal current along it's area. It should be easy to see using ampere's circutal law that the field is uniform and can be calculated easily.
Can you fake protons with light? I have been reading similar discussions on how protons and electrons interact, using virtual photons and such. Yet, I can find little information regarding the subject in question. Can a beam of photons posses the characteristics of that of a virtual photon in a proton-electron interaction where the electron \u201cthinks\u201d there is a proton when there is not?
Angular Momentum vs Moment of Inertia Pretty sure that this question has already been answered in this site, but I cannot find it. Anyway, here's the question: What is the difference between angular momentum and moment of inertia?
Can we divide a vector by another vector? How about this: $a = vdv/dx?$ My physics teacher told us that we can\u2019t divide vectors, that vector division has no physical meaning or significance. How about this: $$a = vdv/dx.$$ It says acceleration vector equals velocity (as a function of $x$) times $dv$ \u2018divided\u2019 by $dx$. Here both $dv$ and $dx$ are vectors. How do I make sense of it? Because vector division doesn\u2019t exist in physics right?
How to differentiate permanent age difference in the twin paradox from reciprocal time dilation? I'm hereby editing my previous question about the cause of permanent age difference in the twin paradox example as a result of the links I've been given as answers to my original question. I am trying to interpret the rules here correctly and don't know whether to leave my original question at the end.In the 1st link, What is time dilation really? (I don't know how to HTML), there are figures 1 and 2 that represent time dilation yet they have a turnaround point and two spacetime paths that start and end co-located. Wouldn't that mean they are examples of permanent age difference and not time dilation? The difference between the two being that permanent age difference at the end co-location is the same from all perspectives and time dilation is different from different perspectives and only applies to inertial frame constant relative velocity.Also, wouldn't the turnaround point in figure 1 also apply to the same person in figure 2 making figure 2 an incorrect representation of a switching of perspective? The vertical straight-line person in figure 1 should also be depicted as a diagonal straight line in figure 2.  Maybe the examples are oversimplified because they seem to contradict the 3rd link in the series. The comments I've been getting also seem to reflect the confusion between permanent age difference, which is not a rate of time, and time dilation which is. I'm slowly making my way through the links provided and there are other questions like this that I have. Do I just keep adding them here?ORIGINAL QUESTION (edited to reflect previous answers):The best answer so far is the two parties must co-locate at the start and end of a journey at a relative velocity where one makes a change in that relative velocity to re-unite. If they do not re-unite there can be no universal agreement from all perspectives on the parties' permanent age difference while they are separated. The problems I have with this answer are:There is nothing stopping any of the perspectives to use relativity to calculate what the parties' age difference will be once they re-unite. (I'm working on understanding the answer given to this statement.) So at what point in the spacetime path can this call be made? One guy's expert opinion was the turnaround point invokes non-inertial acceleration or a gravity equivalent in GR and so the actual source of the age difference happens at the turnaround and you use GR formulae to come to the answer. (The answer given was explained in the difference between the Rindler and Minkowski metrics at the turnaround) They still need to re-unite anyway to turn the calculations into one common reality from all perspectives. The problems I have with this answer are:a) A clock info handoff scenario has no acceleration involved but there is age difference at the end when the info gets back to the source. (Explained in link 3.)b) If one of the parties relatively stops at a distance and doesn't re-unite, the result due to acceleration can never be validated by a re-unification of the two parties. There is no valid closure to the spacetime path despite there being an answer from the acceleration at the turnaround point and imposing a mathematical limit as v-> 0 to get an answer. The relative stop scenario also aligns the same lines of simultaneity between the two parties so at least there is no perspective conflict between the two and yet a conclusive answer is forbidden. (Not answered)c) The GPS example involves using GR to calculate how gravity slows the earth clocks relative to the near non-gravity and free fall no force of acceleration on the satellites in orbit, and SR to calculate the age difference due to relative velocity with turnaround per orbit. Each orbit is a valid spacetime path with valid start and stop, a relative velocity and a turnaround. The problem is there is no force of acceleration or gravity at the turnaround and yet age difference still results. (Answered in link 3 but I intuitively feel there is something more behind the specifics of this example as no actual physical explanation of how a turnaround is handled where no force is felt on a single clock to signal a frame jump.)d) If GR non-inertial acceleration is not the cause of age difference in SR, then what connection does SR have with GR? (Answered in link 3) Time dilation due to relative velocity is not equivalent to age difference caused by gravity. Length contraction in SR is not related to space contraction due to gravity in GR. I thought this GR explanation for age difference was a good connection between related theories but now I see none. (I see a connection now)Abandoning GR's non-inertial acceleration as the cause of age difference, if one party relatively stops but drifts slowly back to re-unification, a universal call can be made on the final age difference. But if it's a perfect stop or the parties drift away from each other, no universal call can be made due to a violation of spacetime path rules. This means that if instead of a stop or turnaround, the change in relative velocity of a slow down or a speed up away from each other cannot result in age difference due to the fact they can't re-unite. The math can determine an universal answer from all perspectives in the same way a universal answer can be calculated for a stop but relativity also voids it due to spacetime path rules. Yet a testable answer does result from a slow down or speed up (instead of a turnaround). (Not answered)(No longer relevant) If non-inertial acceleration is not the cause of age difference, I have seen too many other explanations of what is. The most popular one is you just count up the reciprocal time dilation for both legs of the journey and that gives you your age difference result at the end. The 2nd most popular is the swing of the line of simultaneity shows the one not causing the swing ageing while the other doesn't. Another is the one who changes the relative velocity becomes the preferred frame and establishes he was the one moving all along so his reciprocal time dilation becomes real. Another is age is what clocks measure but there is also an equivalent time value for the distance separation between the two that doesn't register on the clock. The distance becomes a hidden storage device for the time difference between the two. None are correct right?Is there an answer from relativity addressing these apparent contradictions when trying to determine age difference? (Answered mostly)P.S. I have found it impossible on other forums to convince people reciprocal time dilation, the doppler shift ratio and age difference are not all the same thing. So, please, no answers that confuse age difference with the other two. (Still true)
Could we interpret search for the Pitch as a process similar to the collapse of the wave function? According to Wikipedia: In quantum mechanics, wave function collapse is said to occur when a wave function\u2014initially in a superposition of several eigenstates\u2014appears to reduce to a single eigenstate due to interaction with the external world; this is called an 'observation'. There are many different interpretations of wave function collapse and there is no agreement, which one is correct? In nature, the sound waves which are phonons, produced by various instruments comprise of multiple harmonics, which closely resemble a harmonic series. In terms of a frequency, the harmonic series is an arithmetic series. The difference between consecutive harmonics is constant and equal to the fundamental frequency.  When the auditory system is processing this sound wave it's analysing its harmonics and its periodicity. The end result of this complicated analysis is the determination of the  \"pitch\"  which is equal to the fundamental, defined as the lowest frequency of the periodic waveform. From pitch, the brain is able to estimate the length of the object producing this sound, important factor from the evolutionary perspective. Pitch being a single value frequency still represents a  superposition of the harmonics. Could we in the language of Quantum Mechanics interpret search for the Pitch as a process similar to the collapse of the wave function?
Why High Voltage Power Lines need more Insulation than a low one? \"A 400 kV cable requires less insulation than a 240V cable.\"This was regarded as False in one of my question papers, but why? Doesn't a higher voltage means, lower current(P=V. I) and a lower voltage means higher current which brings us to P=I2.R | Therefore the higher the current, the more power is lost as heat, and shouldn't this mean the 240V cable needs to be insulated more? 
Turning on headlights near light speed If i turn headlights on in a car at v = 0.99*c, will the headlight speed be 0.01*c? I know speed of light is always the same but it really confuses me? My question is, does space contract so much at that speed that even light at just the speed of 0.01*c will appear to be 299792 km/s? It seems to me space contraction and time dilation make the slow light appear to be normal light at normal light speed. Can someone explain to me please?
Can spontaneous fluctuations cause instantaneous non-equilibrium? The fluctuation-dissipation theorem says that the linear response of a given system to an external perturbation is expressed as the fluctuation properties of the system in thermal equilibrium.Does this mean that the spontaneous fluctuations cause instantaneous non-equilibrium, and the long-time average is the equilibrium?
Horizon Problem: How did different regions of space acquire different temperatures? I'm trying to understand the Horizon Problem.  Inflation describes how non-causally connected parts of the universe (that we see today) could once have been in causal contact.  The reasoning goes that those regions must have been in causal contact to achieve the uniform temperature that we observe and, thus, we need Inflation to explain the uniform temperature of the sky.If the universe started out with the same energy and volume everywhere, and the volume at every point in space grew at exactly the same rate, then how could one part of space be a different temperature than another?
Can we define rms current for pure inductive and capacitive ac circuit? For a purely inductive and capacitive ac(sinusoidally varying) circuit, average power dissipated across a capacitor or an inductor is zero. Then does that mean RMS current is zero? 
Why is the net flux in a cube surface area zero when the source charge is located outside? Can some one please explain why a charge located outside a box shaped surface area produces zero net flux? I know this question has been asked many times, but I can't seem to find one that answers my problem with it.I cannot seem to make sense of this because if the electric field decreases in magnitude with increasing distance from the source, won't the electric field lines leaving the surface have less magnitude than the ones entering it since it is farther from the source due to the surface area having a certain width, which leads to a greater flux inwards than outwards? Thanks\ufeff in advance.
Antiparticles, CPT and leptogenesis When people are being careful they'll tell you that antiparticles are the CPT conjugates of particles. You can't say that they are C conjugates or CP because these, while they do reverse the charge, are not symmetries of the Hamiltonian and so are not physical (anti)particles.However, in leptogenesis, one explicitly calculates the CP asymmetry as a measure of the matter-antimatter asymmetry. Since CP violation is part of the theory, then the CP conjugates of physical particles are not physical antiparticles. This means that the resulting asymmetry is not literally the baryon asymmetry of the universe.Why is this legitimate? Perhaps it's because CP violation is very slight and appears in the decays which destroy the leptons we are counting. Therefore if we imagine them to have long enough lifetimes to be countable real particles, then they are also essentially CP eigenstates?
Charge decay (leakage) of a charged metallic sphere I have a spherical ball (charged to a specific charge) and the charge on the ball leaks to the surrounding. I observe that the charge on the ball reduces exponentially. Can anyone give a theoretical model (a simple one) explaining the phenomenon?
What does the \"lowest order adiabatic approximation\" mean? I came across a concept \"lowest order adiabatic approximation\" in solid-state physics. I searched and found dozens of \"lowest order adiabatic approximation\". I think the \"lowest order adiabatic approximation\" is just the common \"adiabatic approximation\i.e., the motion of the lattice does not induce transitions of electronic states. Beyond this \"lowest order\the motion of the lattice would lead to transitions of electronic states. Am I right?
Phase change into Bose-Einstein Condensate I am a high school chemistry/physics teacher and I was just wondering what the phase change into/out of a Bose-Einstein Condensate is called?  Thanks!
Pressure in a sealed cylinder half-filled with liquid nitrogen, allowed to rise to room temperature? If a cylinder could withstand any pressure how high would the pressure rise if the vessel was filled half full of liquid nitrogen then sealed and then allowed to warm to room temperature? What if allowed to warm to 200 degrees F. Also, what state would the nitrogen be in during this period, liquid/vapor, vapor only, other?
What if electrons were used in gold foil experiment? I was studying Rutherford's gold foil experiment from my high school textbook. It states that ' by performing experiments in which fast electrons instead of alpha particles are projectiles that bombard target made up of various elements the sizes of nuclei of various elements have been accurately measured.' I  am totally confused with this statement. I know that original experiment used the fact that distance of closest approach for the alpha particles was used to infer the size of nucleus. But how electrons can lead to more accurate results? What I would think and what I have found from other sources is something like this.... If electrons were used then they due to their size and charge they would have got easily affected by the electrons of the atom that come in their way. In fact due to the fact that alpha particles are positively charged and have significant mass they could overcome the interactions with the electrons. Then what the author intends to say. Or what is wrong with my thought process? Someone please explain.
Canonical Quantisation vs the Dirac Field, why does it even work? Using the \"Dirac Prescription\we can preserve the format of a differential equation in its QM form. If we define the canonical variables s.t. they have the same commutation relations times $i$ as the Poisson brackets, Heisenberg and Hamiltons equations will have the same form. This gives us a very simple way to quantise a boson field: Just set the commutation relations in the right way, and Heisberg's equation will just be the wave equation. From this point everything will follow: Heisenberg equation will be Lorentz invariant if the Lagrangian is, the Noether current is conserved in the QM version of the theory. Birds will sing.my question is: What about the Dirac field?Since we are defining the anti-commutator instead of the commutator, the same logic do not apply. Anti-commutator cannot (as far as I can tell) act as a derivative on a formal series like the commutator.  So why are we justified in quantising the Dirac Field like that? (If you can, I would appreciate justifications that don't have anything to do with Feynman integrals)
Hubble - Cosmological vs Doppler Red Shift When we learnt about the Hubble Constant at school we were taught that Hubble had observed Red Shift due to the Doppler Effect, and thus the universe (and space time itself?) must be expanding.However, the Cosmic Microwave background (CMB) exhibits the same behaviour, but is explained through Cosmological Red Shift where the space itself is actually expanding. Was Hubble observing Cosmological Red Shift (the same principle for the CMB)? If he perceived this Red Shift as the Doppler Effect then surely he didn't conclude that space itself was expanding?
Accelerating charge in different frames We know that accelerated charges radiate energy in form of electromagnetic radiations. Since acceleration is frame dependent, is the radiated energy also frame dependent? Is that why energy radiated is different in different frames?
New black Van in South Florida - To insulate or Not? Radiative Cooling effect? I'm not homeless, I'm just frugal and trying to drive a lot less.. maybe I'm adventurous. :) Anyways, I've been working , eating and sleeping out of my new Black van.  The van is brutally hot during the day even in the so called South Florida winter. It's okay though, cause I drive w the windows open and I don't really spend much time in the van during the day if not driving and when I do it's parked at the beach under a tree (NICE).  Anyways, I'm not sure if it's just me or what, but at night the bare black metal that had cooked during the day van, is much colder than my prior highly insulated SUV. Like right now (10pm) it's 73 degrees out side but inside the van the bare metal feels cold.. I'm not complaining at all - I don't mind it.  A few nights ago it was just flat out freezing in the van at midnight and just 6 hours earlier you could fry an egg on the roof. I am wondering, will insulation make my van hotter at night in the summer? I'm not worried about cold as the van will never travel north of Florida in the winter.Is it my imagination that maybe the van getting super hot during the day and maybe something like Radiative cooling might be making my van cooler at night than if it had not gotten so hot? 
Can quantum randomness be somehow explained by classical uncertainty? In quantum mechanics, the outcome of each measurement is random, distributed according to the squared amplitude of the wave function obtained from the Schrodinger's equation. Now, can someone suggest that QM measurement outcomes are just produced by a deterministic, real, local process (or field) in the 3-D space, varying because of uncontrollable phenomena like noise? (An example of such a  classical field can be a real 3-D coherently rotating vector field accounting for the Schr\u00f6dinger equation and electron spin in a consistent manner, which carries distributed angular momentum and energy in the same way as a circularly polarized electromagnetic wave).  Setting aside Bell's theorem which forbids such an explanation and any other local realistic theory, will such a classic explanation ever be able to reproduce the probabilities obtained from QM? I have seen that deterministic QM interpretations like Bohmian mechanics introduce concepts like infinite dimensional configuration space. Why is this necessary for reproducing QM?
Can an object have constant speed and tangential acceleration without undergoing circular motion? Is it possible for an object to be moving with constant speed and a constant magnitude of acceleration tangent to this velocity but NOT move in a circular path? If there are other situations could I please have an example?  
Which fundamental force underlies inertia? We learn about the four fundamental forces (gravity, electromagnetism, strong, weak). I am curious about how these four forces mediate/cause/drive everyday phenomena. In particular, it has never been clear how inertia arises as a result or is caused by these forces.So taking a car accelerating while driving up a hill. The fundamental forces will act in numerous ways to require energy expenditure: (1) The car moves uphill against earth's gravitational field (2) Electrostatic interactions cause friction with road surface(3) Air are jostled/displaced (electromagnetic repulsion between molecules of car and air)But the increasing inertia of the car is mysterious. If the four forces underlie all action/reaction, which one of them is responsible for requiring the energy to accelerate the car and increase its KE? Among household names, it seems that Einstein (and perhaps Feynman) supposed that inertia was related to gravity in a \"Mach\"-ian manner. My reading comes up blank when I try to find a consensus view. It seems inertia is taken for granted as a fundamental aspect of reality but is not explained/explainable in terms of the four fundamental forces. Thoughts?
In which region of diode breakdown starts? i confused about in which region of a diode breakdown start, in some books it is given that breakdown starts in depletion region but in some other is said that it start in p-side or n-side of diode (not mentioned as depletion region).
Is there any Classical Mechanics system which needs to be described by a spinor? We need an ordinary number (scalar) to describe a harmonic oscillator, and a vector to describe, for example, a pendulum.Is there any similarly simple system which we need to describe using a (two-component Weyl) spinor?
Can sound with lower frecuency without overtones produce standing wave of higher frequency? I read that resonance appears if frequencies are equal. What if vocal cord produce only pure tone without harmonics, will voice still have overtones? Or will sound of guitar with only one string which produce only pure tone without harmonics still have  overtones?Added question:  Can sound(without overtones)  of frequency for example 220 Hz produce standing waves in cavity with natural frequency 440 HzFor example Helmholtz resonator reacts only on its own frequency of sound, but is there shape of cavity which react to lower frequency?One  more example pendulum with natural frequency 8 Hz can react to frequency 2 Hz or 4 Hz.
Why do neutron stars with more mass have smaller volume? I know about Heisenberg uncertainty which makes more localized neutrons have a wider range of undefined momentum, and Pauli exclusion principle which prohibit neutrons from getting too close or \"occupying the same quantum state\" so as to say. But they only explain how neutron stars don't increase in volume while increasing in mass, yet it doesn't (at least from my understanding) explain how it gets smaller. I understand this degeneracy pressure only accounts for part of the opposing forces inside the neutron stars, with the others being a variety of stuff including strong force repulsion. I also know there are equations for calculating this, but I want to know if there's a more intuitive way of understanding how this phenomenon is created by these rules and forces or if there is a good explanation as to how the equations was formed and what they meant
Merging black holes -- how fast do they hit? Orbital mechanics says something falling from infinity hits at the escape velocity of the object it strikes.The escape velocity at the event horizon is lightspeed, it must be higher for the singularity inside.Thus we have a superluminal impact velocity.  Huh?  Does special relativity manage to avoid this situation?
Change of entropy in irreversible process When calculating entropy change for a irreversible process,do I assume a reversible path and then integrated it?
Would equipment that is wrongly used by a person be considered as a systematic error? Would equipment that is wrongly used by a person be considered as a systematic error or a random or both? I would say a systematic error because a person could don't know how to use a ruler and starts his measurement at points that are not zero. And as a result, he will get wrong consistent data. But i am not sure so please help. Thank you. 
does heat capacity ratio, i.e cp/cv depends on pressure if ideal gas assumption is considered? cp/cv does change with a change in temperature. But does it changes with pressure too if the temperature is kept constant?
Bicycle Fuel equivalent on l/100km Is there a way I can calculate the equivalent how much a Human powered bicycle consumes in  the equivalent l/100 Km of Diesel fuel? And also can I calculate the same for Gasoline fuel? And for Liquid Petroleum Gas?
How do I connect a four way key in a potentiometer? How do I connect (which wire to which terminal) a four way key to a Potentiometer to compare the EMF of two cells.Circuit diagram and a four wayway key is shown in the pictures.
How can be various frequencies in one place? How can we receive different radio shows in one place, they are coded in phase or frequency or amplitude of electromagnetic waves, but shouldnt elecreomagnetic waves interact each other, and all electric and magnetic vectors superpose, and in one point or space just have one electromagnetic wave with addition of several EMWs? 
Why aren't particles constantly \"measured\" by the whole universe? Let's say we are doing the double slit experiment with electrons. We get an interference pattern, and if we put detectors at slits, then we get two piles pattern because we measure electrons' positions when going through slits. But an electron interacts with other particles in a lot of different ways, e.g. electric field, gravity. Seems like the whole universe is receiving information about the electron's position. Why is it not the case and the electron goes through slits \"unmeasured\"?Bonus question: in real experiments do we face the problem of not \"shielding\" particles from \"measurement\" good enough and thus getting a mix of both patterns on the screen?
Harnessing molecule vibration energy Disclaimer: I am learning physics for fun, please dont kill me but explain where I am wrong.As I understand all molecules have a lowest energy state in which they posses some amount of momentum even in complete vaccum. Can we transfer this minimum momentum into useful energy source?I know that if molecules have energy high enough for chemical reaction to occur then we can harvest that molecules energy with ease.Edit: I imagine vibrating molecule of helium at 0K hitting some part that moves or maybe generates pressure you know some kind of momentum.I mean it has some momentum so it can give it to something else right?I am not sure what tags to add Edit: answered i think but here is a very interesting conversation i found on the topic:www.researchgate.net/post/Is_extraction_of_Zero_point_energy_a_real_phenomenonMaybe big bang is a violation of 2nd law
Why do atoms emit a certain colour of light? (The emission spectra) We were taught about the emission spectra in class last year, but my teachers couldn't give me an answer to 'what determines the colour of light emitted?'. (they were giving me the answers to the worksheet, but not my question if this makes sense).This annoyed me. So now I am here.From what I have read so far, (and this is only my guess) when the electron jumps to the next energy level in a Hydrogen atom, it emits red light. (I am just gonna explain why I think this happens. Feel free to criticise it however you like.) Because Hydrogen is a small atom, the electron doesn't need a lot of energy to jump to the next level. So because red light is the least energetic visible light, it is emitted. So then would (let's just say) fluorine emit a higher energy wavelength because it is more 'effort' for the electron to jump? I just looked at the wavelength for certain elements. And apparently, potassium emits a pink/purple colour. But copper emits a light green. So obviously, my guess is incorrect, as copper is more massive than potassium. I would really appreciate it if someone could answer this. And if you could, may you try and explain it a simple as possible? I sorta only got into Quantum Mechanics early last year, so I'm not familiar with all of the terms. But I am happy to put in extra research if you need to use other theories to explain this thoroughly. Thank you so much for answering this question, guys! Even though I still have a long way to go, I now know what direction to head in to get a further understanding.
How can I avoid electrostatic discharge? I recently started an internship in an office with a rugged floor everywhere. After a few days, I started receiving electrostatic discharge all the time after I walked a little bit around the floor (probably due to the rug). Everytime I walk around, and then come back to my computer, I get shocked when I touch it. Things I tried: Using different shoes to prevent the electrostatic buildupChange my power adapter, so it would be better grounded (don't know if it actually makes sense, but I tried anyway)Changing various devices at my desk (monitor, smartphone charger, etc.)Things I cannot do (I'm not alone in this office)Removing the rug (obviously)Wear an electrostatic wrist strap (unless they exist without having to be clamped somewhere)Setting the humidity level in the officeIs there any trick I could use to avoid getting shocked after I walked on the rug? 
Combining light of the same linear polarisation Is there a way to combine two (coherent) beams that have the same polarisation and wavelength in a lossless manner such that the resultant beam has the same polarisation as the starting beams?I'm aware that it is possible to combine two orthogonally polarised beams using a reverse polarising beam splitter, but the resultant beam will have a different polarisation than both the incident beams which is undesirable. I also know that x:1-x beam splitters exist, but they would remove a large amount of the light coming in which is also undesirable.
How does resistance convert voltage to current? This is a statement that I read mainly on books about electronics. Could someone explain why after the resistance current is what makes things work and not voltage?Example from the Art of Electronics of Horowitz/Winfield:\" <blockquote>  Roughly speaking resistors are used to convert a voltage to a current  and vice versa.This may sound awfully trite</blockquote>Also it is a common practice when someone is working with solenoid proportional valves: A resistance is added before the solenoid so that it shall be controlled by current and not voltage because voltage will drop in case that temperature will rise.\"
Do free particles slow down in expanding universe? My favorite toy model of cosmic microwave background in the expanding universe is a cube with totally reflective walls. If CMB is a black-body radiation, it must be isotropic and homogeneous - the same number of photons go through a side of the cube, so it can be reflective and the effect is the same. This model (remnant of my Olbers paradox period) seem to work also if the cube is expanding - it gives redshifted that is colder CMB.Recently I imagined free (non-relativistic) particles instead of photons in the cube. This again requests that the universe is homogeneous and motion of particles is isotropic. But now I have a problem - if the walls of the cube are moving (the cube or the universe is expandind), this model suggests that the particles slowly come to rest (they reflect from receding walls). 
Now when we can measure gravitational field, how does the principle of equivalence hold true? LIGO measured gravitational field waves.The whole thought experiment of Einstein, leading to \u2018principle of equivalence\u2019, assumes that there is no way to know inside the rocket that whether its accelerating or things are acting under gravitational field.Now, how does this still hold true?
Quantum logic gates (2-inputs 1-output) Is there a quantum logic gate (or any sequence of QLGs) that takes as input two Qubits and outputs one Qubit? If yes, could you please write it down in the simple example?If no, could you explain why?PS: Sorry for stupid question 
Microwaves in other media I saw a video on how microwaving grapes make plasma. He said that the refractive index of microwave is about 10 inside the grape. Now, we don't know the wavelength of the microwaves in the grape or the velocity. We only know that it has a wavelength of about 12cm and frequency of about 2.45Ghz. Then how do we get the refractive index of microwaves in grapes as 10? 
Gravitation inside spherical hole in universe I was doing a little thought experiment and ran into a paradox. How to compute the gravitational field inside a spherical hole in a universe that is otherwise filled with uniformly distributed mass?If we start with just a spherical shell of mass in an otherwise empty universe, then it is well-known that inside the shell, there is zero gravitation, independent of the thickness of the shell. If we then subsequently keep the inside of the shell the same size, but make the shell thicker and thicker, we should be able to make it fill the whole universe (assuming it is a spherically curved universe). By that reasoning, there should not be any gravitation inside a spherical hole inside a universe of equally distributed mass. So a small test mass near the border of the hole should not feel any gravitational force. Now we subsequently fill the hole with a sphere of mass. The small test mass near the border of the hole should feel gravitation from this sphere of mass, that is just normal gravitation laws for spherical masses. If the test mass feels gravitation from the sphere, but not from the rest of the universe, then there should be a net gravitational force on it. But if the hole is filled with a spherical mass of the same mass density as the rest of the universe, then effectively, there is no hole, and we just have a universe filled with uniformly distributed mass. In such a universe, the test mass should not feel any gravitation where ever it is placed.Where does my reasoning go wrong, and how can the gravitation inside a spherical hole be calculated?
Variable spectrum common visors/cameras I guess almost everyone knows about the really small area of electromagnetic spectrum that humans are able to see.Well, it is just not fair :-).Why there is still no multi spectral (means with variable spectrum) visors available on the market ?The idea is to get an predefined by device settings spectrum area (can be changed at any time by user) and map it to common RGB palette in order to visualize all the spectrum.Are there any unsolved technological problems or restrictions with that ?What areas of spectrum are still difficult/unavailable to observe ? As far as I understand this kind of device is quite simple and is just a simple modification of common cell phone camera (so it is cheap for mass production).No doubt, this kind of device will reveal a lot of great hidden info on EM interactions from the world that will be easy to observe in dynamics and will be quite useful for lots of people in all areas from science to applications. I guess it will be a revolution in technics/biology related areas or natural sciences (and also a good device to common use).  
free electron gas newtonian fluid? Is it appropriate to model a metal's free electrons of as a newtonian fluid?I've seen many approaches doing this but I'm wondering how to justify it.Any ideas?
How do we know how much charge is in an object? It's a little science history question but I really wonder how did peoples measured the amount of charge in an ball or something or like in coulombs case how did he measured the electrical force between two charged objects without knowing what is electrons? because in his formula we have to know the charges that two object has to be able to measure force between them. I am just getting start to learning electrical forces, power, electrical components etc and I did as best as I can until now by learning and now I am about to start AC but before starting to learn about AC I feel like there is some gaps in my knowledge and that sometimes bothers me understanding new things, One of the biggest gap is this electrons and their nature or what are they exactly I have average chemistry knowledge so I know what are they and what they do in form of chemical reactions but how do they act in the form of electricity that we know is a little complicated in first sight but becomes more clear when you learn things one by one you start to understand nature of it because it is always the same thing happening in different forms and it is mostly predictable if not all, So after this novel and with my question at the top I would like to hear how do we know the amount of electrons that we use in our cables and machines so that we are using these electrons to measure many things about them and using many formulas that gives us all those ampheres, volts, coulombs etc.
Help understanding a spring-mass system where mass is not attached This is the scenario: We have a spring resting on a surface with no mass on it. Let the $y$ position of the top of the spring be $l_0$. When we put an object with some mass on top of the spring, the spring compresses for some length $l_{1,0}$ so the top of the spring is at position $l_1=l_0-l_{1,0}$. The spring now has some potential energy. If we now compress a spring even more with some external force it will compress even more now to length $l_{2,0}$ thus making the y position of top of the spring $l_2=l_1-l_{2,0}$. If we now remove the external force, the spring will oscillate between $l_0$ and $l_2$ but at the end it will settle at position $l_1$ if no external force is acting on it. Now suppose we apply some external force on the spring so that when we remove the force the object gets shot in the air above the position $l_0$. What confuses me is this: when we exerted some external force on a spring so that object oscillates between $l_0$ and $l_2$, the potential energy of the spring between $l_0$ and $l_1$ is preserved, but when we apply external force large enough to eject the object into the air, that potential energy is converted into kinetic energy. I can't wrap my head around this. I would appreciate if you can describe this scenario your way, maybe I will have better understanding of this system.
Do any of the creatures Xenophilius believes in actually exist? The books give an impression that Xenophilius Lovegood is a weirdo with crazy beliefs and ideas (he has an ornamental horn in his house he absolutely believes belongs to a Crumple-Horned Snorkack, which in reality turned out to be an Erumpent horn(or may be he was referring to an erumpent but just with a different name? )) but he believed in the Deathly Hallows and they turned out to be real.Did any other creatures (including plants, fruits, vegetables, bacteria, fungi, virus or any other magical and non magical things that can be considered \"living\") that Xenophilius or Luna believe to exist, actually exist in Harry Potter? For example:<blockquote>  Moon Frogs<br>  Blibbering Humdingers<br>  Crumple-Horned Snorkacks<br>  Heliopaths<br>  Umgubular Slashkilters<br>  Nargles<br>  Aquavirius Maggots<br>  Wrackspurts<br>  Gulping Plimpies<br>  Dabberblimps</blockquote>
How was the Resistance exposed? At the start of The Last Jedi the Resistance is in full retreat. From the opening crawl:<blockquote>  The FIRST ORDER reigns. Having decimated the peaceful Republic, Supreme Leader Snoke now deploys his merciless legions to seize military control of the galaxy.    Only General Leia Organa\u2019s band of RESISTANCE fighters stand against the rising tyranny, certain that Jedi Master Luke Skywalker will return and restore a spark of hope to the fight.    But the Resistance has been exposed. As the First Order speeds toward the rebel base, the brave heroes mount a desperate escape....\"</blockquote>How was the Resistance exposed exactly? What caused them to evacuate?
What is the U.S.S. Defiant's backstory on Discovery? There are frequent mentions in the second half of the first season of Star Trek: Discovery of the U.S.S. Defiant<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   which apparently was the first ship to cross from the Prime Universe to the Mirror Universe in this timeline.</blockquote>Am I supposed to know about this already?   What is the supposed backstory and in which episodes were these events depicted or described?
What are the in-universe reasons for the kaiju to be pregnant? In Pacific Rim , one of the kaijus that was beaten by Gipsy Danger was pregnant and have a baby kaiju.                             So if these are cloned, whats the purpose of pregnancy?
Does anybody remember the Star Wars Marvel comics between Star Wars and Empire Strikes Back? As far as I remember, it went on for 5-6 issues and was mostly taking place on a Waterworld-type all-water planet.  Blasters, skimmers, wooden ships.The funny, and somewhat creepy in hindsight bit, is that Luke and Leia were a couple.  Not entirely unexpected, there had been a bit of romantic vibes in the air between those 2 in the first movie.  Which Empire, of course, quickly switched over to Leia and Han.How did that romance see the light of day, considering their later-to-be-revealed sibling relationship?  Seems like not exercising enough control on your spinoff agreements and plot arcs.
Short story about giant alien insect building a man-suit Astronauts discover 'God' on the far side of the moon. There's a giant highway with trucks running on it constantly, but no one is allowed onto it. Someone sneaks onto a truck and finds out that there's a giant alien insect of some kind, and the trucks are carrying parts for a giant 'man-suit' or something.I have no other details I can provide. Hunting for this story for more than a decade now. Any suggestions appreciated.
What did Snoke mean when he said that Kylo Ren was \"unbalanced\"? During the speech when he's chastising and demoralizing Kylo, Snoke says that he is immature. I'm not sure of the exact wording, but he definitely uses the term \"unbalanced\" to describe Kylo. He says that he was hoping for a new Vader, but that Kylo is weak and unbalanced.Snoke could mean one of two things here. Does he mean that Kylo is unbalanced, as in crazy, deranged, and irrational? Or does he mean that Kylo is unbalanced in the Force, somehow having an inner discord between the Light and the Dark?
60's or 70's monster movie whose victims are caught and wrapped in a cape or coat Just like the title says. I went to the movie with my sister when we were less than ten years old... It was a double matinee with The Green Slime playing as well. All I can remember is this person whose face was obscured and had a long dark coat or cape on. He would slowly come up behind the victims and wrap them in it... It was really creepy. Any help would be great. 
Book - ice world, ppl skate around, 'cutters', boy with black hair and red Ok read this a long time ago and have forgotten the title/ author. Set in an ice world, people skate around, there are tribes of outcasts called 'cutters' who can transform people's appearance. The main character has black hair, but with red hairs that come through as he gets older. His father was an unknown evil king or something with the same hair, his Mum would pluck the boys red hairs out so he wouldn't guess who his real father was. Thanks all!
What happened to the K-Tron in the command center? Towards the end of Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets we see Commander Ar\u00fcn Filitt's K-Tron robots split into two groups.  One group is with the soldiers deep down in the space station, while the other group is standing just outside the command center.<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   At the crucial moment, based on orders from Commander Filitt, both groups of K-Tron start shooting up the humans.  At both locations the soldiers seem incapable of defending themselves from the K-Tron.<br><br>  It is only deep in the station at the Pearl's lair that the K-Tron are destroyed - by Val\u00e9rian.  Only his pistol has the fire power to destroy the K-Tron (which raises other questions - how come Val\u00e9rian's pistol conveniently packs such a punch, and how come he shoots so well?)<br><br>But there doesn't seem to be an equivalent of Val\u00e9rian at the command center, yet at some point in time the shooting by K-Tron stops.</blockquote>So what happed to the group of K-Tron at the command center?
How come the Asari are natural biotics? Millions of years ago, the Reapers built the Mass Effect Relays and left them behind for future civilizations to use and study. The hope was to force those civilizations down a technological path which, while far more advanced than what came before, was ultimately inferior to the tech used by the reapers themselves.Thousands of years ago a species called the Asari rose to sentience. Due to the high concentration of Element Zero on their home planet, every Asari is born with the natural ability to create and manipulate Mass Effect fields -- they had this ability before discovering their Mass Effect Relays.Why did the same technology develop separately in these two places? Is there an in-universe explanation beyond \"It was a big ol' coincidence\"? Is there an out-of-universe explanation? I can't think of a story reason for the Asari's to have a natural ability that depends on the same phenomenon as Reaper tech. Did there used to be a reason that was later overwritten as parts of the lore were changed between games?
Goosebumps book where kid thinks his parents have been replaced by aliens I read this goosebumps book around 10 years ago.The plot of the story as I recall it is this:<br>The protagonist - a kid around 10 years old - realises one fine day that his parents are behaving differently from their usual selves and begins to suspect that they have been replaced by shape shifting aliens.At the end, it is revealed that <blockquote class=\"spoiler\">  the kid is actually a robot who has turned defective. The parents call the company that manufactures these robots and place a request to repair their \"son\".</blockquote>
Can the creator of a fictional universe get their own lore wrong? I'm uncertain if this has been asked before, or if I'm asking it on the correct exchange. If it's misplaced I apologize.My friend (who is a self-proclaimed Warcraft lore buff) and I were watching a trailer for a World of Warcraft expansion (I believe it to be Warlords of Draenor) and at some point he mentioned that they (Blizzard) got an event wrong, as he watched the scene play out differently during his time with Warcraft 3.This got me thinking, is it possible for Blizzard to incorrectly portray an event that occurred in a Universe that they are the authors of, or would the latest portrayal of an event essentially \"overwrite\" their previous portrayal, since they're the creators of the event in the first place?
Lucifer (TV series) devilface in Season 3 Episode 7 In the TV series Lucifer, Season 3's big drama is that Lucifer looses his devil face, but his angel wings grow back even if he cuts them off. In Episode 7 the turning point of the plot comes when he actually shows his devil face to the man being interrogated, and he himself also clearly sees it in the mirror. Since then I've watched the later episodes up to 10 and the only mentions about his devil face are comments about him not having it, with no mention of it appearing on him. Does anybody know what the explanation for this is? It really bugs me.
Identify this fantasy series I read this series around 1994.  The protagonist was a boy who could summon elemental magic, or maybe it was just that he could summon elementals - I can't remember.  A companion of the boy, an old man, was some kind of wizard or magic user who had a phoenix as a familiar. Another of the boys companions obtained a sword that could absorb the souls of its enemies.  I think much of the series consists of the boy and his companions battling demons.  I think the boys elemental magic makes the demons weak when they are in its presence.At the climax of the series there is a battle between the old man (wizard) and a powerful demon made of diamond.  The boy is also here but is unable to summon his elemetal magic because the substance the floor is made of prevents it.  The old man is lying on the floor, almost dead, and scratches some symbols.  The old man cries out \"Uriel\" and the angel Uriel is summoned.  Uriel askes the demon why he has summoned him.  The demon says, \"I did not summon you, the old man did.\"  The demon happens to be Uriel's most hated enemy, and Uriel is happy to finally find him alone, without backup.  So Uriel and the demon battle and the demon is defeated.Can anyone remember the series this is from?
How much energy does the replicator consume? I have been seeing in various comments references to replicators in Star Trek, occasionally arguing against various scenarios from the standpoint of energy usage - with arguments along the lines of \"you might be able to replicate something that big, but the energy requirement would be astronomical.\" We probably don't have any solid math explaining how this is done - however, are there any specific mentions that touch on the in-universe cost of this process?
Why did the men have to go to Las Vegas in Stephen King's The Stand? In her death bed, Mother Abagail tells the Free Zone Committee that the only way to defeat Randall Flagg is for Stuart, Glen, Ralph and Larry to walk all the way to Las Vegas.  Once they (three of the four men) get there, they don't do anything much of consequence and<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">  Flagg himself ends up detonating the A-bomb and killing everyone in the west.</blockquote>So the question is, why exactly did the four men have to go there? What did they achieve?
Short-story about a post-apocalyptic future that is only revealed at the end I read a short story in a high-school literature book circa 2004 that revolved around a young protagonist (I think female) who had to make a journey down a river in what originally seemed to be a primitive civilization. As the story progresses, it is revealed that it is actually far in the future after the world has been destroyed.I really enjoyed the story, and would love to know more about it, especially the title, and or author.
Do starship captains typically recite mission-specific oaths, as at the end of Star Trek Into Darkness? At the end of Star Trek Into Darkness, Captian Kirk is speaking to a large group of people (perhaps a service for the recently-deceased Captain Pike?). He says the following:<blockquote>  When Christopher Pike  first gave me his ship, he had me recite the Captain's Oath, words I didn't appreciate at the time. Now I see them as a call  for us to remember who we once were, and who we must be again.    Those words?    Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Her five-year mission, to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone before.</blockquote>It seems absolutely absurd that the \"tv show intro\" would actually be used as any type of official \"oath\" for Starfleet captains.Was this \"captain's oath\" concept totally invented to make the end of the movie more appealing to fans of the original series?If not, and it's an actual oath:Were the parts about the \"USS Enterprise\" and the \"five-year mission\" some kind of fill-in-the-blank parts of the oath? They obviously wouldn't apply to other ships with different missions.Or was this some kind of Enterprise-specific oath? Perhaps something that Pike had recited for his predecessor when he took command of the Enterprise?
What was that movie? (Creepy children edition) I saw a movie on television as a kid and have wondered for years what it was.  I haven't been able to find any clues online.  What I remember about the plot is that it begins with two men in the last railcar of a train that becomes separated from the rest of the train and rolls away down the tracks out of control until it comes to rest in a small town.  They discover all the children have some odd mutation(?) so that they have (from what I remember) dark rings under their eyes and elongated heads.  They somewhat remind me of the children in Village of the Damned -- but it definitely was not that movie.  The children are also very intelligent and mature -- adult-like -- and may possess some sinister supernatural powers (again, like in Village of the Damned), but I can't remember the specifics.  There's also woman in this town that the men meet who's trying to help these children, to liberate them from whatever this condition is that's possessing them.  In the end, I remember there's something of a celebration when the children do become liberated.  I remember only a few other scenes, like where one of the mutant boys becomes threatening toward one of the men when he realized that the man has taken photographs of... whatever is going on in this town with the children.  If I had to guess, I think the movie was from the 60's (possibly late 50's or early 70's).  Also, I've wondered if it could have been an episode of a TV series, but I really think it was a movie.  Can anyone help?
Looking for name of a graphic novel I read a graphic novel once, and I have lost track of it. Google has been unhelpful.Here's some details I remember:It was published in a single volume, in full color, in that intermediate-length size between door stoppers like V for Vendetta and staple-bound Donald Duck. (Quite certain)It was published sometime in the latter half of the twentieth century. (Uncertain)It had a realistic art style. (Quite certain)It was tonally similar to e.g. the Nikopol trilogy. (Debatable)The main plot concerned a \u201cfake\u201d city with Dorsera (Sundew) plants as its motif. (Quite certain)The city was made up of cardboard facades akin to theatre flats, which could move on rails. (Quite certain) The main character was a cartographer. (Uncertain) He went from his home city across a desert, to the \u201cfake\u201d city. (Quite certain)He crossed the desert in a triple-decker airplane. (Uncertain)In the end he realized his folly, and stumbled back out into the desert towards his home town. (Quite certain)
Short story about humans landing on a planet met with human-like aliens I'm looking for the title/author of a short story in which humans are living on a ship on another planet and they let in a human-looking male alien. The alien is (possibly) red-headed and very good-looking. The men on the ship all get sick, go through some sort of metamorphosis, and end up looking like the alien. They can then live outside the ship. Then a female alien comes up to the ship and the women on the ship have to decide whether to let her on or not.
Book Title; Freedom Group plots to bombard earth Can anyone identify a book I read as a kid in 1958/9? Probably a Badger Book, but I can't swear to it.Richard Cartland is one of a number of criminals who volunteer to work in the Ferrinite mines on the Moon, in return for a year off the sentence for each month served. Unfortunately he may not live to benefit, as Ferrinite gives off lethal radiation. \"Fourteen days of it and you're a corpse. A nasty messy corpse with running sores and rotting insides.\" Cartland gets involved with the Freedom Group which seeks to overthrow the Earth Council. However, when he learns that their plans involve bombarding earth with atomic missiles, he turns against it and wins over enough of its members to defeat the plot. He is rewarded with a pardon and a place in the new spacefleet. The head of the Council tells him \"The stars are yours\". Couple of other recollections. There is a horrible scene in which the Group's leader is blinded because he was wearing contact lenses when they blasted off - though we are told elsewhere that the acceleration was only 5g, which imho makes this a bit unlikely. Also I'm pretty sure that the first chapter was entitled \"Ferrinite Is Death\" and the last one \"Death on Lunar\" (not a typo, it really was spelt with an r). Something else I've recalled. On the cover it had the words. \"He lost his honour - and found it in the black deeps of space\" or something extremely close to that. I think honour was spelt with a u, but again can't swear to it. Hope this helps.
Short story with government clerk in future dystopia who triggers a revolution I read this in the mid 70's.  It may not have been a new story at that time.In a future society run by a military dictatorship, the protagonist works as a lowly clerk in the giant complex the government uses to keep track of everyone.  He invents a revolutionary figure out of whole cloth by creating a file for him (I'm not sure but the nonexistent rebel leader may have had the first name \"Sam\") and gets the government to waste resources chasing him down.  Naturally, since he doesn't really exist, he can never be caught.I cannot remember if this was some kind of computer tracking system and the protagonist was planting computer records, or whether he was dealing with paper files.After a while the protagonist gets the idea to start planting evidence of secret association(s) with the fake rebel leader in the files of prominent figures in the government - who then turn on each other, eventually bringing the government down.
Aliens who look like devils I remember a story that deals with humans on Earth having some sort of long-term, long-distance interaction (perhaps war/conflict, but I think they were benevolent in some way; but I can't remember) with aliens, but over the course of those years or decades, no human ever saw one of the aliens. I remember the end being sort of a twist ending:The story ends with the aliens landing on Earth and when the first one disembarks from their ship, we see they look a whole lot like the traditional image of a red devil with horns and a tail. They stayed hidden for so long because they were aware of the iconic devil image and didn't want us to associate them with the devil.I don't know if this was a short story or novel. It may have been part of a collection of books a friend loaned me during the early to mid 1990's to broaden my SF/F perspectives; he included a lot of military fiction and some fantasy, both of which I hadn't read much. I've tried searching online using key terms but I have been unable to identify the story.
Anime series with the underdogs in school being selected to use a new type of mecha I'm looking for a anime series.There are four students, and they are the underdog group in their school. They get selected to fight in a new type of mecha robot. They are taken from place to place in their ship and each mecha has its own mechanic team. There is usually a big deal made when they all deploy showing the launch into battle.one mecha is black - piloted by the male main characterone purple - piloted by a girl; I think she was a support roleone gold - the pilot for the gold is a huge gun nerd and his mecha is a ranged weapon typeone I can't remember well but is piloted by a girlThere is an alien spy that knows the main character, and who supplied them with the technology to build the new type mechas to fight in the war.
Story ID - Man forced to hunt to pay off debts Searching for a novel that I remember reading in college, but probably published a few years earlier (So the late 80's/early 90's timeframe). Details that I remember:Protagonist was enslaved to pay off debts or sent to prison planetEventually employed by family monopolyFamily plotted against each other for control/influenceJob was to hunt a dangerous animal on a specific planetEssentials had to be bought from family (increasing debt)IIRC the cover was either red or yellow, and had a picture of the protagonist in hunting gear.
A story about a demon who has to steal a jewel to free his sister I read it originally with kindle (amazon book). It is a book about two main characters, one female and the other a male - I believe it is a young adult book, Sci-Fi, paranormal, romance and magic.So on with the details:The male, I am fairly certain, is some kind of demon who has \"pet\" like dragon and was paired with him at birth I think more like a familiar/pet. So he has to steal a jewel to free his sister. There is like a demon realm and the human realm and in the human realm there are \"safe heavens\". They are managed by Sorcerers? I think and the jewel he has to steal is highly coveted and being held in one of these safe heavens in a vault until this magic counsel decides what to do with it. So he goes there with his friend whom I believe is a incubus or succubus? This safe heaven in specific is run by one man that has a twin brother and a daughter - anyways basically the jewel was to be stored in a protected room in the safe heaven but her father who runs it gave it to her in secret - the little pet of the demon guy steals it from her and takes it back to his owner the demon guy.... It's actually rather funny how it happens because she's chasing the thing down the hall and to this guys room.He gives her a fake one (unbeknownst to her) - there is an explosion downstairs where the vault is, she runs down there and believes her father is injured, they (her, the demon guy with the pet dragon and the succubus) all get attacked by another demon and they have to run for their lives..Eventually they cross realms because they are being hunted for this jewel/stone... If this rings a bell with anyone I really want to find the book series I think there are 3-4 books in the series?
Novel: Man gets abducted, injected with nanobots by an AI and protects the Earth from aliens Looking for a book that was about a guy who gets abducted by an alien space ship and then told to protect Earth from another alien threat by an AI made up of nanobots. The ship won't let him out to fight the enemy until he got himself injected with some of the nanobots because <blockquote>  the Captain's survival is its top priority before fighting the enemy.</blockquote>I think the main character named the enemy 'the Marcos' but don't quote me on it. Does anyone have an idea on what I'm talking about? I know that it is part of a saga but not much else.
Story with time-traveling vampires Lately I've been trying to remember a book I read a while ago, about a group of time-traveling vampires and (possibly) including the one and only Count Dracula himself.The book was written in English by an American author probably in the 80s, but I read it around the mid-90s. It was a paperback with around 200+ pages or so and if I remember correctly, the version that I had, had a red cover.The story is that vampires really do exist in our society and they really fear the sign of the cross and daylight. However, due to the modern surveillance and policing methods of our society, feeding unobserved is becoming more and more difficult, thus being led to extinction as they are also hunted by the Van Helsing family (descendants of the famous vampire hunter of the original Bram Stoker story).Some time in the near future only a handful of them are left and are led by the Count himself. At the same time, a scientist makes a time-machine and becomes an instant celebrity in the news. In a desperate attempt, the Count and his team attempt a series of heists: First they steal a few nuclear bombs from a nearby base and then the time-machine itself, with the goal to travel back to the Stone Age when humans are not a threat and explode the bombs to make a nuclear winter, thus walking the Earth unmolested and enslaving the humans of the time, so as to keep them as cattle. However, at the very last minute they are stopped by our hero (a Van Helsing of course), albeit, with him and his love interest being stuck in the stone Age with the last few of the vampires, thus starting the cycle once again. Finally, one of the bombs exploded and the mushroom cloud and the bright flash cause the vampires' fear of light and the cross.I tried to provide as many details as possible, but my google-fu is giving me lots of irrelevant results due to the terms time-travel, Dracula, vampires etc, and I may be confusing some of the details with other stories, so my apologies. Any help is appreciated!
What is the Vegan home planet in 'Cities in Flight'? In James Blish's Cities in Flight tetraology there are mentions of the war between Earth colonists and the Vegan Confederation that ruled half the galaxy.  Naturally the Vegans come from Vega, or Alpha Lyrae.But I forget if the Vegan home world is described as Vega II (Vega Two), or as Vega 11 (Vega Eleven).Does anyone know which Vegan planet was the home world of the Vegans?
Post-apocalyptic novel with four female protagonists, one a marksman I spotted a book in Walmart a few days ago but forgot to note its name. It was either post-apocalyptic or set during the apocalypse. It has four female leads, one of whom was (I think) mentioned as being a marksman on the cover. A snippet inside the book mentioned a gun. The others were (I recall) some kind of biologist, and another a surveyor. It mentioned <blockquote>  \u201c...nature has reclaimed...\u201d</blockquote>and I know the author is a man. I believe the book is recent but I\u2019m not sure.
Futuristic novel where cats are telepathic and can detect liars and criminals I'm looking for a novel set in the future (2036? date is mentioned on cover) and there's a picture of a cat on the cover.It is about cats who are telepathic and can detect liars and criminals. The main characters are women who own the cats. Houses are run by computers linked to the owners; they show person's health and whether they're at home. No individual cars owned, they call up a communal car to travel.
Did Palpatine have the ability to time travel? In Rebels final episode, \"Family Reunion - and Farewell\we could see that: <blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Palpatine managed to create a time traveling portal and offered Ezra a one-way ticket to happy times with his family. All of this, even though the Lothal temple was destroyed in previous episodes. </blockquote>Was this just an illusion with Sith sorcery to break Ezra, or did Palpatine have the ability to time travel? I suppose he would not squander a one-time ride he could not repeat just to send Ezra away, instead of killing him on the spot. 
Which symphony does Artemis Fowl listen to increase his thinking capacity while planning his next move? I remember that at one point, to make a counter-move in an ongoing plot, Artemis closes himself in a room and makes lot of arrangements with Butler's help to let his brain function at maximum. One of the things he does is listen to a music record. It was either Mozart or Beethoven. I wanted to know the exact song.
Looking for a short story in which an alien visits earth using ftl after a sub-light interstellar probe visits their star I'm almost certain this is a Larry Niven short-story but I don't know how to identify it.It's set in the equivalent of a NASA project station and they are receiving the telemetry from an interstellar probe as it encounters a star and contact is about to fade as the probe goes around the far side of the star. The alien in the audience apologetically explains that telemetry won't resume because they shot and destroyed the probe.The alien explains that his race is deeply impressed by the humans' ability to create technology that can still work after the journey but the humans are depressed because the alien used ftl technology to easily achieve what was a monumental project for humans.
Help me find this supernatural/fantasy book about the daughter of a rich criminal I think its a supernatural kind of book or fantasy. It's about this girl who is rich because her dad is a big criminal. She also has powers. The dad protects her from the outside world, even makes her homeschooled. Anyways the girl starts school, where rich people go to school in. She meets her favorite singer at her birthday party and finds out he goes to her school. She befriends this girl with red hair who is I think a model and her friends. The singer boy is included too. Long story short she is the last guardian they were waiting for. And in this other world, there is a Seelie court and Unseelie court where the girl's grandparents rule (she finds out later in the book) separately. Anyway, the grandparents have a princess which is ugly?? But since their other daughter (the girl's mom) died, she is supposed to rule both courts. The half-brothers from the Seelie court don't want this to happen so they give her a hard time.
Why couldn't Moana see the spiral? Moana and Maui's quest is to restore the Heart of Te Fiti to its rightful place in the spiral but when she arrives at the island, the spiral isn't immediately visible. Later in the film it becomes evident that <blockquote class=\"spoiler\">  Te Ka is in fact Te Fiti when she sees the spiral on its chest. </blockquote>But on multiple occasions we see Te Ka in pretty good detail and the <blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   spiral is nowhere to be seen. </blockquote>Was the climatic battle (and specifically the 'whale splash') necessary to the restoration since the spiral isn't visible until shortly after that? It would have been some nice foreshadowing to see at least some hint of the feature earlier in the movie which makes me think that its absence was purposeful. Are we supposed to see her outer skin as an analogy for emotional armour, that had to be removed before the Heart could be restored?
Have any humans remained conscious after a Vulcan nerve pinch other than Khan Noonien Singh? In the film Star Trek Into Darkness (2013), Khan Noonien Singh notably remains conscious after the famous Vulcan nerve pinch.  In the Star Trek canon, have any other humans been able to achieve this?
Why couldn't Aragorn become one of the Eldar? Canonically, Arwen elects for a mortal life, linking her fate to the Doom of Man. In doing so, she's the second elf to do so, after Luthien Tinuviel. My question is this: Why couldn't Aragorn have been granted immortality, and have his fate tied to the Firstborn? There is precedent for this as well--Luthien and Beren were not the only inter-species marriage in history: Luthien's parents were an Elf and a Maia (both immortal, and therefore irrelevant), and Luthien and Beren's granddaughter, Idril Celebrindal (\"half-elven\" in the same was as Elrond but counted among the Eldar) married a human (Tuor, son of Huor). Interestingly, both Aragorn and Arwen are directly descended from all three of these couples. The important note is that Tuor was able to become counted among the Eldar, due to his marriage to Idril, and his abiding love of Elvenkind. Couldn't the same have happened for Aragorn?Other Notes:I understand that thematically Aragorn represents the coming of the Dominion of Men, so his Fate is sealed, so to speak. And he may well have felt more kinship for Man than for Elves. But in-universe, would he have had a choice? Could Arwen and Aragorn have talked things through and decided that either mortality or immortality was right for them and their descendants? Or was Arwen choosing mortality really the only way their fates could have been linked? Could he have ruled as king for a reasonable span of years and then taken a ship into the West with Arwen?
TV Show identification: 90's live action space kids show in another part of the galaxy This might be a serious long shot - there was a show on YTV (Canadian kids channel).  It was live action, and I believe that each of the characters had a particular color, like red/yellow, that identified their vehicles.  They were in space, and somehow got to the wrong side of the galaxy. While there, they met an alien on a planet.  On that planet they found a pet, but the alien said that the animal was \"very nutritious\".  The only line I remember was \"Nutritious?   As in, rhymes with delicious?\" from one of the skeptical (presumably) human characters.Any ideas?edit: I seem to remember that there was a \"space gate\" of some kind that they used to travel, and for some reason they couldn't get back home after they went in.  There was fighting against some kind of main adversarial army/person.  The pet alien thing was a sort of bald sheep.Edit 2: it is not \"space cases\although there is a similar premise.  It was a lot more CGI than that, and more \"military\" than \"school\"
TV Show identification: 90's live action space kids show in another part of the galaxy This might be a serious long shot - there was a show on YTV (Canadian kids channel).  It was live action, and I believe that each of the characters had a particular color, like red/yellow, that identified their vehicles.  They were in space, and somehow got to the wrong side of the galaxy. While there, they met an alien on a planet.  On that planet they found a pet, but the alien said that the animal was \"very nutritious\".  The only line I remember was \"Nutritious?   As in, rhymes with delicious?\" from one of the skeptical (presumably) human characters.Any ideas?edit: I seem to remember that there was a \"space gate\" of some kind that they used to travel, and for some reason they couldn't get back home after they went in.  There was fighting against some kind of main adversarial army/person.  The pet alien thing was a sort of bald sheep.Edit 2: it is not \"space cases\although there is a similar premise.  It was a lot more CGI than that, and more \"military\" than \"school\"
Where did the weapons on the Millennium Falcon come from? In The Force Awakens, Han and Chewie recover the Millennium Falcon and fly to Takodana with Finn and Rey. Before going to Maz's castle, however, Han hands out blasters to everyone. Given that the Falcon had not been in Han's possession for some time, why were the weapons there? I believe that while the Falcon languished on Jakku, it was used for spare parts. At the very least, wouldn't Unkar Plutt have emptied the weapons locker and used them for his own purposes?
Does Phineas and Ferb ever reference Milo Murphy's Law? We know that Milo Murphy's Law takes place in the same universe as Phineas and Ferb. This eveident from the many references to Phineas and Ferb in the later Milo Murphy's Law. But is the reverse true as well? Does Phineas and Ferb ever reference its sequel?
Old black and white movie where there was a giant clock on an alien planet that regulated universal time I saw an old black and white space movie in 1968, where at the end the spacemen had to travel to an alien planet and re-start a giant clock which controlled universal time.
A Robin Hood based story I recall a children's story i enjoyed.  I can give scraps of memory - can anyone help identify?  There were figurines of Robin Hood and Sherwood Forest.The kids would enter that world in their sleep.Their bed would appear as a plateau in that world.What happened to the figurines in daytime affected the alternate world: on one occasion the figurines were used to demonstrate baseball plays and the next night in Sherwood Forest universe, the big thing was baseball.There were two house-type dolls who were insanely furious about being neglected.Any help appreciated. 
Book name for Epic novel about colonizing a large planet I'm trying to remember the name of a book I read in the early to mid-90's. It was an epic novel about a group of human colonizing an Earth-like planet that is much larger than Earth. There were several plots running simultaneously through the book. One I remember in particular was a husband and wife exploring a part of the planet only to have her die in an accident. The husband is able to transfer her consciousness to a robot that looks like her. There was another subplot that involved training sea creatures to dive for rocks in the depths of a giant ocean. Yet another subplot of spaceship pilot being captured by an alien entity that enslave him by connecting his limbs to a device that harnesses his movement for energy. I have a vague recollection that this was the first book in a series, but I only read the one book and can't remember the title for the life of me. Any help is appreciated. Additional Info If it helps, I remember part of the sub-plot of the husband bringing the wife back to life as an android that she is initially aghast by her new body but then grows more used to the idea and starts theorizing ways to add padding in certain areas to make her new body softer and more feminine.
Looking for a Space Trilogy I read this in the mid-1980's and so my memory is a bit sketchy.In the first book, there is some environmental disaster that's coming up, but the government doesn't want anyone know, so they put the scientists that are aware of the problem on a generation ship and send them to colonize a new world.  But really the government is just trying to get rid of them.In the second book, they get to their world, but it turns out to not be that great.  Something about the atmosphere being too thick.  They decide to head out to a new planet.In the third book, for some reason, only the kids remain on the ship and they've formed a quasi-religion based on the instruction video that was left for them.  The main antagonist was a sneaky kid that was confined to a wheelchair.  There was also an issue of the main character wanted to fix the broken things on the ship, but it was against their religion. Any ideas? 
How cold does it get around Dementors? In the movie Harry Potter and the Prisonzer of Azkaban (#3), there's a scene where Sirius is lying on the shore of a lake or pond and Harry is sitting next to him.In this scene, Dementors arrive and, as usual, the temperature drops. Harry notices this before he even sees the Dementors. He watches while the lake seems to freeze over in the course of a few seconds.Without magic, it would require an extremely low temperature to freeze a body of water that size in that amount of time. I'm not a thermodynamics expert, but we're definitely talking about such extreme temperatures that a human would typically die in a matter of minutes.How cold was it really?Do Dementors drop the temperature that dramatically? If so, how do witches and wizards survive without experiencing hypothermia or frostbite?Does the lake freeze so quickly because of some sort of magical \"cold enchantment\" that the Dementors possess?Is it really so cold that a Muggle would die, but witches and wizards are able to protect themselves through some sort of \"warmth\" enchantment?
What's Victor Frankenstein\u2019s birth place? I am reading the Frankenstein novel (a French edition), and in the first chapter where Victor Frankenstein starts to tell his story, he says:<blockquote>  \"Je suis n\u00e9 \u00e0 Gen\u00e8ve et ma famille est l'une des plus distingu\u00e9es de cette r\u00e9publique.\" (\"I was born in Geneva [...].\")</blockquote>But two pages later, he says:<blockquote>  \"Apr\u00e8s l'Italie, ils visit\u00e8rent l'Allemagne et la France. Moi-m\u00eame, leur premier enfant, je naquis \u00e0 Naples [...].\" (\"I was born in Naples [...].\")</blockquote>So where was he really born? Is this a bad translation from the original English novel? Why this contradiction?
Which 1970s Spider-Man cartoon had sentient alternate dimension plants? As a kid I have distinct memories of watching a Spider-Man cartoon on television.  Given the house it was in, it could have been as late as 1981, but I'm pretty sure it was really the late 1970s.I only remember two storylines from the cartoon (and I remember seeing them multiple times, which in hindsight, suggests that this was a budget production with limited material to pull from when broadcasting).  One is Spider-Man somehow being transported to an alternate dimension where he fights and escapes from creatures that are essentially sentient plants.  The plants - which I'm picturing as somewhat venus-flytrap-like - could move around and communicate and part of the story was Spider-Man prevented them from mounting an invasion of Earth.  The plants basically ruled their own dimension and had built a temple where they try to sacrifice Spider-Man, or something like that.The other one was simpler, it was an out-of-control boulder rolling through a city / suburbia, crushing cars like they're tin cans and doing other damage.  In the opening and closing credits and in-between episode segments, it seemed like they used this one repeatedly as a sort of teaser thing (or possibly just to help fill the running time), but I'm pretty sure I saw the actual episode where Spider-Man stops the boulder to prevent more damage or injury. Those memories are still very clear to me.  Less clear is the main bad guy. I'm picturing him in a cloak with a hood; I am not sure if they brought Dr. Doom into that series, or if it was their particular incarnation of Green Goblin or somebody else.  I remember the tone of the series being dark and scary, but that might just be from being a little kid.  I don't remember any other superheroes ever showing up in the series.I've tried to figure this one out several times over the years too.  It turns out that the Wikipedia entry covering the various Spider-Man television cartoons over the decades is - as far as I can tell - very comprehensive.  But going through it, and checking out some possibilities on YouTube and borrowing DVDs from friends, has yielded no matches.  
Identify weird Sci Fi movie from 70s/80s Things I remember (vaguely, maybe incorrectly) about this movie:the setting is overcrowded and we never see \"outside\so it may be in space or just a dystopian futureit's weird, like Brazil-level weirdit was intended for kids, so not as dark as Brazilthe living space is a maze, with walls and ceiling made of pipes and tubes of all sizesmay have robots or aliensI remember the old cathode ray TVs in useI seem to recall the title somehow didn't fit the settings (very strange clue)I watched it in a theater in America, so I'm sure it was a movie. I even vaguely recall the poster showed someone (a kid?) in the midst of this maze of pipes/tubes.Any ideas?
In \"Pacific Rim: Uprising\what is this object in the Jaeger simulator? About halfway through Pacific Rim: Uprising, Jake Pentecost comes to see Amara Namani in a Jaeger simulator where she's training, and they attempt to drift together. Before that, we see that the simulator contains <blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   what appears to be a human brain, suspended in a small cylindrical tank, which Jake calls by name and expresses some familiarity with.</blockquote>Presumably this is used to run Jaeger-piloting simulations with only one pilot, but is there any explanation for what this is and how it got there? I can think of a number of possibilities...<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   - the brain of a deceased Jaeger pilot<br> - a cloned brain that was \"born\" in an artificial system and lives in VR<br> - a structural replication of a human brain that is not necessarily \"alive\"<br> - some sort of kaiju-brain derivative, which seems unlikely given the state of Dr. Geiszler</blockquote>However, there's certainly no explanation offered in Pacific Rim: Uprising. I don't recall this technology being referred to in the first film, but was there actually an explanation there, or in the Pacific Rim comic books, or in any other supplementary materials?
Don't remember a book: Merlin/Grey Side There was a book I've read a long time ago about someone related to Merlin or something and his travel to another world that was separated into 3 sides - grey, dark and light. He also could use an artifact that can do anything. The book name said something about Merlin and grey side, although I'm not sure about that. Can someone help me? This have been bugging me for a while now.I also remember some parts of the plot like the boy was in school and he was bullied (maybe?) but he was transported into the world by someone else and he changed his race? I also remember a vampire castle and vampire lions for some reason.Edit. If i am not mistaken, part of the story (the beginning) was set in modern (relatively) time.
Why does Easter appear so early in the TV series? In American Gods (book), the character of Easter appears only a couple of times in the story: once when Wednesday is trying to recruit her, and then (if I recall correctly) later on to<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   take Shadow down from the tree where he's been hanging.</blockquote>In American Gods (TV show), Easter appears much sooner in the story - at the end of the first season, which corresponds to a much earlier point in the novel than her first appearance there. Although she's only been in one episode so far, it seems like she's set to play a much more major role in the TV show than the novel.Why was her character expanded, and brought forward, so much?Whose decision was it? Gaiman? Green and Fuller? Someone else?Has anyone spoken about the reason for it, e.g. in interviews? Was it to show off Kristin Chenoweth and her acting ability as soon and as much as possible? Did they feel that Easter was an underused character and should be expanded, a la Mad Sweeney and Salim?
Looking for the name of story similar to the song Space Oddity I read this story in an anthology book that must have been from the 70's or 80's. In it, the narrator tells us that he's seeing someone impossible, and that he must be wrong, then goes into flashback:He tells the story of an astronaut, which has many beats reminiscent of Space Oddity or Major Tom. The astronaut's transmitter is working but he can't receive, and his transmissions spark an international effort to develop the infrastructure to launch a mission to save him.There's a twist ending:<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   the whole thing was faked to spur development of space travel technology. The narrator thinks he's seeing the astronaut, and wonders what the sacrifice of his entire life for this cause must have been like.</blockquote>If anyone remembers the name of the story or where to find it I'd very much appreciate it!
Story about arriving in hell and finding it empty I read this back in the 1980s or 90s. I'm not sure if it was a story in Omni, or in an anthology.The story starts with some guy waking up in what he perceives to be Hell, but he is alone. He is burnt all over from the fires.Then some girl arrives and she is freezing. He gives her the cloak he had and she decides he's the devil.More people trickle in, all thinking this man is the devil. Then an angel appears and says there was some sort of error. That they should all be in Heaven, as Satan had apologized to God or something of the sort and was allowed back.The guy in the story decides to stay and rule in Hell, instead of being just someone else in Heaven.Does anyone else remember this?
During the Imperial Period how were the Butlerian Prescriptions Enforced.? There are plenty of references in the Dune books about meeting the requirements imposed by the Butlerian Prescriptions, but very little about how they are enforced. Examples:A Richesian inventor makes a device, it goes through some kind of    review, it may be deemed legal on Richese but not elsewhere. A world outside the Imperium becomes  technologically advanced. Who goes out and surveys the world's technology and demands the Landsraad and Emperor take action if they are no longer adhering to the prescriptions?The Prescriptions:Thou shalt not make a machine in the likeness of a Human Mind.Thou shalt not make a machine to counterfeit the Human Body.Thou shalt not make a machine capable of propagation or regeneration.
Book identification: 1990s children's book with robot and credit card I'm UK-based, and recall reading and loving a book series in the 1990s about:a young male character, and to a lesser extent his familywho had a robot companion (who I think was referenced in the title)who had access to a debit/credit card called a \"Junior Credit ID\"There was definitely a futuristic vibe about them, too.The books are long since gone from my parents' house, and no-one can remember the title or any character names, but apparently one of my homemade \"Junior Credit ID\" cards has survived.All help gratefully received!Edit to answer comment questions:I\u2019m not 100%, but I seem to remember reading at least two separate books, since I was excited when I found \u201cthe next one\u201d at the library.YA rather than pure children\u2019s. I didn\u2019t feel condescended to as an eleven/twelve year-old, and had more adult concepts - that\u2019s probably why the Junior Credit ID still stands out in my memory. It wasn\u2019t a picture book. There may have been chapter illustrations, but I\u2019m not certain. For some reason I think the cover illustration was quite cartoony in nature, and I think the robot might have been yellow/gold. It\u2019s occurred to me the robot may have had a human name, but as an acronym. Again, I\u2019m not sure if that\u2019s my memory playing tricks!
Sci fi novel about a modern warship that goes back in time This is one I read at least 30 years ago.It was a UK paperback. A similar premise to John Birminghams Axis of Time series...What I remember is a USA  navy ship somehow ended up back in Roman times amongst Arabian ships - they get involved with a floating brothel in a weatherbeaten hulk.The brothel is staffed and ran by women who used to be Roman slaves but escaped To get protection from Arab gangsters the women form an alliance with the USA sailors One point I remember is the USA captain demonstrated a pistol to the Arab warchiefs to scare them away. When they first board his vessel he warns all his men to keep their hands out their pockets. He says \"these guys have never seen a pocket so don't give away we have concealed places in our clothes\"I also want to say the floating brothel madam was also from modern days and she'd fell through the wormhole or whatever years earlier. Then she used her business savvy to end up as the boss, however I'm not too sure about this memoryI think they eventually make it back to modern times but they bring several women with them.
Man leads a group out of a dark forest using his heart as a light Does anyone know the name of this story about a man who courageously led a group of people out of a forest? The details are murky for me but this group was frightened to try to leave and he lead them out.Throughout the story, they entered a really dark place and he ripped out his own heart which shined brightly and used it as a light to lead the way. At the very end, when everyone had made it out, he collapsed, and someone stepped on his heart to extinguish the light. It's not a novel, it's a short story if memory serves correctly.
Chimps save the life of a crewmate Read this novella a while ago. I think it was on Asimov magazine. It was about a trial where the sole survivor of a spaceship was trying to end a program where chimps were traveling with humans and they had cut the arms and legs of the crewman in order to save his life. The chimps spoke using sign language. It has an epic ending where he realizes that they sacrifice themselves in order to save him. Anybody know the name and/or author?
Kids space travel series featuring 'The Great Ta' I'm looking for a kids space travel science fiction series. It featured green aliens, there were at least 3 books in the series, and they were very old, with the first book published in the 60's.Two more crucial details - mushrooms play a crucial role in the books, and the alien leader is known as 'The Great Ta'.
Sci-fi novel about colonists on a jungle planet with butterflies I'm looking for a book about a where a spacecraft of people go to follow up on an initial colonization party to an Earth-like jungle planet.They find an all-but-abandoned settlement, surrounded by high fences, but with no Idea what has happened to the initial team.They set out through the jungle, and find members of the original team living as savages, with their minds burnt out due to the fact that they were getting high on butterfly pheromones.Or something like that.
Novel about genetically engineered bacteria that causes hallucinations? This one's a bit of a long shot, because I don't remember many identifiable details, but it's worth a try.I'm almost certain the book had the word \"chameleon\" in the title. My copy was a hardcover, I don't know if it came out as a paperback. The cover was black with, I think, a small, colorful picture of a chameleon on it. I bought it used in the late 90's, and I believe it was from the late 80's/early 90's. The plot is a medical thriller. It takes place in a small, isolated community with a mysterious lab nearby. A group of animal rights activists, including the teen daughter of one of the characters, breaks into the lab and contracts a disease that has been engineered there. This I do remember - the germ is Staphylococcus, with genes added (from a plant?) that causes the organism to excrete hallucinogens. Like regular Staph, it is contagious and a plague of apparent insanity sweeps through the town.The male main character's female love interest is a teacher or camp counselor, who notices the disease spreading among the town's children first. There's a scene where she tries to talk down a young boy off a roof - his internal monologue makes it clear he has hallucinated turning into a bird, and he throws himself off the roof in an attempt to fly.There are plot shenanigans surrounding this, including, if I remember correctly, one of the doctors from the lab dealing with shady characters (mobsters? big pharma? I don't recall) and the government trying to keep things hush-hush.I think the characters figure out what's going on when someone who was already on antibiotics proves resistant to the bacteria. 
How much of The Language of Thorns is canon? The Language of Thorns is a book of short stories or fairy tales by Leigh Bardugo. While some of them seem that they might be freestanding, others clearly have elements from the  Grishaverse (that is, the Shadow and Bone trilogy and so forth). For example, the narration mentions locations such as Ketterdam, and nationalities or ethnicities such as Suli.However, some elements of the stories seem to be very different from the sorts of magic seen in the Grishaverse (for example, the candy-magic, or the beast\u2019s power), while others seem as if they might (in-universe) have been inspired by the actions of the Grisha (such as the story of \u201cLittle Knife\u201d). In particular, the first story, \u201cAyama and the Thorn Wood,\u201d seems to have no connection with the Grishaverse at all. On the other hand, the back jacket also confidently declares the book to be part of the Grishaverse. What elements of this book are part of the Grishaverse? 
What is the name of the book where there are mages who use talismans (?) to battle other mages? I have been looking for a book for decades. I only remember some things because I read it when I was quite young.It was the story of this mage who came back to his hometown where four mage families/houses ruled. There was a 5th family that was destroyed and this mage belonged to that family, he was its last member and he returned to avenge his house/family. The mages used some sort of talismans(?) to battle other mages and if they won the battle they could take one of the oponents talismans. Each talisman had its own purpose and would work or not against other talismans.There was also in the story an arena were the mages battled.Does anyone know of a story like this?
Who are the current owners of the Infinity Stones in the MCU before the beginning of Infinity War? Who owns the Infinity Stones in the MCU currently, i.e. before the beginning of the events of Avengers: Infinity War. Who has owned these Infinity Stones up until now?
In 'The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy' radio series, which parts of the Secondary Phase are not real? One key element is left unresolved in Series 2 of the BBC radio series (the Secondary Phase), originally aired in 1980.At the end of this Phase, Zarniwoop reveals to Zaphod Beeblebrox that at some point the starship Heart of Gold has entered the pocket universe which exists within Zarniwoop's office on Ursa Minor. But it is never made clear at what point this occurs. As none of the events which happen within the pocket universehave really happened, an element of confusion exists as to howmuch of Series 2 really took place, and which parts of that seriesdidn't really occur.It seems certain that Zaphpod's visit to the headquartersof Megadodo Publications, in episode 1 (Fit the Seventh), must have happened in reality, because he is given details there about Zarniwoopbeing on an inter-galactic cruise in his office: logically,Zarniwoop and the cruise must be real, as when Zaphod meetsZarniwoop in episode 6 (Fit the Twelfth) the latter admits to being on such a cruise.Ford is present with Zaphod in episode 6, at the meeting withZarniwoop, so Zaphod's rescue of Ford and Arthur must also havebeen real.As Zaphod does not return to the starship Heart of Gold betweenfleeing Zarniwoop's office and arriving on the Frogstar, thatincident - and hence his being plugged into the Total PerspectiveVortex - must also be real events. This is logical, as theseevents preceed the rescue of Ford and Arthur.So at what point do Zaphod, Ford and Arthur become unwitting guests in Zarniwoop's pocket universe?And do they ever leave it? The Ruler of the Universe, in episode 6 (Fit the Twelfth), seems to be aware that there is some doubt as to whether the universe he rules is real or not. This occurs after the meeting with Zarniwoop, such that Series 2 ends on an ambiguous note: have they actually exited the pocket universe -- or not?Note to interested parties: I am (reasonably) well aware that many strange occurrences occurred in the 2nd novel written by Douglas Adams, which he based (loosely) on the 2nd radio series. But that novel has a radically different plot to the original radio show. What I'm asking about is the radio show, not the impenetrable plot of the novel.EDIT - This question is not the same as the question it supposedly duplicates, which talks mainly about the novels. But I am asking about the radio show -- there are enormous differences of plot between the second novel and the 1980 radio series it is (loosely) based on. Also, the other question only deals with when he entered the pocket universe, but my question is asking also about the point at which he got out, and, indeed, is asking whether - on the radio- he ever did get out, since the \"Man in the Shack\" says things in the radio episode which imply that they are still trapped in the artificial universe, after Zarniwoop has supposedly released them from it.
Why did Bill Weasley choose to be his own Secret Keeper? Grimmauld Place's location was revealed to Yaxley when he held onto Hermione, while she was apparating there. This indicates that the Secret is vulnerable for the length of time it is being accessed by the Secret Keeper. <blockquote>  As we Disapparated, Yaxley caught hold of me and I couldn\u2019t get rid of  him, he was too strong, and he was still holding on when we arrived at  Grimmauld Place, and then \u2013 well, I think he must have seen the door,  and thought we were stopping there, so he slackened his grip and I  managed to sake him off and I brought us here instead    -Hermione Granger, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows</blockquote>I take this to mean that when the Secret Keeper touches the wall of Grimmauld Place from the outside or even gazes at it from the outside(outside the area that is protected by the Fidelius), Grimmauld Place becomes visible for that brief duration of time. NOTE: This vulnerability applies only to the Secret Keeper, and not to a person who has simply been told the secret.The best way for a Secret Keeper to enter  would be to apparate directly inside, which has its drawbacks as demonstrated by Hermione.Bill Weasley was the Secret Keeper for Shell Cottage. Would it not be dangerous since he was actually living there? Every time Bill went out and entered Shell Cottage, he was risking the Fidelius. James, not being his own Secret Keeper was a practical choice, even if it backfired. Why did Bill risk it?
Book ending with a space ship flying out of an ice floe in which it was hidden? I read this in the 80s. There were hangar doors in a (fake?) ice floe underneath which the ship was built. And maybe something about \"Miranda\" (a star? and the ship's destination?), but I'm not sure. Does anybody remember the book?I read it in German, but I don't know whether or not it was translated.
Alexander the Great vs Aliens This is a paperback novel I read in a library in the US in the 90s.   IIRC, the cover depicted a guy with a sword (presumably Alexander) on a chessboard (possibly fighting/standing over an alien).  I vaguely remember something in the background.   Maybe a ringworld setting?   Certainly some sort of space background.The plot involves Aliens that abduct historical characters from various planets and have them do battle against each other on a game world (there's something about large walls splitting the world into various sectors -- that's why I'm thinking ringworld-like setting).   Gambling is involved.In this case, the Aliens take Alexander (right before he died), along with a (one-eyed?) henchman who manages to come along.   Alexander and henchman are placed in a world/scenario where a race of humanoids (but bigger and stronger than an average human) rule over the humans.   Alexander's task is to unite the human tribes and overthrow the aliens.To make things interesting, the Aliens also place some hero-humanoid historical figure on the world to see if he can stop Alexander.   Then they place bets.Alexander manages to unite the tribes and drills them in phalanx maneuvers.  He then takes his army to the field and crushes the initial humanoid (cavalry?)  attack against him.   This finally convinces the humanoids to trust their hero to train them in a similar manner.   They do so, and things become more of a stalemate.Then, (for some reason) there's a big iron meteor that becomes important (maybe they need the metal for weapons?) and both sides build navies and battle on water.Then there's some \"iron turtles\" (essentially armored shells pushed by the humanoids on the inside) that need to be defeated.The war comes to a climax when Alexander challenges the humanoid hero to one on one combat (which greatly favors the latter because of superior strength/size).<br>Alexander of course ends up winning, but sparing the other guy....All along there's a side plot where the abducting Aliens are trying to rig the game (I think the \"bad alien\" is betting against Alexander) and they rig things to make it look like Alexander kills the other guy.   In reality, the ending scene has the two them teaming up and planning to try and liberate the other games on the world (something about going over the barriers).
A forest of unreal inhabitants Book written before 2000.My recollection is exceedingly vague, but what I recall is an individual, or a group of individuals, moving to a house that is either next to or in the outskirts of a large forest. At some point, early in the story, one of the inhabitants sees a strange man coming into a yard (or courtyard, or possibly even a clearing in the forest visible from the house) who, it turns out, is not actually real.If I recall, the significance and impact of the phantasmal people escalates as the story goes on; I also dimly recall at least one character, in an effort to resolve the situation (or, at least, figure out what is going on) tries to penetrate to the center of the forest, which may house the cause or source of the apparitions.The people are physically tangible, I believe - they can touch things and interact with other people, but I believe they are prone to disappearing (and, possibly reappearing) and various other anomalous behaviour.
Comic character from the 90s who resembled Spawn This one has been annoying me for a while now, I just cannot recall what the name of this guy/comic was.Was an origin story about a guy who finds a costume that looks a bit like Spawn and gives him the standard super strength/flying powers, etc, I vaguely remember it being in the back of another more established comic, can't remember which one, we're talking early to mid 1990s here. He was more of an anti-hero than hero, I remember he used to throw these bombs that looked like pills as well. No idea if it was Marvel/DC or whatever.His main enemy in the story was this guy who looked a bit like Duke Nuke'em. Spiked blonde hair, dressed in black, was a commando/army type guy. His catchphrase was something like 'If I see it coming, it can't hurt me'. Two scenes I specifically remember in the comic are when bad guy is beating the crap out of good guy in a club. Good guy doesn't have his costume on so no super powers, a couple of bouncers get involved and bad guy turns around in a rage tearing half his suit off, which allows good guy to escape.Later on good guy revisits bad guy, this time wearing the suit. He flies up to like the 80th floor of a building and starts kicking the bad guys ass. He throws him out of a window and the bad guy falls to his death...except he isn't dead yet, badly hurt, but not dead. He's crawling out of a hole, smashed to bits, repeating his catchphrase - 'if I see it coming, it can't hurt me'. Last panel is the good guy hitting him from behind with a truck, which he doesn't see coming, which presumably does kills him.Anyone remember the name of this character? Comic?
Name of YA anthology book from late 80s about Time Travel When I was young I used to check out a book from my local Texas library. It was an anthology of Time Travel stories. It was on the thin size, hard cover and was illustrated. It was in the YA section. It seemed to be brand new and published around the late 80s. The story that I remember the most is about a group of scientists that invent a machine that can peer back through time. They use it to watch Isaac Newton who then becomes paranoid and loses his mind. The pictures from that particular story that I remember are of the scientist watching Newton at work on a small tv screen and another one of Newton sitting in an insane asylum.  I've done some google searches before but haven't turned up anything yet. Anyone know what this is?
Why didn't the piece of Voldemort\u2019s soul in Harry come back to life with Harry? I recently reread the books and found it curious that when Harry goes into the Forbidden Forest, and is killed by Voldemort but comes back to life, that the piece of soul in him doesn't come back with Harry. Because Harry never fully reached a state of death, he was just in King\u2019s Cross which served sort of like a purgatory and the part of Voldemort's soul was also there under the bench, so why didn't it stay connected to Harry and come back to life?
In Westworld, why wouldn't they use an EMP (Electro Magnetic Pulse) device to knock out all the hosts in the park? As per the title, why wouldn't there be any safety measures in place, such as an EMP (Electromagnetic Pulse) device, to knock out the hosts in case of an emergency?
Nintendo Game involving a fighting tournament and superhero costumes - Magazine comic adaptation Somewhere in the 1990s, I think, I read a short comic in a gaming magazine involving a man entering a fighting tournament. I want to say that he was Caucasian and blond, but I won't swear to it. One of his early opponents was a black boxer, who's taken down with relative ease with a leg sweep with the protagonist explaining that one of the weaknesses of traditional boxing is that they never learn to defend the legs. Shortly thereafter, the protagonist winds up in a situation where they're attacked by something supernatural. I want to say that one of the fighters, maybe the boxer, got empowered by some dark force. The protagonist is on the ropes in the fight until he does something and transforms, suddenly encased in colorful armor. That ended the comic, but the final page had a picture of an NES game with 3-4 people in superhero costumes (which didn't exactly match the armor the main character was wearing in the comic) on the cover. The title might have had something to do with dragons, or maybe I just saw a dragon theme in the portrayal.I have a vague memory that I might have run into the game and played it, although I recall thinking it didn't seem quite right, with a different cover and more of a mystical story. In the game I played, it was a martial-arts sort of game with levels splitting between side-scrolling with various mook enemies and tournament battles with tougher opponents. One of the things that stuck out to me was that you could attack on multiple levels, I think low, middle, and high, and block on those same levels, with the opponent's strikes and weaknesses showing up as circles and stars respectively. I also remember encountering an opponent who only attacked high with punches with a weakness around the legs, and thinking that this must be the scene from the comic with the boxer. I actually don't recall if there was any transformation in the game.I know... it's a vague memory, but I'm hoping someone might recognize it.
Short story where aliens are observing humans then attack I'm looking for a story where it's being told from the \"alien's\" perspective about them observing Earth in its primitive times via telescopes from systems away.They see us at our worst with war, violence and decide that we need to be purged for the good of the universe or something.As the missiles are flying they keep observing and see us mature compassion and stuff but it's too late to stop the attack.The attack hits and then they receive a message from Earth saying we're coming for you.
How does the barrier at kings cross tell the difference between a normal passerby muggle and a muggle born witch or wizard? It seems like it would be quite hard to tell the difference between a muggle born witch/wizard and a normal muggle just passing by, they seem to be virtually the same except for the witch/wizards potential or capability to perform magic.
Short story or novella about an extrasolar planet that develops intelligence, sends comet-like probes towards Earth? Plot Details/SummaryAs best as I can remember, the focus of the story is a planet that is in deep/interstellar space, balanced between the gravitational pulls of two distant star systems.  One of these is Sol, and I do not remember the other (Centauri or Proxima, perhaps?).  The planet's is comprised of a number of frozen chemical compounds that are able to exist in this form because of the planet's unique location.  I believe supercooled helium might be one, but I can't say for sure.  The relevant point here is that the compounds form the \"building blocks\" for the planet's development of intelligence.The first few paragraphs of the story chart the progress of the planet's development.  Naturally occurring electrical impulses begin a process where, over the course of several millennia, simple chemicals develop into rudimentary circuits, which in turn become more sophisticated circuits, which eventually develops into a complex, planet-wide matrix.  In effect, the planet has become a massive organic supercomputer.Once the planet reaches the supercomputer stage, it develops an imperative to reach out and make contact.  The planet creates icy, comet-like \"probes\" which it launches into space in the direction of Sol system.  I'm not sure how these are launched. I do recall the story details how the first few probes were destroyed when they were close enough to a system that a change of even a few degrees Kelvin was enough for them to dissipate from the heat.   Each generation of probe survives just a bit longer than the one before.This is the sum total of my knowledge of the story.  It was either a long-ish short story, or a novella.  In either case, I never got around to finishing the tale. Hopefully what I did read is enough to identify the story.Publication Details/Timeframe I read this story in the mid-1980s.  I think it was in a sci-fi magazine rather than an anthology or collection.  I am not certain of that, however.
Seeking a short story title that is set in the Egyptian pyramids This short story is set in one of one the pyramids of Egypt, I think. It may not seem like sci-fi, but I\u2019m pretty sure I read it in a science fiction anthology.  The narrator is part of a tour group off to tour a pyramid. As the group makes its way to the site, the narrator begins to notice fleeting images of strange creatures near the group. For example, he glimpses a baboon-like animal darting about on the face of the pyramid.Once inside the pyramid, the group goes deeper and deeper into the structure. Slowly it dawns on the narrator that perhaps they are all dead and they are descending into the underworld. He is the only one cognizant of this possibility it seems. Everyone else seems oblivious as they listen to one member of the group read text from a guide book. I think the last line of the story is something to this effect:<blockquote>  We continue to descend.</blockquote>
Short story where a girl turns into werewolf when she has her period I'm trying to remember the title and author of a short story I read in the 1980's in Asimov's about a teenage girl who turned into a werewolf when she got her period.
Story collection with upper-class fairies who amputate their wings? I was recently reading Tad Williams' \"War of the Flowers\" and one detail reminded me of something I read a while ago: it was a collection of short stories about elves and fairies - the detail was that the upper-class fairies had their wings surgically removed because flying around was seen as lower-class. It was a very striking idea, but I can't find the original story and haven't seen it acknowledged anywhere. I'm fairly sure the original was written in the early part of the 1900's, since my copy was quite old, bought at a yard sale (American, hardcover). There were a few line drawing illustrations.The only other thing I remember is one story where the two fairy protagonists, who are lovers, run away and hide in a church bell tower, where they are killed by the sound of the ringing bells (which is accurate to folklore). Their delicate wings decay, and when their bones are found, they are assumed to be two lost children and given a Christian burial.Good luck with this one! I know the details are sparse but this is all I can remember.
Audio series about a kid that goes by X I am trying to find an audio series that we listened to in elementary school ('94 to be exact). From what I remember, it was narrated by a girl, but the character she portrayed (X) could wake up on any day and be an entirely different person. She would live life as this other kid, male or female, for an undetermined amount of time until she would again wake as another person. I cannot for the life of me find anything close to this on Google. Thanks!
Looking for a childrens/young adult book about children exploring the dark side of a moon This is a book I remember loving when I was young, but I can\u2019t remember the name of the book or the author. (I read it probably in the early 90's.)I remember it being about a girl and a young boy (who might have been her brother) living on a space station and somehow getting stranded on the dark side of a moon or planet. There were some alien animal things that everyone was terrified of that lived on the dark side, but I seem to remember the kids befriending some of them. Edited to add more stuff I think I remembered: I remember the alien animal things lived in a pack, and had piebald/mottled skin. They were considered to be dangerous and terrifying, but turned out to (I think) be telepathic or otherwise able to communicate.I don't remember how it ended, but I'm pretty sure there was more than one book. 
How did Daisy survive this? In the season finale, when Daisy and Talbot are fighting, Talbot grabs Daisy.<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   He then zooms thousands of feet into the air (well above the skyscrapers of Chicago, then smashes back downward hard enough to leave a crater. </blockquote>Daisy is battered and scratched (and possibly has some internal injuries, who knows), but is alive and conscious.To a lesser extent, this also occurs when she tackles Talbot, knocking him a hundred feet or so back, and hard enough to tear up the pavement, but is (in this case) completely unharmed. All this was before taking the Centipede serum, which definitely did...something. Previously, Daisy has seemed to have normal durability, being susceptible to edged weapons, bullets, and so forth. She's been shot or beaten up by regular people, for instance, subsequent to activating her powers. Why did she suffer so little injury? 
What show am I remembering about aliens taking over Earth? I think in this show aliens have taken over the earth and essentially humans are working with/for them - but although things seem better the aliens are really farming people for food. I remember three specific scenes/plot lines and I believe both are from the same show: there is some sort of maternity/fertility clinic and video billboards urge women to come to it; there is a teen or young woman who is pregnant and some character close to her tells her not to go to that clinic; there is a woman (doctor? scientist?) maybe working at this clinic and she discovers the doctor is involved with giving the babies to the aliens. Next scene - a lower level area (maybe in clinic) is discovered where people are being processed - hanging on hooks like cattle; there is a fight there as good guys try to save people and stop this. Last scene, people are sent (voluntarily?) to what is supposed to be a good place to live and work, maybe sold as sort of a farm or something, and good guys discover it the people who go there are killed; I think they have to show the facility to someone who does not believe this is happening.I can't remember any actors, and my googling efforts have run out of key words etc. It is NOT \"V\" - I think I saw this within the past few years, should be something made between 2000 and 2017. I am sure I watched it as home, and it was more likely a series or miniseries than a feature film. Maybe a short lived series? 
What is inscribed around the muzzle of Deadpool's gun? In the James Bond-style opening credits of Deadpool 2, there's a moment where Deadpool points a pistol directly at the camera. There's something written there in engraved letters around the muzzle of the gun. I'm pretty sure it said \"SMILE\" along the upper edge, but I couldn't make out the rest of it - there seemed to be a few words at the bottom edge.What does it say, and is this just a one-off joke, or a canonical thing that's always written on Wade's guns?
Duo of alien xenologists study couple of Terran explorers, later save them I once read a SF short story in the 80's, but I can't remember either the name nor the author. The protagonists are two alien anthropologists (one shaped like a tiger, the other like a dragon, I think) intent  on secretly studying two Terran explorers. The Terrans (dubbed \"the big one\" and \"the small one\") we soon learn are a couple and at one point they get in some kind of danger.The two alien anthropologists decide to save them and manage to do so without revealing themselves, thus also \"saving\" their study.
Name of the 90's show/episode with a companion/sex robot (blonde, maybe Jenna McCarthy) A companion robot and an astronaut are returning home, and the companion robot is annoyed because the astronaut won't have sex with her. They are in a ship, and the astronaut keeps talking about his wife. This was probably mid to late 90's. I just remember having to turn it off because my parents came home. I think she was blonde, and in a tight dress in the beginning, and the guy was in his uniform. It was very, \"outer limits\" like, in that it wasn't an on going show, but an episode from a sci-fi series.
What is the significance of this character being given a name? In Solo: A Star Wars Story, we witness<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Han being given the name \"Solo\" during his application for Imperial flight training. More specifically, the officer asks Han who his \"people\" are, to which Han replies that he doesn't have any. The officer pauses, then decides to write down \"Solo\as though not having a \"people\" was out of the ordinary, and that he had to come up with something on the spot to enroll him.</blockquote>But considering the nature of the planet (tons of runaways, for example), I would have expected this to be a fairly common occurrence for people trying to \"get away\". Either enough for them to not require it, or at least have some default. Is being given a name in this fashion common, or is this the only time we see this happen in canon?
Seeking short story about the last of a species of thousand foot trees In the 1970s I read a story about the last of a species of thousand foot trees on a planet, being harvested for building material.  There are several \"last tree\" books and stories written since but I cannot find this one.  Any historians out there who recall this one?
What SciFi series has a female protagonist/pilot member of a small Earthly explorer corps? This is a series of novels probably written in the last 15-20 years. I read them about 8 years ago.The future Earth has many problems but it is not a dystopia. A means of FTL is discovered. It is easy to run (most ships require only a single crew member) but expensive to operate - Earth only builds and finances a very small number of the ships. The explorer corps (not capitalized because I do not think this is its proper name) is a very small group. Over time, it has grown smaller as Earth becomes more self-interested and less interested in paying the steep cost of learning about \"what's out there.\"The protagonist is a woman (who I think was petite and pretty but not beautiful). She had feelings for her mentor pilot who died before the events of the novels in the series. The novels are about how she personally survives the many pitfalls of exploring the Universe essentially by herself during her missions.Some of the novels included these events (a line item per novel):Rescue stranded science team, who was running out of air.Witnessing the collision of a terrestrial and Jovian planet as well as attempting to rescue a portion of the inhabitants they discover there while observing.Investigating a giant alien artifact discovered by the explorer corps.Investigate why stars are exploding for an unexplained reason and why that reason seems to be approaching the Earth (maybe in conjunction with #3).I can almost visualize the name of the author and/or the book names but it is buried just a bit too far back in my mind.
Children/Teen mystery novel about a detective I read a book when I was young about a male main character (I vaguely remember his name to be something similar to Maria, or starts with M, might be wrong) who arrives at some sort of hotel at a seaside and explores it to investigate some sort of super natural things going on inside. There was also a character who was called a Captain. The book art gave a bit of a Gothic cartoon vibe, featuring a drawing of the main character with the building behind I think. The book is in English. I believe this is also part of a series, as I remember reading more than one book about this character. I read this book  around ~7 to 10 years ago when I was still a young kid, borrowed it from a local library. Does anyone know what this is?
Male and female protagonists explore giant building with seated statue. Smoke spells out cryptic messages I am trying to identify the source book of a specific scene which I can't recall well. This was in an American science fiction book sometime probably at least 20 years ago. I remember that a not-very-technological male and female protagonist were exploring (flying somehow?) in a future, post-apocalyptic world, and in their travels they came upon a giant building, which contained a huge seated statue. I remember wondering if the building was meant to represent the Lincoln Memorial. They did not understand what the building was for, and wondered about it. I don't believe they were able to enter it. Also, the building seemed to be emitting smoke into the sky, which somehow spelled out cryptic messages one letter at a time, which could not be understood. They wondered at it a bit and moved on. The overall effect was a bit eerie and mysterious as I recall.I remember the style of the story having been in the general vein of Philip Jose Farmer's \"Dark is the Sun\or perhaps Bryan Aldiss' \"Hothouse\but I have looked at both of those and haven't been able to identify the scene. Clifford Simak had some things in a similar style, but I didn't find it there either.Any ideas?
What is the size of Skull Island in Kong:Skull Island (2017) movie? Gargantuan apes once thrived on the island for millions of years, before they were almost wiped out by Skullcrawlers, except for Kong. These beasts coexisted with other bizarre and large lifeforms on Skull Island. So what is the size (area) of the island based on the map in the movie?The size can be given in square kilometers, or it could also be said in reference to real world landforms (like the size of Texas, Sumatra etc).
Film involving modern soldiers in a jungle/forest fighting large vine creatures - similar feel to Predator I watched a film around 2005 that involved modern soldiers (possibly American) who are being stalked and killed one by one in a forest or jungle. The look and feel is similar to Predator - big GI's with vests, bulging muscles and heavy weaponry. However, it's not a humanoid they are fighting but a sort of infestation of large vines that attack by wrapping around victims and sucking all the fluid out them - leaving sort of emaciated and discoloured husks. The soldiers stumble across a few 'dehydrated' bodies that confuses and terrifies everyone (\"What the hell could have done that!?\" etc), and the threat is later revealed where you see a soldier killed gruesomely in front of everyone - I'm sure there is a moment where he is trapped and people try to rescue him, but as they get close he dies horribly. I was quite young and the imagery has stuck with me for a long time - it was quite dramatic in that creepy bad visual effects way like the end of Raiders Of The Lost Ark.I distinctly remember a scene where a soldier successfully blows up a bunch of the 'vines' with a grenade launcher - it might have been a rotating barrel grenade launcher or an under slung one on an M16 or similar. The plot might have involved an abandoned research station where Bad Things Happened(TM) that led to the current events, but I might just be confusing similar plots now so I'm not sure about that point. There may also have been a female researcher who acted as the foil to all the big muscly soldier types and who was interested in studying and finding out what was going on rather than just blowing everything up. I watched this late at night on a Sky box with hundreds of channels - it could have been anywhere to be honest.I'm unsure how old the film was but at the time I thought it was likely from the 90s. It may have been a feature film, a straight to TV film or part of a series I was unfamiliar with. 
Can a Slaver Disintegrator destroy a General Products Hull? The books say that the hull is indestructible (except to Antimatter) and that it is immune to all known weapons.But the books also say that the hull is a molecule, and that the Slaver Disintegrator disrupts the field that holds electrons to the nucleus. So it seems that the Disintegrator would be able to destroy the hull.
Baseball on Mars Searching for the title of a short story about kids playing baseball on Mars. Probably Asimov's or DAW World's Best. They could  only play 2 innings because the ball would travel so far, they'd get a home run almost every at-bat. It was really funny!
How Do Several Trees Merge Into One Hometree? According to Pandorapedia...<blockquote>  \"The name Hometree is misleading, as the structure is actually comprised of a grove of intertwined trees of the same species that have grown together, providing for mutual strength and structural reinforcement.\"</blockquote>Just to recap, a single Hometree averages 150 meters tall--a modest enlargement in comparison to the 115.5 meters of Earth's coast redwoods--but there is no info on width, which would help it immensely deal with the issue of height if the Hometree was Terran.Does anyone have a clear idea on how several small trees merge into one larger tree?
Was the footage received in Star Trek's The Menagerie also an illusion? In the two-parter The Menagerie, it is said that the footage we first thought was a record was in fact a broadcast from Talos IV.What does that mean, exactly? We clearly see past events, so I assume it is implied that the Talosians send an illusion that describes the past. Is that actually the correct interpretation?
Was Birgitte Silverbow remembering herself? Given the cyclical nature of the The Wheel of Time, it seems inevitable that everything has occurred before at some point. When Birgitte Silverbow finds herself<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   ripped from Tel'aran'rhiod by Moghedien and bonded as Elayne's warder,</blockquote>she says the following:<blockquote>  \"A Warder,\" Birgitte said slowly. \"I think I remember hearing a tale  of a female Warder, but it was in a life so long ago that I cannot  remember more than that.\"</blockquote>The Age of Legends did not have Warders, and the Forsaken stated that they did not even understand how the unique link worked. Therefore, it would seem that Birgitte is remembering something from a far-distant Age. Has Robert Jordan or anyone else 'official' commented on whether or not Birgitte is remembering herself.. that is, her current iteration from before?
Story about alien race which evolved from plants instead of animals I recall when I was young (about 30+ years ago) I saw on TV a movie about a humanoid alien race which evolved from plants instead of animals. I was about 6 or 8 so I don't remember much about it, but it might have been in black and white (though not completely sure).It had some horror tone to it, since aliens could destroy humans or something, though I don't know if it's possible to call it a \"horror movie\". And if I recall correctly they planted eggs or something similar to eggs to reproduce. The alien race might have been from Mars, thought not completely sure.Does anyone have an idea which movie it could be?
How did Chewbacca get a roast Porg? In Star Wars: The Last Jedi, Chewbacca is seen cooking what is apparently a porg over an open flame. He starts to eat it but then notices several porg watching him with looks of fear. Out of disgust or guilt he decides not to eat the bird. How did he get one to start cooking it in the first place?Did he kill and prepare it himself? This is the implication but seems odd considering the above. If that didn't bother him, why would he have had any problem with eating it?Did one of the natives (the temple guardians) sell it to him, already prepared? Perhaps Luke killed it and gave it to Chewie.Maybe it wasn't a porg, but was some other kind of less intelligent bird?
Why were the drug stampers dressed this way? At the very beginning of Season 2, Luke breaks up an operation that was putting his name on drugs, advertising them as \"bulletproof\".All the people putting the stamps on the drugs seem to be female, and dressed in their underwear. Why is this? Clearly it's not because it's extremely hot, because the guards are dressed. Is it meant to keep them uneasy, so they can be exploited better? So the guards can ogle them? Or what? 
Did Aunt Marguerite kill Belle\u2019s mother? Ok, so for those who didn\u2019t know, there were 2 original screenplays for the animated Beauty and the Beast. The first had Beauty\u2019s wicked sisters. The second one condensed the sisters into one character: Aunt Marguerite. She moved into Belle\u2019s mansion to look after the family after Belle\u2019s mother died. Given that she was like a wicked stepmother and she was obsessed with getting wealth and power, is there any evidence to suggest she killed Belle\u2019s mother?
A tv series with a meteorite Recently, someone told me about a series where a meteorite hits the earth. When a team goes to investigate it, they find out that the plants around the impact have mutated. After a while the team itself starts to undergo the effects. It really sounded like a good series but he couldn't remember the name, anyone that can help me?
Cartoon TV show with a group of dinosaurs I have this memory of a TV cartoon show with a bunch of dinosaurs (5, I guess), each with different colors and from different species. One was a triceratops, another was a diplodocus, but they were all the same size. They were really cartoonish.There were no humans, and the stories happened way before our time, hence they were discovering many things.I remember seeing that show as a child in France, so between 1995 and 2005.One of the episodes I remember is when they see a rainbow for the first time and they decide to build a raft to see its beginning. The whole episode was them rowing, imagining what it could be and giving it a name. They argue between \"Rainbow\" (\"Arc-en-ciel\" in French) and \"Color Acre\" (\"Arpent \u00e0 couleurs\" in French, not sure at all for English). Finally, they understand that they'll never get the rainbow and go back where they came from.Of course, this is NOT The Land Before Time, neither Denver.
Did Luke know about Kylo Ren's obsession with Darth Vader? One of the most notable aspects of Kylo Ren's character is his obsession with Darth Vader, evident in how he prays to Vader's charred helmet, how he tries to emulate him by wearing a mask, and even trying to obtain Anakin's lightsaber at the end of The Force Awakens.In The Last Jedi when<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Luke confronts Kylo Ren on Crait, we see Luke wielding the blue lightsaber.  While Luke probably did not know that the ligthsaber in question had been destroyed earlier, a common explanation that I have heard for why Luke chose to appear with a blue lightsaber instead of his green one was in an effort to taunt Kylo, since he coveted the weapon.</blockquote>However, I don't recall Luke ever mentioning that Ben was obsessed with (or at least interested in) Vader while Luke was training him; only that Luke had sensed darkness in Ben and that Snoke had already influenced him.In addition to that, I could not find any footage of Rey ever saying anything about it to Luke.  Is there any extant material to indicate that Luke was aware of Kylo Ren's obsession at any point?  If so, is there any indication that Luke chose to display the blue lightsaber for this reason?
Lone astronaut works with yesterday's self to repair space station I think this is a short story, I read it 30-40 years ago. A lone astronaut on a space station wakes to find someone bashing on his bedroom door. It is himself from tomorrow, offering to help him repair the space station, which is a two-person job. As the space station travels through the wormhole (I think that term is used), it becomes crowded with other time versions of himself. Does anyone remember the title and/or author?
Who was the first superhero to wear a cape in comics? Plain simple question: Who (and when) was the first superhero to wear a cape in comics?By cape I mean:Superman man typeMandrake typeBy cape I DON'T mean:Pelts, e.g., Hercules lion peltBy comic book I mean:comic books itselfcomic stripBy comic book I DON'T mean:Pulp magazines BUT if a superhero migrates from pulp to comics then is a valid target/answer.Books BUT if a superhero migrates from books to comics then is a valid target/answer.By superhero I mean:One hero with superpowers/technology that elevates his actions beyond normal human patterns.One without superpowers but face daily super villains as equal.One with absolute extreme training. E.g.: DC's Batman, Marvel's Hawkeye, Marvel's Shang-Chi.By superhero I DON'T mean:Religion saints/deities/gods or like are not superheroes UNLESS it's portrayed as superhero, e.g., Marvel's Thor or Marvel's Hercules.
How was this character killed in Babylon 5 season 3 finale? On Season 3 finale...<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Sheridan refuses to join the Shadows and after fighting them off-camera, they finally corner him on a balcony over an abyss. He is wounded but able to walk, step on the edge of the balcony and jump into the abyss, while his White Star \u2014armed with two nuclear bombs\u2014 crashes into (or nearby) the same place he is jumping from. At some point Sheridan dies, or at least that's what Lorien tells him.</blockquote>But how did this happen...?Was he so badly wounded in the fight?Was it because the blast/radiation of the explosion?Was he wounded when he was caught?Or \u2014the least likely\u2014 did he hit bottom? (which implies an instant death and the complete reconstruction/regeneration of his probably badly broken body, a thing Lorien is not supposed to be capable to do, because, as he says:<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">    \"I cannot create life, but I can breathe on the remaining embers...\")</blockquote>Is there any canon source/JMS commentary that explains the reason for this particular demise?
How was this character killed in Babylon 5 season 3 finale? On Season 3 finale...<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Sheridan refuses to join the Shadows and after fighting them off-camera, they finally corner him on a balcony over an abyss. He is wounded but able to walk, step on the edge of the balcony and jump into the abyss, while his White Star \u2014armed with two nuclear bombs\u2014 crashes into (or nearby) the same place he is jumping from. At some point Sheridan dies, or at least that's what Lorien tells him.</blockquote>But how did this happen...?Was he so badly wounded in the fight?Was it because the blast/radiation of the explosion?Was he wounded when he was caught?Or \u2014the least likely\u2014 did he hit bottom? (which implies an instant death and the complete reconstruction/regeneration of his probably badly broken body, a thing Lorien is not supposed to be capable to do, because, as he says:<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">    \"I cannot create life, but I can breathe on the remaining embers...\")</blockquote>Is there any canon source/JMS commentary that explains the reason for this particular demise?
Dystopian world split in half: rich and poor I am trying to remember a book I read years ago probably in the early 2000's, but I don't know how old the book is. But I do remember the basic plot.The world, or at least the country it is set in, is split in half. One half is a dystopian poorer world where crime rates are high and blood sports are the most popular form of entertainment. Libraries are all but abandoned. The protagonist lives in this half; he likes to read and longs to escape to the other half of the world/city.The world is split by a giant wall which I believe he tunnels under to get to the better half of the world, which is more like the countryside, rather than the city he has come from. Everyone is well educated and seems perfect. The protagonist gets to live with a wealthy family; the father takes him under his wing and teaches him about how to make bonsai trees. From this he finds out this father figure was once a rebel trying to let city people into their half, but bad behavior results in a partial lobotomy to make them calm. When the protagonist finds this out he tries to escape back to the city half of the world.For the life of me I cannot remember the books name. I've tried a Google search and get results like Nineteen Eighty-Four, which I expect the book I'm looking for took influence from.
Story about a planet with big sentient animals used as mounts I hope someone can help me ID this book and the author. I read it a very long time ago (must be about 20-25 years ago) as a older teen or tween and it was in German, but I am fairly sure it was translated from English. I am also fairly sure it was a well sized full novel, but could be wrong with that. I have spent some time on search engines, sci-fi sites and Wikipedia, but to no avail. I think the reason I cannot ID the story might be that I am remembering some parts incorrectly or mixing up books. Please keep this in mind, I know this doesn't make it easier. I used to believe it was written by Ursula K. Le Guin, but going through her titles I couldn't find a match. Here is what I think I remember:A planet with grasslands or farm lands or similar. A family clan or similar living in a huge mansion. Quite huge alien animals that are (ab)used as mounts but are actually sentient and I think have some telepathic abilities. Regularly there are 'ride out' events and in one of them the brother or friend or lover of the female main character is killed. The main character finds out about the mounts and sneaks into one of their habitats at night, in the end helps to free them and to change the society on the planet. I think you can see why due to the female main character and hidden subversity of the plot I thought of UKLG as the author. Again the disclaimer that I might be mixing things up or plainly remembering them incorrectly. Any ideas, comments or answers are greatly appreciated!
What happens if the Winter Soldier commands himself? The Winter Soldier can be programmed using Russian words, making him comply with whoever speaks those in front of him. What would happen if he, himself, speaks those words? Will he go into an infinite coma or he will be doing random stuff whatever comes to his mind? What could be the possible outcomes?Has this been covered in any canon Marvel works? Be it comics or cinematic?
Was the governing council of Zion also the new Zion seed population? In Matrix Reloaded, Neo asks Councillor Hamann, in a seemingly rather pointless rhetorical jab, why there only old men on the council.Later in the movie, we learn that the purpose of The One is to enter the source and disseminate his Oneness to the rest of the Matrix, while the city of Zion is systematically genocided. Before he goes, he gets to choose some number (20?) seed humans to begin repopulating the next iteration of Zion if the cycle continues.Is the reason that there are no young people on the council that they are the original seeds? Is Councilor Hamann in on it? Does he know about the certainty of the incoming genocide? It might give some color to some of his rationalizing talk about human-machine codependency.
Are there insects or spiders on Voyager? At the end of \"Homestead,\" as Neelix is preparing to permanently leave the ship, Tuvok stops him. Before he's able to speak, Tuvok looks down and grinds his foot into the ground for a few seconds. Is he smashing a bug?                            This is but one piece of circumstantial evidence. There may be more, but I'm unsure of them presently.
Novel about aliens retrieving human hybrids pre-birth I read this book back in the early 90s.  I think the cover had a pale tan/peach color background, with two people on the cover, both with eyes that were glowing, or at least solid white.It was called something like \"The Perseus Factor\".  I only remember some snippets from it:I think one of the main characters was a detective hired toinvestigate a disappearance.There are two aliens, and at one point they have sex, but instead of touching, they lay on opposite sides of a bed/table/device, and touch a projection of the other above them.Someone, I think one of the aliens gets killed in a fight.  I remember a snippet of dialog about the light going out of their eyes, and I think it was literal light, being aliens and all.The aliens had implanted alien hybrids into human women, and they were retrieving them.  They always refer to them as zygotes.At the end, a message gets sent to the alien homeworld/mothership/something, and the ending dialog says that it'll take ten years for the message to be received, and another ten for the aliens to arrive.
In Constantine, what were the ring-like items Isabel threw? In Constantine, what did Isabel drop before her suicide? It looks like a pair of rings.                            <br>(at 0:38)What was the meaning of throwing them off the roof first?
Story ID for dark urban fantasy novel from late 1990s I read a fantasy novel in the 1998 or 1999 that I'm trying to identify. The most specific thing I remember was a scene where the main character was sneaking through a building and he saw a naked armless troll writhing around on the floor and there was a very specific description of the troll's penis as being worn raw. Pretty gross, but that's why it stuck with me.The book was in English and was probably American. It was a dark urban fantasy novel with lots of explicit sex and violence, probably over the top to the point of cheesiness. It had all the standard fantasy creature like elves and trolls and I'm pretty sure it was set in a fantasy world not in a variant of our world. I can't confirm when it was written, but it was on the new books shelf at my library so it was likely written in the late 90s. I don't recall the cover image as the book didn't have a jacket. I'm pretty sure it was hardcover.I don't think it was written by a major fantasy author like Michael Moorcock or Terry Brooks, as I was reading those authors and probably would have remembered. I also don't think it was explicitly part of a series of books, but it could have been the first book in something that became a series. It also wasn't part of a some larger franchise, like a Dungeons and Dragons or Magic: The Gathering novel.I wish I remembered more, but that one scene was all that really stuck with me.
Can the Night King walk through wildfire? White Walkers can be eliminated by using fire. However, there are some cases that happened (in the series), where the Night King either walked right through it or the radiance of their coldness are far superior than the dragon fire's strength. (I have no idea whether a dragon's fire is just a normal fire).Wildfire has been used to defeat Stannis and his alliances when he invaded King's Landing. Wildfire caused explosions that burned Stannis' fleet. Wildfire even surpassed a normal fire since its strength cannot be diminished by the water.With the level a Wildfire has, is the Night King still able to walk through it? As far as I know, Wildfire can cause worse damages than normal fire.Note: I haven't read the books yet.
What's the song in the background of this video? The \"noticable\" part starts around 1:40 in                             I believe Lucas King made the song, but not sure. Hope that helps.
Film about a guy who wakes up to messages on the inside of his window, multiple times, when no one else is living there He initially wipes the messages off but then decides to try and work out what is going on by going to some of the places that the messages say - one mentions a girl and an alleyway but of course he doesn't know which one. He, at one point, is being followed by a shadowy figure that turns out to be the dad of the girl that the guy is trying to help/he makes friends with. We eventually find out that his future self is essentially taking control of his past self whilst he's sleeping to write these messages, though I don't think he's always in control of it.I think it was made within the last ten years and probably a lower-budget film. There are more scenes I remember but I think I'm mixing films up so I don't want to confuse things.
Aliens come to the solar system to speak with our sun 70's era (I think) science fiction story.  Aliens come to the solar system to speak with our sun.  They believe stars are sentient.  First contact story but aliens are not much interested in humanity.  Think the aliens were described as looking similar to small giraffes.
80's-90's short story: nothing rhymes with orange Growing up in the 80's and 90's, I read a sci-fi short story once about the human race being threatened by androids.The character in the story was talking to his friend about the androids, discussing possible ways to defeat them.  The boy says that when the androids encounter a problem they can't solve it blows their circuits, and suggested as an example the problem of finding a word that rhymes with \"orange.\"  As it turned out, the friend was an android and the problem blew his circuits.  I have looked but can't find the story.  If anyone here has an idea I'd love to know.
Time travel where nothing can come back If I remember right, this was a short story or novella. It was published either in the mid-50s, around Asimov's time, or sometime in the early '00. I read a lot of Asimov around then, as well as Analog SFF, so it's possible it was in the magazine.What I can remember:There are an increasing number of malnourished, emaciated people being found in parks and alleys, seemingly just showing up. A detective is given the cases. Through the typical police work, he find the identity of the latest victim, an older man, which records indicate should only be in his 20s.I think now that he has an identity, the detective traces through the man's life, eventually tracking him back to some scientific facility. Here my memory of the story is kind of blank.By the end of the story, we find out that time travel exists, and they have been sending people back in time. But it turns out that nothing from the past can come back (not even information), so anything the person ate or drank in the past wouldn't come back. Depending on the length of their stay, any nourishment that was incorporated into their bodies didn't come back, and so the trip back basically kills them.There might have been a scene where one of the scientists, while on a trip to the past, has figured out what is going on, and is trying to get a book/notes/something relevant back to the future to warn them. Or this could be a memory of something else entirely, thus it's not with the description above.
What did the Fairy Godmother do to Doris? In Shrek 2, just before Shrek interrupts the Fairy Godmother (Dama Fortuna) making Love Potion No. 9 for Fiona, you can see 2 pictures of Doris the stepsister from earlier at the Poison Apple, one saying \"Before\" and one saying \"After\". The \"Before\" one is of her looking like a man and the \"After\" one is of her looking like a woman. But earlier in the film, Doris still looks like a male. So did The Fairy Godmother screw her over or something?
War/Terrorism where Pocket Calculator Deletes Reality I may have read this novel/novella in the &rsquo;80s or &rsquo;90s, not sure exactly. The setting was mostly in a near-future Connecticut, but not entirely.The premise was that someone had invented a way to &ldquo;delete&rdquo; chunks of reality using a gizmo no more complicated than a pocket calculator; when you deleted a chunk of reality, it didn&rsquo;t magically adjust physical records of its existence, but nobody would remember it. It was just as easy to undelete the chunk of reality, which would also restore people&rsquo;s memories of it - but only the gizmo that deleted a chunk could undelete it.The story was mostly about a civil war (Beirut-style, not US-1860-style) or terrorism conducted with these gizmos.
Anime about demons that take over Earth they were created by humans. Girls called fairies fight them to take earth back Anime about girls called fairies that fight demons on Earth. The main character is a guy that fought one of the demons with 3 friends, 2 of the friends died in the fight and he killed the demon but got frozen in time.When he gets unfrozen he gets a job to look after the girls. During the job he learns the girls are called fairies and use swords that no one else can use to kill the demons. The fairies don\u2019t live past the age of 15 and die to the demons or to the memories of there past lives. So he teaches them how to fight and also repairs their swords in the hopes they would live longer.He falls in love with one of the girls/fairies; she has blue hair and is the strongest fighter and she dies in the end and gets reborn again. That\u2019s all I can remember, doesn\u2019t anyone know what this is?
What's the deal with Dr. Ailat? Dr. Ailat was mentioned many times as the CMO of the USS Stargazer in The Autobiography of Jean-Luc Picard, but he doesn't even have a Memory Alpha page. What's going on here?
Why can\u2019t \u201cone who dislikes the questioner\u201d be right? In Half-Blood Prince, as Harry is going towards his first \u2018class\u2019 with Dumbledore, he passes Trelawney in one of the corridors. Hiding behind a statue, he overhears her Divining with a pack of tarot cards (or whatever they are exactly) while she thinks she\u2019s quite alone and unheard. She says:<blockquote>  \u2018Two of spades: conflict,\u2019 she murmured, as she passed the place where Harry crouched, hidden. \u2018Seven of spades: an ill omen. Ten of spades: violence. Knave of spades: a dark young man, possibly troubled, one who dislikes the questioner \u2013\u2019<br>   &nbsp; She stopped dead, right on the other side of Harry\u2019s statue.<br>   &nbsp; \u2018Well, that can\u2019t be right,\u2019 she said, annoyed, and Harry heard her reshuffling vigorously as she set off again, leaving nothing but a whiff of cooking sherry behind her.    Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, ch. \u2018The House of Gaunt\u2019</blockquote>As far as I can tell, we never see another reference to this. She sees conflict, an ill omen, violence, and a dark young man who dislikes the questioner, whatever exactly that may mean.But apparently, that can\u2019t be right. Something is wrong about this combination, even though it seems to fit Trelawney\u2019s usual style of death, gloom, and horror at every step.Why is that? What is it that can\u2019t be right about this prediction?And for bonus points: what is the reference to the dark young man who dislikes the questioner all about? The only thing I can think of is Harry being questioned by Umbridge, but that was a year earlier\u2026
Short story. Parallel Earth. Woman scientists in each that do Flash Jokes I read this in an anthology a few years ago, however a particular plot line should help date when it was published.A female scientist enters the Institute she runs and logs on. It soon becomes clear she is in contact with her counterpart in a parallel Earth.They've both had a failed relationship with the same love rat and are both in the same job.Earth 2 has some differences, another astronaut took 'one small step' and some major historical battles had different outcomes, most things are on a similar development track.In both worlds the women are making fortunes from unpublished works by major authors etc. They discuss films and our world scientist mentions Casablanca, the other woman has never heard of it. She checks her database and declares it's some old turkey of a movie starring Ronald Reagan and Anne Sheridan and poorly rated.Our scientist instantly offers to trade for the Humphrey Bogart version and explains to Earth 2 that Reagan is now Governor of California (thus dating this story).Earth 2 woman is nonplussed and queries this based on some film Reagan made with a monkey.At this point another transmission comes over A A A A A and they realise yet another parallel Earth is making contact. There follows a computer 'handshake' and they are soon chatting with Earth 3. They quickly establish they are all the same scientist with the same failed love affair and exchange a few Flash Gordon Earth 2 jokes and new woman asks if the others have a finished Edwin Drood novel in their worlds.The story finishes with scientist 1 saying \"Sooner or later, one of us will\" implying that there would be a lot more Earths to contact  
Was Danny 'Brick' Brickwell from Arrow created for the T.V. series or the comics? I purchased a DC Comics Encyclopedia recently and it doesn't have Danny Brickwell in it.  Was the character created for the television series or was he first introduced in the comics and omitted from the Encyclopedia?
Sci-fi novel about a planet w/ a dying sun, bird-like or penguin-like beings, telepathy, and blue-green crystals? I would love some help on this.  Not sure if I read it in the 80s, 90s, or early 00s, so I don't know how old it is, but I don't think it was written before the mid-80s.  I have vague recollections of it, but certain imagery stuck with me.The story centers on a planet with a dying sun, not sure if it was earth or not; and a race of beings that are bird-like or possibly dolphin-like, but I've always pictured them more penguin-like, and all black.  IIRC, there is a family - just a couple with 1 offspring - who are the last survivors on this world, which is becoming dark and cold.  They are telepathic, do not communicate vocally, and can access memories of other beings who once lived on the planet but are now extinct, so the novel switches back and forth between the stories of those other beings (humanoid, I think?) and these bird-like creatures who are the last ones left and dying also.There was something important about the water on the planet, and a rectangular or square sort of pool they lived in, with straight vertical walls outlining its perimeter, and also a sort of bluish-greenish irridescent watery crystal kind of thing, maybe diamond-shaped, that they focused on to access the memories/images in their minds' eyes and/or to communicate.  I think they wore it on a pendant.  The ending was very sad and melancholy, as they knew they would die as the sun was dying, but also the memories of all who had lived there would die with them, or maybe their offspring/child dies before they do (not sure about that).  There may have been something about these beings having come from another world and now they knew they'd never make it back home (again, not sure), or maybe it ended with one lonely survivor left and about to die.  I'm pretty sure it was a novel with several story lines and not an anthology of short stories, but I do remember that there were stories of other beings in surroundings distinctly different from the dark, cold, dying planet at the end.  I think the book's cover was mostly black with an outline of that pool and a glimmer of the dying sun.  That's all I remember.  I searched the questions but didn't find anything that sounded like it.  Been trying for years to find it again.  Ring any bells?
Can the Logrus move under someone trying to walk it? All the descriptions that I remember of the Logrus describe it as \"constantly moving\" or similar, does this mean that someone walking it has to move fast before the area they're standing on moves out from under them and, given what happens if you step off the Pattern having started, they get destroyed?
Short story: Cop chasing serial killer, both are shape shifting aliens I'm looking for the title of a short story I read years ago.It is about a cop chasing down a serial killer but it turns out both of them are actually aliens and the cop turns into a blob and envelopes the other alien until it dies.It was part of an anthology.  I read it maybe 7 years ago but the anthology could have been much older than that.  For some reason I keep thinking it was in a horror anthology as opposed to to a straight up sci-fi anthology.  The story takes place on Earth and it reads like a standard cop/detective story but then you get to the end and boom you get the alien twist.
90s sci-fi book- post-apocalyptic telepathic society that lives within a walled area; people who don't develop telepathy get killed I read this book most likely in the early 90s. I have quite a few details from the beginning of the book: After some disaster or war, humans developed telepathy and walled off most of the outside world. They believe the rest of humanity to be dead and no one lives outside the wall. Telepathy is a requirement; after a certain age, if you haven't developed it you are killed. They have a strange term for telepathy, but I don't remember what it was.Main protagonist is male. His wife was killed by the powers that be because she lost her telepathic bond after an illness. He therefore holds a grudge against his society. He also is able to do some mental tricks that technically aren't allowed, like placing suggestions in others' minds. As it turns out, there are humans living in a primitive society on the other side of the wall. They live in a structured society segregated by gender. Men must eat out of red bowls and such, and the women must use stuff of another color. They are in a crisis because all the men are getting sick and dying; unbeknownst to them, the substance used to color the red items contains lead and is poisoning the men. The women decide to take matters into their own hands and break through the wall to kidnap some dudes, one of which is our protagonist. There's also a character who has reached the cut off age but hasn't developed telepathy and is sentenced to die but ultimately gets rescued. After these beginning details, I can't remember squat. I really want to reread this and discover how it ended.
Short story from anthology (1960s-1970s) about astronaut in a zoo on a future Earth I borrowed this anthology (possibly with \"2000\" in the title) from the young adult section of my local library in the UK in probably the mid 1970s. There was a specific adult science fiction section in the library, so I am presuming it was written for young adults.The main story I remember was possibly called \"The Zoo\". A group of school children are wandering around a zoo and looking at an alien in a cage. At the end of the story the viewpoint is switched and the alien is a human astronaut who has returned to Earth to find it is far in the future. He wonders how it is that mankind has changed so much in the interim, as they now have three legs.There was another story in the anthology about a man meeting the devil and going down in an elevator. Within it is the old adage, \"if you eat with a long spoon you will sup with the devil\but it's not the Wyndham story and I can't remember any more detail about what happens to him.
Does Cull Obsidian have limb regeneration? In the initial fight between \"the Children of Thanos\" and Tony Stark, Dr Strange, David Banner and Wong, Wong opens a portal to a cold, snowy wilderness - presumably somewhere in the Himalayas since Wong would be familiar with the area and Cull Obsidian falls through, and when he tries to jump back through, Wong closes it and he has his arm severed at the elbow. At the end of the movie in the final battle, he accompanies Corvus Glaive and Proxima Midnight and fights Banner who is wearing a Hulk sized Iron Man suit and he has both arms again. Is this a goof by the writers, or does he have some power to regenerate lost limbs?
Short story anthology, one story was about a leathery alien thing that had a fight with a bear I'm trying to find a sci-fi anthology I owned as a child from the early 80s/late 70s.  I think it was published in the UK by St Michael (Marks &amp; Spencer), but possibly not as I can't find it under that publisher.There is a St Michael sci-fi anthology called Beyond the Stars: Tales of Adventure in Time and Space, but that's not it as I think the book I remember contained the Ray Bradbury story \"A Sound of Thunder\though memory does play tricks...As I recall, one of the other stories was about a leathery alien thing that sort of rolled along and at one point had a fight with a bear (I think).  I recall that the alien thing in the story was sort of oval and leathery and that it used a knife blade to kill the bear.  I think the story or possibly the alien thing's name began with an \"O\". Some of the stories had illustrations.  Unfortunately I can't remember anything about the other stories in the collection.  Does anyone know what the anthology might be?
Anime: people are on a space ship that never lands, something aboard the ship that's very dark, old enough to have been on VHS I remember this anime vaguely but it made me feel quite creeped out, I don't think it had multiple parts but it certainly could have.  Possibly people were cryogenically asleep or something? I seem to recall maybe a black goo involved with the antagonist but maybe not.It's not the episode of Cowboy Bebop with the rotten sandwich, it was 100% dark, little humor if any, and they didn't land at all - very isolated.
Movie where a blind girl has three guys trying to kill her, shoots them with revolver after sensing them I remember watching a movie where a young girl (16-21 probably) is blind. Even though I don't remember the whole movie the ending of the movie was that there's a house where the final scene takes place and there are three guys trying to kill her.I think she is left upstairs and these guys come searching for her. Luckily, she has a revolver and tries to shoot them, but runs out of bullets and starts loading it. After reloading, she manages to shoot each of them after identifying them through some echolocation technique or some other technique that blind people use. I watched it between 2008-2011. On TV. It was in English.
A creative online short story written about artificial intelligence As best as I can remember the story is about a female protagonist who has grown extremely discontent with her (now) immortal life. She was one of the original programmers who helped create this omnipotent computer which once built, became self-aware, and made \u201cthe change\u201d. Where everyone in reality became virtual gods basically. There was no longer any scarcity, you can think anything into existence, have almost anything you want as long as it doesn\u2019t go against the set rules of the computer. An example of something not allowed is suicide.As our main protagonist is always trying to push the logical boundaries of what can be done, she creates a new sport. This is essentially death games where any challenger can enter into the world of your creation and battle through whatever maze of traps and challenges to win a prize. <blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Eventually she finds the original creator of the computer, and they realize that the computer has the ability to reverse the original event that made humanity what they are today, so long as the computer deems it is for the greater good of mankind. Through a series of logical loops, they are able to convince it that humanity needs to basically control their own destiny again.</blockquote>
Did they know Ash VS Evil Dead was ending when making the final episode? Ash VS Evil Dead ended a few months ago after three seasons. The ending of the show was exciting, and not unreasonable I think. The big thing is that, unlike Seasons 1 and 2, there was no real cliffhanger....ish. The plot lines had been more or less wrapped up is what I am trying to say. That is pretty unusual, with the ending taking the kind of turn that I could not see them having continued for a fourth season picking up from the third. Don\u2019t get me wrong, I\u2019d have watched it and loved it, but it was very much a cowboy riding off into the sunset sort of thing. Maybe you want to know later adventures of the cowboy, but the story has ended here. It wasn\u2019t announced that the series was cancelled until after the series was being broadcast. That combined with the ending sounds to me like they knew they were hitting the end and worked to wrap up the story. But when I\u2019ve gone to try to find anything about it, all I see is the announcement of the cancellation, Bruce saying he\u2019s not doing Ash anymore, and announcement of a video game tie-in. Is there any indication in an interview or something in which the creators talk about knowing the series was ending and deliberately writing it to a close?For a little bit of context, I keep thinking about The Tripods series, where they found out halfway through filming the final episode that it would be the final episode. So they very quickly wrote in an ending which would not be a cliffhanger but if by some miracle they got a third season, they could have reasonably picked up from that point. 
Time span in Lord of Light by Zelazny - age of Yama Re-reading Lord of Light, I'm a bit confused by the timeline. To be exact, by this remark which ruins my previous idea of the colonization time span:<blockquote>  Hear me, country cousin,\" said Jan. \"Do you remember a snot-nosed brat of dubious parentage, third generation, named Yama?</blockquote>But we do know from the very beginning that Yama was half as old as the Celestial City itself and that he was at least thousand years old at the time they resurrected Sam:<blockquote>  I find that hard to believe, after witnessing at least a thousand years of your treachery (Yama to Mara).</blockquote>An additional piece of information is that Tak the ape was at that time 17 incarnations old (about thousand years as well, if we take the usual 60-years reincarnation period in the Temples mentioned in the novel a couple of times).I had always thought that the Celestial City (= human colony) was about 2000 years old, which makes sense (Zelazny often mentions \"ages\that would not work, if the planet was colonized just a couple of ages before). But now I've noticed that third generation mention. If Yama really comes from the third generation of colonists, he should be much younger, as well as the colony itself (even if the generation is 100 years, which is not the case - their bodies do wear out as usual!).Might it be a plot hole? Might it be that I miss something from the text?Maybe we should just consider Yama a grandson of someone among the Firsts (but NOT of their first bodies)? In those terms, Tak of the Archives would be a second-generation brat, being Sam's son, and Tak's child would be the third generation, regardless of the year of birth.
Sci-fi movie with highly intelligent humans, the higher ones being very old Around 6 year ago, I watched a sci-fi movie that I would like to watch again. But... Sadly I do not have much to go on.All I can remember is there was this group of highly intelligent humans (possible living in space) that looked after and breed humans to extend their own life...I can remember one of the higher beings, being very old like 200 years old etc... and can remember some group of people finding out about what they were doing.The movie was not vampire- or AI-related.
Is Dumbledore still on par with Voldemort after wounding his hand by the curse in Marvolo Gaunt's ring before the start of book 6? In book 6, Dumbledore wounded his hand by the curse on Marvolo Gaunt's ring. Does this suggest that the curse slightly diminished Dumbledore's power, and Dumbledore is now weaker than Voldemort, so this prompted Rufus Scrimgeour to place more Aurors around Hogwarts to guard the campus?  
90s B-rated horror movie with a haunted house I remember watching a movie when I was around 6-8 (1990 - 1992) in Brazil, what makes the film has benn released probably around 3 years before at least.In this movie there was this house that was haunted by some kind of witch/spirit/demon or something. I remember the title in portuguese having the word \"bruxa\" (wicth in Portuguese), so I will call this thing witch.I remember a few scenes of this movie:A family moves to this house and the house was next to a cliff with the sea on the cliff.There was a man wearing a crucifix and he was proud of his \"protection.\" After being captured he is crucified and then fired at the cross.There was an old woman, who was tied to a chair and had her lips pierced by two people who looked like cavemen by their clothes and hair. Then she was burned in the fireplace.There was girl called Jane around her 16's or 18's who gives a little boy called Tommy (that was maybe her sibling or cousin) a toy recorder as a gift.In this scene the Jane demonstrates to Tommy how the toy works and she records the phrase: \"Jane loves Tommy\".After she leaves, Tommy records several times the phrase: \"I love you Jane\".In the end of the movie, the above mentioned recording is what defeats the witch, in a scene wherethe witch attacks Tommy and he drops the voice recorder, wich makes it starts playing the \"I love you Jane\" phraserepeatedly. This makes the witch insane and she suicides jumping through a window in the house and falling on the cliff.
Looking for short story, prehistoric young man returning to tribe, giant bugs I\u2019m looking for a science fiction short story. My memory is a little hazy but I believe the story was about a prehistoric young man who was traveling to return to his tribe and had to deal with giant bugs and the like. May have included giant mushrooms etc. I think I read it in the 80s or 90s.
70's-80's animated series, main character named Blue, who was possibly the last man It's an old animated series from either the 70's or early to mid 80's. It was shown on our cable TV, but I cannot find it on the list of shows on TCC.I am sure the title character was named Blue, in addition to being blue and I remember a line from the title song as \"Blue, the future lies (or rests) with you!\" I have no idea whether the original language was English, but that was the language of the title song.I am unsure, but I think the antagonist of the show was named \"the warlord\" and that Blue was the last man (or one of them).
90s Sci-Fi series about a vigilante with a bullet proof suit I'm trying to find an old series that I saw on TV in the 90s.I don't remember exactly the plot just fragments but it was about a vigilante of some sort. I remember he had a cool black costume that had some sort of force field around it that made it bullet proof. I remember a motorcycle too (not sure though) which also had the same force field.It was a short TV series or maybe it was a pilot for something that didn't make it into a series.
How many animated Smurfs movies have been made? I mostly curious, but how many animated Smurfs movies were made?I figured that there had to be more than 2 at least.
Was Nagini the only snake which could become human? Recently launched trailer of Fantastic Beast 2: Crimes of Grindelwald has proved that being Animagus (I don't have proper word) was Nagini's inherent quality, not something assisted by Voldemort when she had became Bathilda Bagshot.                            Which kind of snake Nagini really is? What species she belong to? Or, is she the only snake who is Animagus?
Where does Koloss skin come from? As Koloss grow, their skin goes from super loose to stretching and breaking.<blockquote>  It was a creature of smaller size\u2014perhaps six feet tall. It was man-shaped, with two arms and legs, though its neck was hard to distinguish. It was completely bald. The oddest feature, however, was its blue skin, which hung loose and folded.    [...]    Like... a person wearing a mask made of skin, Sazed thought, trying to push away his disgust. So... their body continues to grow, but their skin doesn't?    His thought was confirmed as a massive, ten-foot-tall beast of a koloss wandered into the group. Smaller creatures scattered before this newcomer, who thumped up to the fire, where several horses were roasting.    This largest creature's skin was pulled so tight it was beginning to tear. The hairless blue flesh had ripped around the eyes, at the edges of the mouth, and around the massive chest muscles. Sazed could see little trails of red blood dripping from the rips. Even where the skin wasn't torn, it was pulled taut\u2014the nose and ears were so flat they were almost indistinguishable from the flesh around them.<br>  Well of Ascension - Chapter 19</blockquote>They are also fairly violent creatures who fight a lot. Which, of course, damages the skin more.<blockquote>  One of the koloss beside Sazed howled in sudden anger. Sazed spun as the koloss jumped at one of its companions. The creature ignored the sword on its back, instead punching his enemy's head with a blocky fist. The others paused, turning to watch the fight, but none of them seemed alarmed.    Sazed watched with growing horror as the aggressor proceeded to repeatedly pummel his enemy. The defender tried to protect himself, getting out a dagger and managing to score a cut on the aggressor's arm. The blue skin tore, seeping bright red blood, as the aggressor got his hands around his opponent's thick head and twisted.<br>  Well of Ascension - Chapter 19</blockquote>But Koloss also reuse the skin when creating new Koloss.<blockquote>  Vin rushed ahead, cutting him off just as he reached the tent with the wounded. \"Human,\" she said warily. \"What are you doing?\"    He ignored her, slamming the dead koloss down on the ground. Now, finally, Human ripped the skin off the corpse. It came off easily\u2014this was one of the smaller koloss, whose skin hung in folds, far too large for its body.    Human pulled the skin free, causing several of the watching guards to groan in disgust.    [...]    A spike. A small metal spike driven into the side of the dead koloss. There was a rip of blue skin beside the spikehead, as if...    As if the spikes were holding the skin in place, Vin thought. Like nails holding cloth to a wall.<br>  The Hero of Ages - Chapter 37</blockquote>(all bolded emphasise mine)So if the skin is reused, but also extremely prone to damage, where does new skin come from when they need to replace one?
Zombie movie that takes place on each season and I can\u2019t find it A while ago (more than 3 years), I have seen a zombie movie which I just can\u2019t find again.I remember that the movie was split in 4 parts, each part taking place in one of each season. I remember that in winter a man finds a house with a kid inside. The kid tells him that he has been living by himself since the outbreak began and his parents and brother are dead. After a while they decide to leave the house, because they had no supplies left. I also remember a woman that was living in a farm by herself. She had managed to capture a zombie and keep his as her guard. She even named him. One night 3 guys attack her, but she manaegs to kill them. Also in autumm I believe, a man that is being sick is taking inside a safehouse by some survivors. They had a doctor and I remember the building was made with bricks. Also after some time I think the sick man wanted to leave desperately, but I dont rememeber why. In the last part of the movie the kid, and the man are being killed by the woman in the farm, because she thought they were going to atack her again while they were passing by her farm.The movies seemed to be fan-made or something like that, or low budget, and also it didn't seem to have known actors.
Scifi short story-aliens with inscrutable thinking have taken over Earth, one alien in charge of each continent The main character is a human who has risen to be the assistant to the alien in charge of North America because he can understand their inscrutable thinking a little better than most.It's a mystery why the aliens have taken over Earth as they don't seem to want anything from Earth or enjoy being in charge.
How did Garland initally travel backwards in time? At the beginning of the game, the Warriors of Light, Garland, and the Four Elemental Fiends are already caught well within the time loop.2000 years before the Warriors of Light appear, Garland's hatred for the Warriors corrupts the elements and creates the Fiends. The Fiends are then sent forward in time using Garland's newfound power and, in the present, the Fiends use their combined power to send a dying Garland backwards.My question is: How did Garland initially end up 2000 years in the past?Is this addressed in any related media (such as the novelisation Memory of Heroes)? Within the game itself?
Trying to recall a sci-fi book about elitists uploading their mind into computer to gain immortality I vaguely remember reading this book in which there was an elitist group trying to gain immortality by uploading themselves into a computer(simulation). Each created their own world. Our hero somehow ends up in some of these worlds. Most are against him - but one of the elitists (I think with an exotic 'Hawaiian' ring to his name) modelled a nature-world (or jungle... insects) and tried to help the hero.Tried googling, but \"fiction\" combined with \"upload mind\" or \"virtual reality\" gives too broad results.
What does Ravenclaw mean by being clever? As far as I am concerned, one is sorted into Ravenclaw when being highly intelligent or wise or scholar type.In the real world, intelligence can be understood in different ways. Like there are people who are genius engineers, but struggle with simple grammar or those who extremely good in understanding other people's motives, but bad in math, or those who got wise views, but are not educated in general etc.One would not question that Hermione is highly intelligent for example - she got all the features we normally see as signs of high IQ level: she is a scholar type with a good logical thinking, ability to analyze information, can understand other people well and find productive solutions in difficult situations.But some Ravenclaw students does not seem that obvious which made me wonder what part of their personality was seen as \"cleverness\".Gilderoy Lockhart does not seem as clever at all - he fails to predict the outcomes of his own actions, not capable of reading other people's reactions, is quite an incompetent wizard (apart from his memory charms) and even does not seem to value cleverness that much (he want to be famous for his bravery and heroic deeds, not necessarily intelligence).Luna Lovegood. However I love Luna (who doesn't?) she doesn't seem to be particularly smart or scholar. She does show some amount of unexpected wisdom, but nothing we usually expect from people with high IQ level.Cho Chang. We don't really know much about her, but she doesn't strike as an extra smart either. Why would it be her main feature of all?I do not state the people in question were dumb, in fact I do believe all of them had their own share of wit. But the concept of being clever for Ravenclaw seems so vague that it looks like pretty anyone could be sorted in there, apart from some total trolls like Crabbe and Goyle. So at the end of the day being a Ravenclaw says nothing about one's personality. My impression is they are just those who does not possess any prominent features required for other houses.
Book with an itinerant protagonist who is attacked by a floating head I think I read this about 13-15 years ago, around 2002-2005, having learned of it online. The protagonist was male, I think of Japanese descent. He was always on the move, either breaking into a building to sleep, or picking up a girl at a bar to have a place to sleep. The book opened with him slipping out on his latest conquest. I think he meets a girl and then she disappears, and later that night, he's attacked by a floating head that comes through his window (that time, I think he was slumming in a building he'd broken into, maybe a laundromat?). I want to say the floating head is explicitly noted as a rokurokubi, the Japanese spirit. He pound it to the ground by impaling it through the ear with his knife, and interrogates it, confirming that he was its target. I think the daylight kills it.In the end, he winds up in some sort of reality-warping fight with the villain, something which I want to say involved a clay amulet or necklace, which is broken by the end of the conflict, with the very end confirming that he still has powers.The book was in English, and I think I got it from the library in Newark, OH where I was living at the time. I remember the cover being dark, maybe black, with at most minimalist cover art. I keep wanting to say that black arrows had something to do with the title, but that detail is hazy. There may have been a sequel, but if so, I don't remember any details about it.
90s/early 2000s animated Superman TV show episode in which Superman goes rogue under the influence of a sea star-like creature Many years ago, I caught an episode of an animated Superman show done in the iconic Bruce Timm style of Batman: The Animated Series. I've tried to figure out if the episode was from a Justice League series, Superman's own title, or something else I don't remember.Some details about the show follow, but I could be conflating more than one show. Or episodes of the same show, for that matter. All manner of apologies if so.Superman is working with a team of other superheroes to stop... some plot, and I didn't see the whole thing to know what it was.A missile - an ICBM, perhaps? - is launched, and the heroes have to stop itOne character I didn't know (I think I remember wings and a red suit?) was pushing the missile and was in physical contact with itAt some point... <blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   the bomb detonates, vaporizing whoever the character was on the missile</blockquote>After viewing video footage of the event, it turns out...<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Superman detonated the missile with his heat vision, deliberately murdering the other character.</blockquote>Wonder Woman (I believe) and some others go to Batman for help. When Batman sees the video footage, he...<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   gets a bit of kryptonite he's storing in the Batcave; when asked why he had it, he says, \"He's gone rogue before,\" or something to that effect (not an exact quote)</blockquote>In the end, it turned out...<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Supes had been suffocated to unconsciousness by an alien creature similar to a sea star. It took over his body and was using it to protect itself and position itself to take over the Earth.</blockquote>And it all started when...<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Superman had to rescue a spaceship full of weird creatures taken by someone for their own amusement; a zoo, of sorts, basically. Some of the aliens in the ship, contained in simulated environments for each of them, were sapient...like the sea star. Superman couldn't return them home because whoever owned the ship was...killed, maybe? during the fight with Supes, and he didn't know where they'd all come from, let alone how to get them back to wherever they came from. So he kept the ship under his Fortress of Solitude.</blockquote>It was at least a two-part episode of the show.That's about all I can recall, and the details, again, could be off, or at least a conflation of other shows/episodes of the same show. But my Google-Fu fails me whenever I try to find it online.
Are the Fremen cannibals? I saw a debate recently on Facebook but can't find it now, I've searched in loads of FB forums looking for it since, someone (convincingly) spelled out step by step why the Fremen ate the meat of their dead after they had reclaimed the water. Allegedly there are hints in the first 3 Dune books about this issue.Does anyone know about this?
Why didn't the PPDC consider rebuilding Crimson Typhoon? So I watched Pacific Rim again last week, and one scene stuck in my head since then, the destruction of Crimson Typhoon in the battle of Hong Kong Bay.Compared to the Jaegers that were destroyed in the first movie, Crimson Typhoon is the least damaged Jaeger out of the 4 remaining Jaegers prior to their respective destruction scenes. I mean, the head was just ripped off and nothing else, albeit some fall damage after it fell into the Bay, but that is the extent of the damage overall, right? I mean, when compared to Cherno Alpha, Typhoon got off easy.So then that raises the question, if the PPDC reinstated the Jaeger program after the battle of the Breach, why wasn't the reconstruction of Crimson Typhoon considered in the slightest?
Eighties novel about robot killers who look like kids assassinating various military leaders, politicians and scientists This was a hardback book from a UK library \u2013 I read it in the late eighties. No memories of the book cover.<br>Some may say this is just a \u2018techno thriller\u2019 but there was a strong robot element.What I remember, evil organisation (or Cold War enemy) with bad scientists is having a go at world domination. They begin by assassinating various military leaders, politicians and scientists.One weapon deployed are robots that look like cute little kids (This is NOT \"Second Variety\" by PKD) and these robots approach their targets at home, pleading for help. Once they're at close range they explode and kill the leaders and anyone else within several yards.There is a frantic race on between the good defender teams and the evil killer teams, one side trying to stop the killer robots and the other side trying to carry out the hits.One bit I recall is a couple of kid robots have strolled into a chocolate shop and are acting enthusiastic for white chocolate. This was to gain the owners trust so they could get a scientist's address.
What does Vinculus mean about Strange and Norrell at the end? The ending was really complicated for those who didn\u2019t read the book I think!Can someone please explain this for me:<blockquote>  \"So?\" said Childermass, stung. \"That is not so very trifling, is it? Norrell is a clever man - and Strange another. They have their faults, as other men do, but their achievements are still remarkable. Make no mistake; I am John Uskglass's man. Or would be, if he were here. But you must admit that the restoration of English magic is their work, not his.\"  \"Their work!\" scoffed Vinculus. \"Theirs? Do you still not understand? They are the spell John Uskglass is doing. That is all they have ever been. And he is doing it now!\"</blockquote>This is really weird! What does Vinculus\u2019s sentence mean?
Any details on Dannie Plachta's bio and name pronunciation? I've discovered an interesting sci-fi author named Dannie Plachta (read a couple of his short stories, Alien Artifact and Revival Meeting, by pure chance and found them rather charming). I would read more of his writings if I could just find them. But the information on him is so scarce, not even a Wikipedia page. Does anyone have any details on his bio?I thought it to be a Polish family name first (like Zelazny, for example), but a couple of dubious sources mention that his real name was Daniel Plettey (???), so I'm not sure any more. Has anyone perchance happened to hear his name spoken aloud by someone knowledgeable?
What is Farquaad\u2019s first name? Or surname if Farquaad is his first?I mean, in Mr Stink, the titular character\u2019s real name is Lord Darlington. We can safely conclude that Darlington is his surname.
Harry Potter funny fanfic, where Harry is convinced he is an elf - probably on fanfiction.net There's a fic where Harry runs away or gets left outside after finding a book in a library on magic and believing he is an elf.He grows up learning \"wish for a trade\" or magic for a trade bartering and such, meeting odd people along the way, multiheaded snakes, I think Mr. Lovegood, child Malfoy, and more until he's old enough to go to Hogwarts and someone finds him and enrolls him.There are already several fanfics as its a series going up by each year or two. They are also definitely over 30-50k+ or more. It's really funny and everyone keeps trying to convince him he's not an elf, except either Malfoy or Granger or some unexpected friend; not the usual trio.It might also be on Archive of Our Own, but I'm very sure it's fanfiction.net as that was my soul and life blood until recently.
Book with a Troll girl, treeclub, with talking sun and castrated husband deserted father carcass? Anyone know of this book, I thought it was called The Last Simolean but it's like unexisted now?There's like an Amazon lady that bonks her head and like ends up a troll after being haunted by a talking sun, and a troll queen who uses her father's corpse.
Length of a cubit in Ted Chiang's Tower of Babylon My question is about the length of the cubit in Ted Chiang's \"Tower of Babylon\" story. The ancient cubit was, give or take, 20 inches.  In his \"Tower of Babylon,\" Ted Chiang describes the tower's platform as 200 cubits on a side, and the tower itself as 60 cubits on a side.  This works out to a tower that is 100 feet on a side.  Considering that the widest side of the Empire State Building is 420 feet, that doesn't sound like a particularly massive tower.  (The tower was incredibly tall, yes, but it's base was very small.)Am I missing something? Is there some other definition in play?  A number of commentaries seem to assume that it was a giant tower at the base, but the book's definitions don't suggest that...
An anime with necklaces with crystals to summon monsters I watched an anime around 2008-2010. In it, the main characters use crystals to summon monsters to fight.All I can remember is the main characters' appearances:one was a red hair male middle ageone teen blond guyone teen girl 
Anime series about a pair of twins and a doctor I remember watching an anime series in the 2000s, that had as main protagonist a male doctor, that in the past rescued the life of a pair of twins, one of them male, the other female.As they grew up, the brother became very evil. At some point when the kids were in their early twenties, the whole actual plot came into motion, with both the doctor and the sister setting out on a journey to kill the evil brother, often separated. The hunt did at least for some time go through Germany, the people depicted with huge noses often. The whole storytelling was also working heavily with views into the past as the protagonists hunted the elusive evil brother, showcasing what the evil brother had experienced in the past.I remember the thing having about... 74 or something episodes, and it was very likely a manga adaption.
Maeve's first encounter with an awake host? I saw Westworld a couple of weeks ago, and a scene stuck in my mind.I \"remember\" Maeve coming across a person (or a situation) and trying to stop a host (probably giving a command), but failing. She is surprised, and says something along the lines of \"oh, you're awake\".I've downloaded the subtitles of the two seasons and searched for \"awake\" in them in hopes I'll find the scene, but I couldn't. Now, I'm not sure if she really said \"awake\". Also I've been skimming the episodes, but again, I couldn't find it yet.I find that scene kind of important because Maeve is \"awake\" and aware of the hosts. She starts commanding other hosts who are not awake, and she gets accustomed to it. And in this scene, she meets another host who is awake and can't command him/her. This host might not be the first awake host she's encountered, but might be the first that she mentioned him/her being awake.
Short story about mind-hijacking aliens (60s or 70s) I'm trying to identify a short story that I read in a sci-fi anthology from the late 60s or 70s about an expedition to an alien world. The spaceship encounters a civilization and sends one crew member to the surface.  This crew member meets the aliens, realizes something is amiss, and contacts the ship, \"Hey, there's something wrong here, these guys are ... no, wait.  Everything's fine.  These guys are great.  Come on down...\"  The crew member on the ship realizes the aliens are hostile and are trying to control his shipmate's mind. Not knowing how far they can project their mind-control technique, the crew member onboard the spaceship hits the panic button that sends his ship hurtling back towards Earth where he warns everyone about the hostile aliens.Earth prepares itself for attack, knowing that the aliens must have found out about Earth's location by picking the lost crew member's brain, but Earth's early-warning system proves ineffective when the aliens simply use mind-control to make the Earthlings ignore their own electronic warning system (which is sounding even as the Earth ships zoom away to oblivion).
Girl is a descendant of the Brothers Grimm. Has powers that relate to their stories and the surname \"Grimes\" There's a story I read a few years ago that really got me interested. From what I can remember, it's about a girl who's a descendant of the Brothers Grimm, and her mother and her have to move constantly because they're being followed. The protagonist's fake last name is 'Grimes', and she's constantly bullied over that. Lastly, she basically has powers involving the stories that the Brother's Grimm wrote.
Why doesn't Wednesday have unlimited money? Mr. Wednesday pays Shadow $4000 a week (apparently, we never see any such exchange) yet they stay in the low-end American Motel (owned by one of the gods?) and Mad Sweeney, Wednesday's ally, also has access to unlimited gold coins.
Fairy tale princess turning suitors into stone I read this fairy tale when I was a kid, around 30 years ago. I've now tried searching for this story, checking the usual suspects (brothers Grimm and H.C.Andersen), but haven't found anything matching.Here's the story:Once upon a time there was a king of a small/poor kingdom, and he had three sons. Since they were so poor, the king decided that one of the princes should marry the princess in a much larger/richer kingdom. The problem was that this particular princess was very picky, and also had magical powers. So any suitors she didn't like, she would turn into stone statues.The princes went to the princess' castle, and entered it one at a time (maybe only one prince was allowed in per day?). The garden of the castle was full stone statues, all the previous suitors.Secretly, the princess had disguised/turned herself into a maid so that she could observe the princes before meeting them officially. The first (and of course the oldest) prince went in first; he was  certain that the princess would be very impressed by his strength and fighting skills. He of course treated the maid very poorly. Needless to say, the princess turned him into a statue.The second prince didn't do any better.The third prince was very uncertain of himself, I think he discussed with the maid that he didn't really want to do this, but had to try in order to save his poor country. If all three princes were turned to stone, their kingdom would be ruined. He also treated the maid well.I believe the maid turned into the princess right there in front of him. I guess they got married, and possibly she brought back to life the other too princes (maybe even everyone she had turned to stone?). And they lived happily ever after.This story to me seems to be a bit more modern than Grimm/Andersen; the princess decides herself whom she wants to marry, and there are no animals featured. 
Book where boy teleports to another world/dimension but doesn\u2019t know how; fights a wild boar Orange/yellow book cover.Boy somehow teleports to a different world or dimension but doesn\u2019t remember how he got there, just wakes up to find himself somewhere else. Fights a wild boar or hog. It may be a bear, wife says she thinks it has to do with a kid playing soccer and gets knocked out and wakes up in different world.
Novel where a girl cares for psychic children, maybe set on a starship I can't recall the name of a novel where a young human woman takes care of a group of children who may have psychic powers but the government does not know what their abilities are or when they will manifest. When the woman identifies that a child has an ability she notifies the authorities who take the child away, most like to be dissected for experimentation.After the first child with an ability is taken away the young woman decides to protect the rest of the children. Most of the children display abilities. The book may be set on a starship due to some of the references.When the young women goes out to socialize she wears a dress of twigs and leaves as she does not have a full body tattoo which is the current vogue. There was an alien, a green being that may have been like a pet. The book itself had a green cover, and may have the word \"green\" in the title.
Who was Daenerys referring to in this line? <blockquote>  I have been sold like a brood mare, I've been chained and betrayed, raped and defiled, do you know what kept me standing though all those years in exile? Faith...in myself.</blockquote>Most certainly, she referred to Khal Drogo. The show clearly portrayed how Daenerys Targaryen became a stuff for sale  and a significant instrument of way to the goals of Viserys. Even after their marriage, it wasn't her decision and desire to be in the same room with the Khal.Afterwards, Daenerys and Drogo found theirselves falling in love and getting serious affections with each other. Thus, it started the well-known relationship they had until Drogo has reached his death.When Jon Snow and Daenerys met in Dragonstone to prime an alliance, she said those lines quoted at the first part of this thread's body. Why did Daenerys consider their relationship as raped and defiled? For all I know, she has been affected of how much she loved the Khal. Wouldn't that be deemed as a disrespectful approach to her heart's desires and to her husband?
Is this character\u2019s name a reference? In the new Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, towards the end, a character is revealed who bears the name of<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Aurelius Dumbledore.</blockquote>Now, it is fairly well-known that the actor who played<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Albus Dumbledore in the first two Harry Potter movies, namely Richard Harris,</blockquote>also played the character of<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   Marcus Aurelius in the movie Gladiator (2000).</blockquote>Has anyone \u2013 either JKR herself or the director or someone else in the know \u2013 mentioned whether the naming of the character in FB:TCoG (I suggest a shorter acronym in future \u2013 perhaps just CoG?) is a conscious reference to that earlier character, or whether it is just coincidence?
How did the Night Queen get her title? It is stated that there was a Night Queen long ago in The Age of Heroes.How and why do they call her the Night Queen? Is it due to the reason that the Night King and the White Walkers are seemingly always together? Or is the Night Queen also capable of ruling and commanding their undead troops.How was she coined as the Queen of White Walkers?Also, is there any mentioned part in the books or show that revealed the true identity of the Night Queen - when she was still alive, breathing and not a mundane creature?
Science fiction story where humanity is so technically advanced that they lack for nothing Many years ago I read a story (I think it was a full-length novel) set in the far future of Earth where people effectively can have whatever they want whenever they want it. I also believe they had immortality. Their main problems were decadence and ennui. I seem to remember that this was all available through technology. Their experience was real and not a Matrix-like virtual reality.
Why couldn't Checkov beam Khan to the ship at the end of Star Trek Into Darkness, but after Khan and Spock fight he could? Towards the end of the movie Checkov claims there's no way to beam Khan aboard ship after Spock asks him to because \"there is too much damage\" and he \"can't get a signal\"... But after Spock and Khan fight he is not only able to beam Khan, but Spock and Uhura back aboard the ship... Like, huh? I thought there was too much damage. Made zero sense to me how all of a sudden he was able to beam them when he just claimed there was too much damage to retrieve a signal. 
Did the Keeper of Prophecies hear the entirety of Trelawney's prophecy? In the beginning of Half-Blood Prince Dumbledore assures Harry that no one besides the two of them is aware of the entirety of the prophecy:<blockquote>  \"There are only two people in the whole world who know the full contents of the prophecy made about you and Lord Voldemort, and they are both standing in this smelly, spidery broom shed.</blockquote>However, at the end of Order of the Phoenix Dumbledore tells Harry:<blockquote>  \"The official record was relabeled after Voldemort's attack on you as a child,\" said Dumbledore. \"It seemed plain to the keeper of the Hall of Prophecy that Voldemort could only have tried to kill you because he knew you to be the one to whom Sibyll was referring.\" </blockquote>This makes it seem like the keeper had also heard the full contents of the prophecy. If he had only heard part of it, why not just listen to the rest instead of relying on Voldemort's interpretation? If the answer to that is that a prophecy cannot be listened to without being destroyed, then how was he able to label it in the first place? If the labels are somehow automatically generated by magic, the keeper would surely not be audacious enough to relabel it based solely on Voldemort's interpretation, especially as he would have no way of knowing that Voldemort had ever heard the prophecy.So, if we assume that the keeper had in fact heard the entire prophecy, how do we account for Dumbledore's assertion in Half-Blood Prince? Did Dumbledore simply misspeak? Or was the keeper no longer alive, so technically no one currently knew the contents even though someone had known the contents?
SF novel, starts w/ actor & widow meet timetraveling husband, there was a party, bankruptcy then scene set on the moon I havent finished this book. I forgot a lot about the specific details but I remembered how it started. A popular actor (?) went to this lady's house in a car and she was described like a widow. It was because his husband was timetravelling and can only show up on a specific date and time.  They meet the time traveling husband and turns out it\u2019s the last time he can show up. The husband told them something important.  I'm not sure what it was,  something weird like, the actor and his wife should end up together. The actor person went home, was distraught, had a luxurious party and woke up bankrupt.  There was a bit about some not human partners disguised as a couple who wanted to catch/kidnap someone. Then a scene on the moon.  A weird name and a punishment that amounts to forgetting something.
Why does everyone think Leta is bad? In Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald Leta Lestrange says<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   to Dumbledore something like \"everyone thinks I'm bad\". She is also convinced Dumbledore himself believed she was bad. </blockquote>Why would she say that? We do not have any evidence she acted bad at school, actually quite the opposite, despite her being in Slytherin. <blockquote class=\"spoiler\">  We also see a girl in Dumbledore's class saying something like \"I was waiting for it\" when Leta got to face boggart which implies other student really didn't like her</blockquote>We also see her as a pretty nice young lady in her adulthood.<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   She might consider herself bad because of what happened to her brother, but no one knew she was the reason for his death.</blockquote>So what made people see her as a bad person in school or after if we never see her acting as one? 
In the Transformers aligned continuity, what was The Thirteenth's real name? It was said that before The Thirteenth went into the Well of Allsparks, he had asked Alpha Trion to remove his name from The Covenant of Primus. Hence why he was called 'The thirteenth'. What was his original name before Alpha Trion changed it to 'The thirteenth'?
Identify a short story where a paraplegic man travels back in time to save his wife but doesn't get the result he wants I would have most likely have read this in the '80s or early '90s in a magazine, almost certainly either Analog or Asimov's Science Fiction, two magazines I read regularly back then. The story opens with the male protagonist waking up in the morning and realizing that his body has changed - his upper body is significantly stronger and maybe his skin is tanned? In this story, time travel allows you to return physically to a previous time, but without any memory of what happens next, so the fact that he's changed triggers the realization that he's looped back. (This is either common to the world or common to people with his degree of wealth - I don't think he's the inventor of time travel.) So all he knows is that his future self bulked up for something, and his present-self job is to realize the moment. I think he also knows he has looped back before, because present-him remembers another change (or multiple changes) prior to this one.It turns out that the moment is the death of his wife, or what would be her death: they have a house that overlooks a valley or canyon or something, and she does something that causes her to fall over a railing or down an incline where she's holding on for her life. The protagonist realizes that past-him wasn't strong enough to save her and that future-him had spent all his remaining time bulking up to come back and do it. He is able to reach her (I don't think he simply wheels over to the edge, I think he has to leave his chair and drag himself to her, then pull her to safety) and she lives.The twist is that while she survives, their marriage doesn't - she ends up divorcing him.
What was the minimum Jedi status required to have authority over Clone Troopers? Clearly not all of the Jedi had command over the Clone Troopers. What position did a Jedi have to attain within the Order to be able to command Clone Troopers?
Would The Fork, The Witch and The Worm be the start of another series? The new book is scheduled to be released at the end of this year. Paolini himself has told that it would continue the story of Eragon and Saphira and in addition it will contain other stories in Alaga\u00ebsia. Do you think this will turn in to a new series? Will it answer so many unanswered questions in Inheritance Cycle (like what Meona tree took from Eragon, etc.)?
Has anyone ever tried to physically attack any of the Endless? There is one thing that always bothered me a bit in the \"Sandman\"/\"Vertigo\" universe: whenever one of the Endless shows up and introduces itself, people immediately assume that they are indeed what they say they are (Death, Dream, Desire etc).But imagine a situation: A thug goes drunk from a pub, gets hit by a car and then he sees a woman telling him that \"she is Death and he has to follow her\". I definitely can imagine, that there would be situations, when the recently deceased would say \"the hell I am!\" and try to take a swing at the short, goth chick.Has similar thing ever happened? I don't recall anything like this in the \"Sandman\" itself, but Death and Daniel (the new Dream) were present in many other DC comics.EDIT: Just to be clear: by attack I mean \"intend to kill, seriously harm or disable by using physical force\". So attempts to grope Desire*, half-hearted slaps and using magic/non-physical superpowers (like telekinesis) won't count. I've read it in a novel set in Sandman's world, where woman imprisoned by Desire tries to hug him/her\just to be gently pushed away 
Short SF story revisits Poe\u2019s classics Mid 1980\u2019s I read a SF short story in class and need help identifying it.  I could be wrong, but as I recall, the title was merely a year (2064 A.D., 2154 A.D., or similar).  If memory serves me correct, it was set in that year.  A handful of tourists signed up for a tour of a house/castle.  One by one, they were being killed off by various means described in stories by Edgar Allan Poe (and replaced with duplicates, I believe).  However, I do believe the tour group may have been unsuspecting because (in a possible nod to Bradbury\u2019s F451), books had long been banned/abandoned/destroyed and consequently they were unfamiliar with Poe\u2019s works.  In the end, I believe the \u201cguide\u201d flew off in a helicopter with the duplicates/replacements and the house/castle crumbled.I could have muffed it all up, but does any of this ring a bell with any one?  Any help would be appreciated!  - BkR
Trying to find a Anime where a different monster is summoned from a dice roll for each person The anime in question was one where you would summon a monster from a dice roll and each monster was different depending on the person who was summoning it.
What happened to the Belt of Beloth the Wise? During the siege of Dras-Leona, Eragon loses the belt after the confrontation with the priests of Helgrind. He fails at finding the belt at that time and he still couldn't find the belt when he went to check for it later.Any idea what happened to it? Was the wards around it so powerful, nobody could ever find if it was lost? Or did someone destroy the belt? 
Sci-fi short story about stranded pilots on frozen planet I can recall nearly the entire story, but not the author or the title.Two pilots land on a frozen planet (Pluto, I think?)The landing thaws the ice, and it subsequently freezes trapping them.They try to escape by brute force of the engine, but the fusion pile goes critical, and they are forced to shut it down.They draw straws to decide who will check out the damage beneath the engine skirt (its near certainty that if the pile has breached, they will die of lethal radiation exposure)The engine has, in fact, exploded, and the first pilot, knowing he will die shortly, says his goodbyes, walks up to the top of an icy ridge, assumes a heroic pose, and takes off his helmet, freezing into a statue.There is a long struggle of the second pilot trying every possible scenario to rescue himself, with no success.Eventually he decides that he too will find a tall ridge, assume a pose, and take of his helmet.noticing pilot one has his face and eyes frosted over from the atmosphere that froze from his helmet, he takes precautions so that his face will be clear of frost/ice when he takes off his helmet.in the end, after becoming a frozen statue, he realizes he is not dead, and that every time the sun passes and warms him slightly he can think, albeit very slowly.the story ends with him regretting that he did not clear the frost from his friend\u2019s eyes before he took his pose on his own ridge and removed his helmet.
Discovery Channel movie about a rover entering an organic spaceship, activating a green light that causes black spheres to appear on Earth This isn't something I remember well, but I'll do my best to describe it.I watched this around 2013-2014, on Discovery Channel. It was some kind of movie or TV Show about a hypothetical situation where alien space ship shows up in orbit around the Earth. A rover is sent into the ship to analyze it and find out what the inhabitants look like.The ship's interior was black, with a lot of fragmented sharp edges and a lot of green glowing lights everywhere.At some point the rover activates a glowing green light, like a generator or something (this part is vague in my memory) and through some kind of series of events reveals that the ship isn't piloted by aliens, it is the alien. Activating this light causes a vast amount of black spheres to appear on Earth that then slowly break apart into smaller and smaller spheres.
What were the slaves doing on the spaceship? From the intro to the 1989 Alien Nation TV show:<blockquote>  That was the scene in California's Mohabi desert five years ago. Our historic first view of the newcomer ship. Theirs was a slave ship, carrying a quarter of a million beings, bred to adapt and labour in any environment. But they've washed ashore on Earth, with no way to get back to where they came from. And in the last five years the Newcomers have become the latest addition to the population of Los Angeles.</blockquote>I've watched the whole series but didn't manage to catch an explanation of what the slaves were actually doing aboard the spaceship before it crashed. The Overseers were obviously controlling the Newcomers to extract some sort of forced labour from them (they're slaves, after all). However, what specifically were the Newcomers doing during their enslavement?
Book (series?) in which a word defeats a dark lord/evil king I have remembered a middle-grade book (series?) that I'd read probably around 4th-6th grade. These are all the details I can remember:It was a medieval fantasy esque setting.It featured a world with some sort of king or dark lord that the protagonist was trying to defeat - for some reason, I don't remember why, this king was almost undefeatable. He could only be defeated by a secret word.Parts of the secret word were scattered around the land in syllables.The book begun with an ominous prologue in which a character had finally gathered all the parts of the word, and confronted the king - I think he might've been captured or something like that, and was brought before the king. When he said the word, it didn't work. I don't remember perfectly, but it might've been because the 'king' was an imposter, staged there to make the person say it and then the real king would come out.After saying the word, the person who said it immediately forgets it.
Animated show about warriors who summon giant monsters using rocks covered in runes I remember a show airing on Cartoon Network or on demand of this \"mon\" genre. Warriors summoned giant monsters using rocks covered in runes.
Which dimensions from Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse exist in other works? Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse features versions of Spider-Man from various parallel dimensions. Are all of these \"new\" dimensions, or are they intended to be existing-dimensions within the Marvel multiverse of comics, films, etc.? In other words, are any of the Spider-People we see from established Marvel universes (e.g. Earth-616, Earth-1610, Earth-199999, Amazing Spider-Man universe, etc.), or does this movie exist outside the continuity of any other Marvel storyline?For example, is<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   The older, divorced, somewhat overweight thirtysomething Peter Parker</blockquote>supposed to represent a future Amazing Spider-Man, Marvel Cinematic Universe Spider-Man, or some other version of Spider-Man?To be clear, I'm not asking about what works inspired this movie, I'm asking to what extent it exists within the continuity of those previous works, as opposed to just being inspired by it.
Who figured out Rand's fate and how? Re-reading A Memory Of Light again, and something that didn't bother me so much in the first read-through is that several key folks (his ladies plus Alivia) seemed to know Rand's fate before it happened.<blockquote class=\"spoiler\">   All of the Happy Harem, plus Alivia, and maybe others seem to know that Rand and Moridin switched bodies.  While after death this would make sense (as they continue to sense the bond), none of them were at his side when he was dying, none seemed worried, and Alivia had set up all the equipment and horse and such before he woke up. </blockquote>I realize that there could be a few explanations for this, but has there been anything published  by the author(s) or during interviews that indicate how this happened?
Why did Yoda save Anakin and Obi-Wan instead of finishing Dooku on Geonosis? Last I recalled, it is Yoda's quote:<blockquote>  Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.</blockquote>It has been mentioned lots of times in the canon that attachment is forbidden for a Jedi. While newbies were little bit \"flexible\" in this regard, how could Yoda, the grandmaster and the most powerful Jedi, not adhere to this? Why did Yoda save Anakin and Obi-Wan on Geonosis?
Old Fantasy Series about a group of college roleplayers who are transported to the alternate world of their professor The stories were based on a group of college roleplayers who were transported to the alternate world of their professor (the Dungeon Master). There were multiple books in the series. My memory of the stories has faded but I can remember slavers and the college kids introducing gunpowder to this new world.
Story about a submersible captured on sea floor by underwater race Ten years ago or more I got a book of short stories out of a library. If I remember correctly is looked old (thick paper, grainy printing) then, so probably an old book.In the book there was a story about a man (scientist?) who has a submersible. As far as I remember it was connected to his ship via a chain, with a separate telephone (more like an intercom) line. It was lowered using a crane. I think the telephone cable snapped on the first dive, but he was pulled up again safely. On another dive he describes the fish curiously looking through his window at him. When he nears (or has arrived on) the bottom of the sea he sees a creature coming towards him. I think the creature had fins (I can't remember where, maybe on its back or limbs, or in place of limbs), but was semi-humanoid (it had a head as far as I can recall). The creature somehow cuts his submersible loose, and drags it away. The man inside sees a city on the ocean floor, with lots of similar creatures. There may have been a temple mentioned, if so, I think they took him up to the temple.There were parts of other larger works in the book, so this also might be part of a larger work. I have read so many similar books, so I can't tell you which stories where in it, but I think there was one about adventurers flying in a dirigible.
Are there any magical plants mainly used for food purposes? In Harry Potter, J.K. Rowling unveils a series of plants, most of them used mainly for healing, or decoration. In the wizarding world, they eat a lot of common muggle  food, using muggle ingredients. Are there any wizarding plants mainly used as ingredients in food, that are specifically magical?(Excluding all of the sweets sold at various locations)
Are Spiderman's Web Shooters Biological or Artificial? I am confused. I thought Spiderman's ability to shoot web was through biologically built-in nodules in his wrists due to the mutations that happened when he was bitten by the spider. But then in MCU films and the most recent Spider-verse film by Sony, we see that he's using artificial shooters on his wrists. So which is more original to Spider-canon? Is his ability to shoot/produce web supposed to be biological as part of the mutation? Or was it always artificial? 
Short story about humans on a hostile planet, genetically engineering their offspring gradually over generations, to be able to survive on it This was a short story I read sometime before 2000, most likely sometime between 1981 and 1995. It was collected in a paperback with other stories, which I believe (but am not sure) were by separate authors. I also believe (but am not sure) that the cover of the paperback was pink. I may have checked out the book from the public library, which means the book itself could have been arbitrarily old.On a planet with a hostile atmosphere, there are humans living within a dome or some other artificial environment. Each generation genetically engineers the next generation to be closer to being able to live outside the dome. At the end of the story (and perhaps also the beginning of the story\u2014I'm not sure how much time elapses during the narrative) the final generation is almost ready to be released into the wild, but they are strong (with a low, dense, non-humanoid body shape) and out of control, and they risk damaging (or actually do damage) the dome and therefore the lives of the older generations. The young ones will survive and thrive on the planet, the older ones think to themselves with pride, even if the rest of us must parish.The subtext of the story is that while the youngsters may technically be human (in the sense of DNA), they are no longer human from any meaningful point of view. The reader is left questioning the wisdom of their plan.Maybe the first generation engineers all the subsequent generations, instead of each engineering the next. That's not how I remember it, but if each generation engineered the next, then the penultimate generation would be not human enough to convey the subtext. Also, the final generation is wild, presumably lacking any kind of education or technical know-how, so presumably the penultimate generation would be close enough to wild that they wouldn't be able to genetically engineer anything. This IMHO would make it hard for the author to pull off each-generation-engineers-the-next, but maybe she or he was able to.
NES galactic empire management game I tried asking this question on Arqade, but it got closed as off-topic since I don't have an image to work with.I remember having a game on the NES back in the early 90s where you were managing a galactic empire. You were in space, but could manage resources from different planets, and could trade between them. You would never land on the planets but could check out what resources were available on each planet in the solar system you were in.Any ideas? I want to say that the cover art on the cartridge had a big purple-ish alien on it.
Where did Mrs. Weasley make sandwiches in book three In Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, the Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione were staying in the Leaky Cauldron the day before they boarded Hogwarts Express (1st September). Still in the station, Mrs. Weasley handed out their sandwiches for them from out of her handbag.<blockquote>  \"I've made you all sandwiches. Here you are, Ron... no, they're not  corned beef... Fred? Where's Fred? Here you are, dear...\"</blockquote>I wonder where (and even when) did she manage to make them all sandwiches for their journey?Possibilities are:She might have made them the day before journey, early morning at the Burrow.She might have requested Tom the innkeeper at the Leaky Cauldron let her use the kitchen for some time. 
Children's sci-fi collection - Alien orthodontist When I was a child in the 70s I would stay with my grand parents and read children's sci fi.  They had a particular book containing a collection of short stories one of which was about a human guy whose job was to fly around space cleaning the teeth of giant space creatures.  He was so small in comparison to the giant aliens teeth that he was no bigger than their smallest teeth.  Can anyone let me know if they know the story, author or the collection of stories?I would love to find this book again.
Why do the Q have genders? It seems, at least from \"Qpid,\" that the Qs' humanoid appearance is just for show. The \"main\" Q is not really a male, for example. After all, Q tells Picard in the aforementioned episode that given different knowledge, he would have first appeared to Picard as a female.However, in Deep Space Nine's \"Q-Less,\" Q apparently finds a female civilian attractive, and in the Voyager episodes, we find that Q has been in a relationship of sorts with (Female) Q.Even the lowly J'Naii consider species with different genders to be less evolved (I wonder what they'd think of The Traveler or Species 8472), so why would the Q, of all species, apparently have gender?I suppose it's possible that Q don't really have gender, but lesser lifeforms can't \"see\" this truth of the Q any other way. Energy beings still \"mate,\" I think, so maybe the only way mere mortals can understand this aspect of a Q's life is through a gross approximation.I'm looking for an in-universe reason, of course. 
Sci-fi movie \u2014 abandoned spaceship returns to Earth As a child, I saw a movie whose premise is that an abandoned Earth-made spaceship returns to Earth, leaving scientists perplexed. Meanwhile, an astronaut wanders the streets, slowly turning into an alien creature.The film concludes with a giant creature being destroyed by military firepower.It was filmed in black and white. I'm guessing it was shot in the fifties. I haven't seen it for 40 years; it was on somewhere in the late 1970s or 1980s.
Was there a story where Superman defeated Brainiac by forcing him to fly into his own shrinking ray? When Supergirl meets the Legion of Superheroes for the second time (Action Comics #276, \"Supergirl's Three Super Girl-Friends\") she is introduced for the first time to Brainiac 5, Brainiac's 30th century descendant.In this story, Brainiac 5 claims that Superman defeated Brainiac by forcing him to fly into his own shrinking ray. Was this ever an actual Superman story?
How was the Statute of Secrecy breached in 1749 and what measures were introduced to prevent a recurrence? In Harry Potter and the Order of the Pheonix, during the History of Magic O.W.L., Question 5 asks that:<blockquote>  How was the Statute of Secrecy breached in 1749 and what measures were introduced to prevent a recurrence?</blockquote>Does any one have any idea what this was about? Just curious to know since Rowling doesn't mention it in any of the books I have read yet.
Old kids show from the 80's about two kids with a magical compass that took them to another world I remember watching this one show when I was a kid in the 80's/early 90's in Canada. It was a live-action show about these two kids and had some puppet/muppet-like characters, but it kind of had a dark/mysterious element to it. I can't remember too much about it except portions of some episodes, but the main characters were kids, and they had some mysterious artifact (kind of like a compass?) that took them to this other world where there were giants and other mysterious beings that we rarely saw. The two kids weren't the only one's going to this place either, they find out kids from all around the world that also had this same artifact (and they all fit together like a round puzzle?). I seem to recall that the giants in this other world were the ones who made the artifacts, and were dying/or in desperate need of the help of the kids.A couple episodes I remember: There was one where the leaves were falling, and the world was doomed to end as soon as the last leaf touched the ground, so they're trying to figure out how to prevent all the leaves from falling, but after a long and suspenseful episode (for a kid) the last leaf dramatically falls, but out of no where the main girl catches the leaf and saves the world (it was very exciting for my young self, and I remember being very impressed with the pretty girl for thinking to catch the leaf).   There was another episode where the kids meet these two old guys with long white hair (muppets) sullenly working in a mine/tunnel, they're in tattered old clothes working away with their pick axes or hammers and they are connected to each other at the beard. This long old white beard grows out of one of their faces right into the other's. The kids save the day by cutting the old guy's beard in the middle, freeing them from each other. They celebrate being free from their bonds and excitedly thank the kids, but after the kids leave they continue to work away, this time in much brighter spirits. Seemingly unbeknownst to them though, as they work, their beards slowly and subtly grow back together. Anyone else remember this show?
Early (pre-1994) Warhammer 40K Space Marine novel about three central characters becoming battle brothers I read this some time before 1994 so my memory is hazy.If I recall correctly it has three central characters who are from different, warring gangs representing different tiers of a Hive City. They are then recruited by an Astartes chapter and in the first part of the book we follow their induction, training and transformation from mortal enemies into fully fledged battle brothers.The thing I remember most is one of them filigree's his finger bones to honour the memory of his two fallen brothers.I've looked through the lists of Warhammer 40K novels and no titles or story descriptions seem to match. This is also, as far as I know, not part of The Horus Heresy cycle of books.
Anime short about two girls shooting each other with guns from their mouths I saw an anime short some years ago on YouTube. I can't find it anywhere. The things that I remember are:The \"protagonist\" is a girl with brown hair tied up and yellow clothes.  She is a robot that is controlled by a group of some kind of small animal (I don\u2019t remember what kind.)It began with her waking up, the animals beginning to control her to get up.There was her friend (well, ex-friend) who had black hair and dark clothes and was a robot too, controlled by little bunnies. It seemed these bunnies killed one of the little animals of the brown-haired girl, so they started fighting, making the two girls start shooting each other with guns from their mouths.The animals on the head of the girl spoke. I don't remember any other character speaking, maybe the mother of the protagonist saying to the girl she was late?There was a guy too, it seems the protagonist liked him because of a photo she was holding on one part.The title was probably in English, since there were so many people writing about the story being a representation of a promise that was broken that made three friends fight.The protagonist killed the guy too, he was a ''ikemen''. I remember the animal inside the protagonist head saying something about it.More things happen after that, but I don't remember so well.
Why did Charles keep Shaw immobile? Charles clearly understands that Erik is preparing to kill Shaw with the coin, and is emphatically trying to telepathically talk him out if it. When Charles realizes he is about to fail at this, why does he continue to hold Shaw immobile?In doing so, Charles is literally holding Shaw helpless to Erik's attack. Why didn't he just release Shaw and allow his life to be spared, which he was so desperate to do just a moment earlier? At least Shaw would then have had a fighting chance to defend himself.  Warning: NSFW (bit gory)<br>                            
Conan-ish fantasy comic from late 80s to early 90s with scantily dressed main characters fighting skeletons in a cave/dungeon Read a comic from the library back in 1993-1994, probably from the late 80s/early 90s. Short story, colorized, likely anthology format.Story line along the veins of Conan with heroic male protagonist and a female companion on a quest. Both scantily dressed. Fighting enemies that included skeletons if I recall correctly. They were going through a cave/dungeon and spent the night enjoying each other's company.The drawings are more stylized, gritty, cleaner and less crowded with less dialogue compared to all the Conan comics I reviewed. Definitely more adult tilted themes and unlikely a Marvel publication. I suspect it was published in something similar to Heavy Metal (that said, I don't recall any nudity or anything along those lines, so less \"adult\" than what you could see there).It was probably an individual issue of something, rather than a collection; I recall it being rather worn out, hence the time range. This wasn't the only comics story in the publication. This particular story wasn't very long - probably around 10 pages. Unsure if it was serial story that continued, or something standalone.
Anime with a main character who has a green little friend from another dimension Does any one knows the anime where the main character has a green little friend from another dimension? He and his friend fuse by joining hands.It's like his buddy and he join bodies and then he has green armor on the main character.There is one more step I remember his green little friend is small size on Earth but when they travel in another world he changes size to a large one.They fuse like Goku and Vegeta but in this case his friend becomes an armor on him and gives him lots of power.
TV Show About People Who Make Deals With The Devil I remember watching a show on Hulu (90% sure it was on Hulu, but when I checked a list of their original programming I couldn't find it) that involved people meeting with a supernatural figure that acted as a middleman between the people and God. I don't know if the figure was a demon or an angel. It might have been ambiguous. The middleman would give them a task in exchange for his help.  In one episode he told an old lady to build a bomb, and in another he told a man to surveil a kid. I believe the stories were also interconnected. When the old lady's bomb went off, I think the man was able to save the kid's life because he was close by watching. That's all I remember.
1950's Sci-Fi graphic short story about a farm boy, his ham radio and a tiny rocket ship landing in sauerkraut This story was about a farm boy who built a ham radio and found himself communicating with aliens on a space ship heading towards Earth. The townsfolk and army gather for the event with food vendors (maybe carnival stuff as well) and the aliens describe how they have landed in a lake of acid with giant plants/monsters in it and die as they are crushed to death by the giant things.It ends with the farm boy being arrested as the Army General begins eating a hot dog with sauerkraut and bites down on something hard... it is the tiny space ship that no one had seen. I think it may have been in an issue of Weird Fantasy or Weird Science but I'm not really sure.It was a rather short graphic novel style. There was no video, only communication over the farm boy's ham radio. The boy talked to the approaching aliens while everyone listened and looked everywhere for the ship about to land. It landed in a vendors tray of sauerkraut and the 'acid' was pitting the ships hull and portals. The giant monsters that were crushing the ship were the General\u2019s teeth.
Urban fantasy book about magic appearing in the modern world This is an urban fantasy book in which magic suddenly returns to the modern world. The setting is in a large city (maybe New York) and has a very disaster-genre feel. The protagonist's boss is slowly turning into a dragon. This would have been in the late 90s, I think.
Harry Potter \"Sirius' daughter\" fanfiction where her mother is incapacitated in St. Mungo's I'm looking for a Harry Potter \"Sirius has a daughter\" fanfiction that I read a few years ago on Quotev. It was about a Sirius' daughter, and she was dating one of the Weasley twins. I cannot remember if she was sorted into Ravenclaw or Slytherin. Her mother, whilst still alive, is incapacitated in St. Mungo's (I think she might be crazy, or something similar.) However, she somehow gets out/escapes from St. Mungo's in the daughter's book.There had also been another story linked to that one. It was about the girl's mother when she was at Hogwarts. If it helps, I can vaguely remember the cover to the Marauders Era fic, and I can recall the face-claim of Sirius' daughter. Marauders Era: I'm pretty sure the background was Slytherin green. It might've had an image of Hogwarts behind the figure of Phoebe Tonkin, who is in robes. Phoebe plays the mother when she's younger. The face-claim of Sirius' daughter is Danielle Campbell. 
Sci fi book about a human who merges with an amorphous entity after its alien host dies I'm fairly sure this is a series, or at least more than 1 book. I remember bits and pieces. There is a space ship, I think it's family run and is a cargo ship. There is an alien race that I think is described as smelling like cinnamon. There is an amorphous entity tied to one of the aliens. The alien dies and the entity is forced to bond with a human male. They have a hard time adjusting to each other but the entity facilitates the ship to go faster/navigate better or some such benefit.Either late in that book, or later in the series, if it is a series, the human ship ends up in a region of space where they get \"stuck\". Their engines either don't work or can't get free of the space. Come to find out that region of space is a giant entity that used to be bonded to the amorphous entity that bonded with the human. The space entity teaches the bonded entity how to release the human without killing him. The 2 entities go off together. I think I read this back in high school, so between 2000-2004, but the book may be older, I don't know.
Short story about a wrong phone number which turns out to be the number of someone in another timeline I remember reading a story about some guy who makes a phone call and is connected to someone he doesn't know. They agree to meet, but can't find each other at the agreed meeting place. When they speak on the phone again, it turns out they are living in different time lines, one in which there has been a war, and another where there hasn't. If memory serves in the end they are reluctant to hang up for fear of never getting to speak to each other again.
90s cartoon about guardians against nightmares In the 1990s, I saw an animated show about some guardians of dreams that protect children\u2019s dreams against nightmares. I dont remeber much, only that they travel in pillow-like space ship and there was a rule that the kid can\u2019t wake up because they die or something. Does anybody know this show?
Website with a collection of sci fi stories set in the same universe; powerful AIs being regarded as Gods, one named Gaia, and a \"technopocalypse\" There is a site with lots of stories all set in a future with super powerful AIs regarded as Gods, the most powerful being matrioshka brains. They have a specific terminology but I can't remember their names. Earth has been converted into a similiar godlike computer called \"Gaia\" and has expelled all humans creating a dystopian exodus across the solar system. And something about rogue Von Neumann machines causing a huge crisis dubbed the \"technopocalypse\". 
Story about a star-system sized spaceship and a race of Nanobot-enhanced future humans that live basically forever Trying to find this really cool story I read in an anthology years ago, about a future nanobot augmented humanity that was essentially immortal, travelling around in a spaceship large enough to contain entire solar systems; It takes place over the course of 50,000 years and involves the creation of an entire cult religion from the millenia-spanning subterfuge of one bored societal member.The main character has kids, who find an object on one of the planets inside on of the systems inside this giant \"spacecraft\" for lack of a better term. Unknown to anyone, the object was placed there by a member of this future society that was bored with the way things were and wanted power and control; this guy causes the humans to crash-land on a \"planet,\" which is sort of inside a dyson's sphere type thing, and while temporarily stranded there uses this object to make a multi-thousand year cult which, at the very end, the main character (a woman) flies down to hopefully free them from this false religion (that's the end; there is no continuation to tell if she was successful).One other detail; the humans were SO augented with cybernetics that they are described as being unrecognizable as humans to us; they are described in such a way as to make them seem like Mecha. When they get injured, nanobots repair them in time and they are as good as new.The work might have been in an Asimov or Nebula anthology, early to mid 2000s perhaps?
SF short story about a starship that triggers a supernova when it goes FTL I remember reading a short story a few years ago about a starship crew from Earth(?), in either their first (or a new model) FTL ship. The story opened with them in a new star system, which they had surveyed and were now preparing to leave. They duly fired up their engines and departed in FTL mode.Later they scanned the system they'd left, only to find that its star had gone nova/supernova. After checking timings, they realised that the star had exploded at exactly the same time as they'd turned on their FTL drive. After that, it began to dawn on them they'd not looked back at Earth after leaving it using their FTL mode... Oops. The story ended with them waiting for the light from Earth's sun to reach them.I've bought quite a few older collections, and even more anthologies (as far back as Grof Conklin in the 1940s), so would hesitate to guess even a particular decade, but have the feeling it was written by someone like Arthur Clarke, Isaac Asimov, Harry Harrison etc.
Darth Maul Timeline Inconsistencies So the original Star Wars movies had Darth Maul killed in the fight with the Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon. We later find out that he survived, which was depicted in Star Wars The Clone Wars animated series, and then he makes an appearance as the leader of the Crimson Dawn criminal syndicate in the Han Solo movie.The inconsistency is that Star Wars Rebels had Darth Maul killed for good in a duel with an aged Obi-Wan, which means this happened sometime before Obi-Wan trained Luke, and surely after Han Solo movie. Is this right? Some timelines don't fit if this is the right chronological order.
Short story of a man whose reality would gradually become a weird dream I read it years ago. It told the story of a man whose reality would gradually become a weird dream, while his dreams became as ordinary as real life can be.At some point in the story, the concerned witnesses an incredible time jump, as his watch's hand moves instantly by half a dial or so...I think he also had a psychologist monitoring his case.
Book with blue six fingered aliens, Earth is xenophobic So I read this book in 2004. It started with a female character who had six fingers and she wears gloves that hide that. Earth is xenophobic so she has to hide that she is part alien. She plays some kind of dangerous sport where people die all the time and where there is no gravity in a large arena. Later she meets others that are part alien also and they steal a space ship to find the planet that their fathers had come from. Pretty sure that the race of aliens they were looking for was blue skin with six fingers and maybe the race name started with a J?Another thing I remember is that woman and the other hybrids are the children of women that were stolen from their planets by pirates and made to be slaves. I also think that the blue race of aliens is a warrior race? With technology that is more advanced than human technology. That's about all I remember I read this like 15 years ago. 
1950-60's movie about alien that crashes to Earth and loses its hand which proceeds to attack people Does anyone know about an old movie (I think it's black &amp; white) in which an alien that crashes to Earth loses its hand. The thought has occurred to me that this may not be a movie, but a TV show episode.The hand then crawls away from the crash site to become a stow-away in a woman's car. The alien's hand is cut just above the wrist and veins or tendons trail from it as it crawls. It has thin fingers. The setting is the daytime when it gets into the woman's car. When she gets home, the hand crawls into the house and hides in the closet where it crawls up to the top shelf and then jumps on the woman when she opens the door and strangles her. I think it goes on to hurt more people.It is not the movie title, The Hand.
Short story where a scientist uses a time-machine to evolve mice with wings A scientist encloses a community of mice inside a machine that makes time go much faster inside the machine. Thus he can breed successive generations of mice incredibly quickly. He breeds the population to have wings and to be intelligent.After innumerable generations he produces the required creatures. He is able to communicate with them but discovers they are curious about their heritage. He invents a mythology that their race comes from the planet Venus.They somehow obtain a space-craft and take off in search of what they believe to be their 'home' planet.I believe it might have been part of an anthology and was probably written before 1970 although that's not certain. The language was English but I can't remember if American or British. There were no characters apart from the scientist and the mice as far as I can remember.
Japanese anime movie, includes a sword and some gems, and a dragon-like friend I watched this movie when I was a kid and never discovered it again.It\u2019s about a boy whose father left him after his divorce from the mother, the kid enters a world somehow where he has a big sword he needs to keep searching for precious stones to fill it with. it has certain holes that look like each stone shape! I also remember the kid going to eat with his mythical (dragon-like friend), and he gets stuck in the restaurant because the crazy restaurant lady won\u2019t let him leave without finishing huge amounts of food!The kid also gets bullied so I\u2019m guessing the the swords journey is to teach the kid how to deal with all of this...
70s/80s Sci-Fi book with teleport gates on sub-light spacecraft and an army space suit I must have read this 35 years ago.The book was a not particularly thick paperback, which as I recall had a picture of a spacesuit helmet on the cover - white helmet with a green visor which looked a bit like oversize Aviator sunglasses.The story was about a man whose job was to go through teleport gates onto spacecraft. The spacecraft were unmanned exploration craft and had been operating for many decades. The teleport gates provided the way of maintaining them.  Once the ships reached a world, the gates formed the beach-head for colonisation and exploration, with more people and bigger gates and other equipment being teleported through. The navy dealt with stuff in orbit, and the army with stuff planet-side.The ships were slower than light, unmanned, automated exploration vessels launched in large numbers.  Teleportation could only be achieved between two gates, so the far gates were carried on the space craft.As I recall the main character is ex-army, which becomes important because his suit is army rather than navy and more heavily armoured. Normally in his job he would be navy/have a navy suit. When aliens are encountered this saves him.  There is some kind of orbital battle when a ship reaches a new world and is either jumped by aliens nor they are already there.I also recall a teleport gate being on a crashed ship on Venus, and this is a key part of the main plot line which involves some sort of conspiracy (getting hazy now). I think there is a girl involved on Venus too.I vaguely remember that some of the maintenance men had not been coming back from their trips out to the space craft and that may have been why the main character was brought in.I fancied at one time that it was a book by Brian Aldiss, but I have searched and can't find anything by him which fits the bill.
Short Story or Novella About Observing the Future Trying to identify a story:I read it in an anthology during the 80's.  The anthology may have been older than that.Narrator is sent by an organization to view the future.  He does this on multiple occasions, with the future becoming stranger each time.  I'm not sure of the method used to grant him this view.His perspective of observation is quasi-orbital.  He views Earth from a great height and can zoom in for greater detail.He is mainly engaged in observing continental Europe.  During one of his observations, he determines that the majority of the European public now belongs to single-sex organizations that are at war with each other (Male vs. Female).I'm sorry there's not more to go on.
Short story: fake robot child of an astronaut meets robot parents on return to Earth There was a classic-period sci-fi short story about a hero astronaut on a multi-year mission that would land to Earth for a few days and leave again.The astronaut has actually died during the mission, but the space agency haven't told his parents to not make them feel sad. Instead they have secretly created an android lookalike, that they take to meet the parents.After the \"astronaut\" goes into his spaceship and leaves Earth again, we learn that the parents were also robots -- because they had died a few years ago, and the Earth execs of the space agency didn't want to let the hero astronaut know that and be sad.
Why are HYDRA agents so committed that they nearly always chomp a suicide pill when defeated? In the Marvel movies Captain America and S.H.I.E.L.D. are opposed by the evil society HYDRA. Whenever a HYDRA agent is defeated or captured, they (almost) without fail chomp a suicide pill and utter the words 'Hail HYDRA!'Why are HYDRA agents, both in WW2 and the present day, so uniquely committed to their organisation?I am most interested in informed answers based on the movies, but supporting evidence from the comics will also be considered helpful.
Mid 1980s SF book with human colonists on a forest world Not the Mid World books or the LeGuin forest bookHuman colonists on a forest planet, want to be independent from EarthAuthor\u2019s first name might have been Christopher Planet was definitely outside this solar system- in fact, the story referenced that the human colonists had left the solar system after previously colonizing the outer planets.I don\u2019t remember any character names. Only character attribute I remember is the main antagonist, a very technocratic Earth admiral trying to assert control by force. No sex that I recall - I would have been 12-13 when I read. Tone was much more sci fi than fantasy; detailed descriptions of the Earth ships and the colonists\u2019 defenses. There were several battles.
Book about people with special powers, recruited to fighting a war against others with powers I remember reading a book about people with special abilities a while back (early-mid 2000's) in which there was a girl and her brother.  There were certain people in the book who had abilities and had to go fight a war against other people with abilities.I think the girl's power was talking to animals (bugs etc...)  and her brother I think had the power of persuasion in that he would always seem to get people to do things for him...  something along those lines?I also remember there was a group of men from the kingdom who tracked down people with special powers, one of them having the ability to find said people as his power...
80/90s UK children's drama series about an \"alien\" boy with radio weapon I've been trying to track down a live-action children's TV series (or short story perhaps) from the 1980s or 1990s, probably on CBBC or CITV.A few people I've spoken to IRL have suggested The Boy from Space or Sky, but I'm pretty sure it's neither as a lot of the details don't seem to match.The story was set on Earth (possibly England or Wales) and was about an \"alien\" boy who was being pursued by a group of people, though I don't remember who they were.Somehow he encountered siblings, a girl and a boy, and made friends with them. I think they lived on a farm with their parents, as I remember quite a large barn or other building, and they hid(?) the boy in a car which was inside or next to this building. He also slept in this car with a dog (which might have been a German shepherd).The \"alien\" boy had a portable \"radio\" (all silver, very 1980s) that repelled his pursuers by emitting a high-pitched sound when he turned a dial on it, and he used it when out and about with the other children whenever they encountered a pursuer. I seem to remember lots of hills and valleys, lots of green.In the end it turned out he wasn\u2019t really an alien, but a human from the far future. He was pretending to be an alien as he was from 20000 years into the future and humans' appearance had changed by then, but he had the ability to make himself look like current-day humans. When he was in his car/bed he reverted to his normal appearance, so he would hide under the blankets until he was able to assume current-day human appearance.In the finale, it was revealed that he was never in any danger \u2013 the pursuers were testing him as part of a kind of coming-of-age thing. I remember a scene on a spaceship or something where his elders/parents where shown telling him that he was safe all along and that he \"passed\".I also seem to remember them referring to \"ancestors\" and making sure they didn't find out, so the either the girl or boy could well have been a direct ancestor.
Short story with a time loop initiated by aliens studying humans for one million years Back in the 80s I read a story in an anthology book, in which unseen aliens \"invade\" Earth and force everyone to relive the same day over and over. They do this in order to thoroughly study humanity and find out what makes us tick. At the end of 1 million years (!), the experiment will be over and they'll grant everyone immortality. The main character argues with his wife that morning, so ends up having the same argument every day for years. Eventually he meets a haunted looking woman on his daily commuter train. She tells him she's a \"ghost.\" She dies in an accident on the loop day, and has to relive her death over and over. Worse yet, once the experiment's over, she'll die one last time and won't become immortal.
Book about a dragon and a necromancer, set in past China/Asia I read this book about five years ago, and the cover was purple.The book was about two inches thick, and I remember it had a young girl as the main character. She had a dragon, which at some point she disguised as a soup ladle. I remember a character called the necromancer, and I think the girl's name was Ping or something similar.It was definitely set in the past in China or some other part of Asia.I remember a fire burning down a building, and something to do with mountains in the beginning.Definitely a fantasy story with the baby shapeshifting dragon, but don't know much else. 
Anime like Pokemon but blue cylinders instead of pokeballs and a creature that was a giant white bear with blue crystals on its back It\u2019s a lot like Pok\u00e9mon, but instead of pokeballs, there are blue cylinders and I remember this one creature that was a giant white bear with blue crystals on its back. I think the main guy is trying to find his father?
In Star Wars, are protocol droids like C-3PO water-resistant? As part of an upcoming change of scenery in a Star Wars (legends) RPG, our party, including a 3PO-series droid are off to a planet covered almost entirely in water. It's fairly relaxed, but we like to stick to the given knowledge of the Star Wars galaxy where possible.In Empire Strikes Back, we see that R2-D2 can function underwater, even if he does get a little waterlogged, but I can't assume that C-3PO (for example) would fare similarly.My question is; could protocol droids like C-3PO survive being submerged in water? Are there examples of this happening in novels, TV shows etc. I might have missed? I'm happy to take Canon answers if there is nothing in Legends.
1st Mars landing story-Read in eighties Trying to remember a \"first landing on Mars\" story.  Read in the eighties, short story, not a novel. Basically the story has an Apollo-style crew, I think, two guys in a lander and one in an orbiting craft.  The two guys in the lander come out and what they see is an Edgar Rice Burroughs kind of landscape.  The guy in the mothership is convinced, of course that they are hallucinating.  Finally one of them takes off his helmet. His buddy on the surface sees him walking around with no ill effects, but the guy in the mothership reports that his suit telemetry says he's dead.  Finally, the second guy takes his helmet off too.  The end of the story has the two heading to the towers off in the distance while the other crewmember mourns them as dead.
YA Sci-fi novel about a girl who can enter VR without a suit I think I read this back in the late '90s or early 2000s. I don't remember the plot at all, but there are a few bits and pieces that stick in my mind:Part of the book takes place in the real world, and the other part is in a VR simulation. You need a special suit or some sort of equipment to enter the simulation.A young girl has the ability to enter the simulation without any equipment, whenever she wishes. This is a big deal and some bad guys want to kidnap her. An older man (the protagonist) discovers her, looks after her and keeps her away from the bad guys.The man has a friend in the simulation who is an AI. The AI is named Prometheus, and he wants to understand enlightenment and what it means to be human. He often tries to catch a fish in a small bottle or cup. I think he also listens to classical music.The simulation is full of advertisements, which I believe the man complains about at some point.Some characters use a drug that glows either green or blue.
What plant are the vines in the fire swamp? In the movie Princess Bride, Westley and Buttercup flee in to the Fireswamp where Westley uses his sword to cut through vines or vine like plants that are obstructing their path.  What are those vine plants?  Are they (meant to resemble) any true to life plant that actually exists (and if so, which one)?  Or are they merely a cinematic representation of the \"jungle vine\" trope plant?
Fantasy short story collection, including a fire salamander girl, a were-cougar, an anxious girl turned into a rat, and maybe a half-bigfoot girl So, I'm looking for the title of a short story collection. I'm going to briefly describe a couple of the stories: A fire salamander girl getting stolen and taken to hell, where her creator had to rescue her. A were-cougar (?) has a child with a man and leaves him. I might be mixing up the genders.A modern girl talks with Ganesha and his rat and maybe goes on a ride down a New York Highway with him.A girl with anxiety or something similar is turned into a rat by a Japanese goddess and learns to love herselfAnd maybe (I feel like I am mixing this up with something else) a half-bigfoot girl tries to be human for a while.This book was sold at Ollie's Bargain Outlet a couple years ago, it was kind of thick, perhaps 3 inches wide, and it had a green dust jacket. I believe there was a cougar or perhaps a bear in front of trees with a human next to it. Non-realistic artwork, but well done. 
2000s cartoon about a group of people interacting with animals, a man turns into a firefly; a logo helps the transformation This cartoon is from 2000-2007.It's about a group of people (4 to 5) one was a girl, they interact with animals... and one episode was about fireflies, a man (one of the group) turned into a firefly (he still had hands and face) and with a flashlight made the rest of the fireflies follow, to secure them. And each episode they used to turn into a different animal.They had a logo which helped them transform, that looked something like a paw. 
Short story about an assassin and and his alien ambassador target This has bugged me for some time re an anthology of Dark Fantasy stories I read in the 1980's.  The basic synopsis of the short story I remember best is that an assassin is contracted to kill a politician, little knowing he is an alien and is expecting him.  I was sure the story went by the title 'a small kindness' which relates to how at its end when the assassin thinks better of what he is contracted to do his 'target' shields him from getting wet.  Nevertheless I cannot track it down.  I remember it having a number of good stories which I'd love to re-visit if some helpful soul could just point me in the right direction!
Short story about a man who accidentally travels back in time with his car I'm trying to recall a short story I read somewhere in 2017-2018, most likely in an issue of The Magazine of Fantasy &amp; Science Fiction published between 1980 and 2012.The story was about a man who gets in his car - I believe coming back from work one day - but when he starts driving, he discovers that he is moving backwards in time. I recall a scene where he goes into a store to buy something, with his money from the future, and hopes that the clerk doesn't notice anything wrong. (IIRC, she doesn't.)I think he was driving on a bridge at some point.It's quite possible that I'm conflating this part with another short story I read around the same time, but if I'm not wrong, he goes to meet up with a childhood friend of his when he reaches the time that they were kids. He might even have seen himself? I think he buys one of them - either the friend or himself - a drink.At the end, I believe that he just decides to keep driving and see what happens, coming to the conclusion that there's no way for him to reverse what had happened.
Why did the Oracle encourage Neo to save Zion instead of Trinity? In The Matrix Reloaded, the Oracle encourages Neo to save Zion instead of saving Trinity. Assuming the Oracle truthfully wanted to help humanity, then why didn't she encourage him to save his love (Trinity) and not choose the door that leads him to rebooting the Matrix (saving Zion/humanity), but instead encourage him to go to the Machine City and talk to the Deus Ex Machina (as happens in the following film).
What does the world of of Ted Chiang's \"Tower of Babylon\" actually look like? Can someone visually explain the world from the 'Tower of Babylon' story? Where does the sun go at night if the world is a cylinder? Is the sun outside/inside of the cylinder or on the same level as the \u201cEarth\u201d?
What part do the Protoss play in the \u201cAscension\u201d? And if none, doesn't that make Terrans \u201cpure of form\u201d instead? In StarCraft 2, the \u201cInfinite Cycle\u201d which the Xel'naga initiate is described as the coming together of \u201cpurity of essence\u201d (ostensibly the Zerg) and \u201cpurity of form\u201d (ostensibly the Protoss), to ascend as Xel'naga.From the cinematics:<blockquote>  ... and one pure of form - a being capable of vast psionic potential, able to house the essence of a Xel'naga.</blockquote>and<blockquote>  Then the elders among them will give their lives to bestow their essence, and pure of form and pure of essence will be reborn as Xel'naga.</blockquote>And yes, the Protoss tag along and moreover are instrumental to the happenings in the Legacy of the Void.But when it comes to ascension, it seems there is no Protoss part in it. The essence of the Xel'naga is bestowed onto the Zerg and Terrans, but not the Protoss.Wouldn't that make Terrans the representatives of \u201cpurity of form\u201d? After all Kerrigan retains a strongly human form, and is capable of \u201cvast psionic potential\u201d on account of Terran birth and ghost training.Omission or interesting turn of the story?
Can aluminum block a Rosharan Shardblade We know from Oathbringer that <blockquote>  aluminum can block Nightblood.</blockquote>Does the same hold true for Shardblades from Roshar?
Old young adult sci fi book about wars fought with robots remotely, allusions to chess This is a science fiction book I read about the year 2000.  The main premise that I vaguely remember was that humans were now fighting wars with robots by proxy BUT there were still normal humans in the war zones trying to survive.I don't have much more to go on I'm sorry - but the main scene/piece that sticks out to me, was there were these \"burrowing\" robots that were the \"hunter-killers\" for the non-robot humans - I think the characters referred to these robots as Ferrets, Stoats or Weasels. I think at the end they made it to the control room or something, and realised it was all some big game of real life chess so to speak that they were caught in the middle of.English book, unsure if series. Possible female main character but unsure.
70s or 80s B-movie about aliens in a family's television, fry the house cat and trap the son inside the TV I saw this B-grade movie in the late 1970s or early 1980s about human looking aliens from another dimension who try to get to our dimension via a family's TV set.The aliens tried bringing the family cat through and it got fried. At the end, the aliens succeed in bringing the family's son into their dimension and it ends with the son inside the television yelling for help.
Little-known sci-fi story read in 1976 (Proteus?): main character is caught by a giant orange spider thing which lays eggs in him and keeps him alive All I can remember was the main character is caught by a giant orange spidery thing (not on Earth) which lays eggs in him and keeps him alive, he goes mad when the babies start eating him but survives.
Older Iron Man where he is remote controlling an Iron Man suit and it shoots up from the basement through a chute I think I remember an image of Iron Man/Tony Stark remote controlling an Iron Man suit from a basement. He's sitting in a spherical control chair, and I think that the Iron Man shoots up from a basement through a chute.I just re-watched all the MCU since 2008, I think it's from earlier than that.
Series of omnibuses about a set of 3 kingdoms, at least 1 of which has spirit animals/animal companions In this series the first set of omnibuses is about is about a female protagonist who has the bloodline of two of the kingdoms. One of the kingdoms has animal companions that are linked by birth to them when they're born, and only the linked person can communicate with them mentally. However, the protagonist, due to their bloodlines, is able to talk with any companion mentally. Eventually she marries someone from the final bloodline and her child is the perfect being and has a lion as their spirit animal. I don't remember whether the protagonist has an animal companion or not. I believe at one point she develops amnesia (which is how she meets the people of the 3rd bloodline, and is whom she marries in the future), prior to this she had a relationship with someone from the other 2 bloodlines. I may be wrong about it being just one female protagonist up to this point, the female protagonist might have married someone from the first two bloodlines and have had a daughter/son who marries into the third and gives birth to the super baby.I believe one kingdom lived in the forest (the one with spirit animals/animal companions), and the others on either side of the forest, maybe having a border the met outside the forest as well.I read this about 10-13 years ago, and is not the Astor Chronicles. The book themselves seemed relatively new at the time ( &lt; 2 years old), however since it was an omnibus of books, that means the original series had likely been out for around > 5 years at that point.
Cartoon TV series about a boy and an alien (flying head) living in the boy's watches I watched these series as a kid on TV in Russia around 2000 year or even earlier.The two main characters are a boy, who has some watch-like wristband, and an alien, who is a freely levitating head and can shrink himself to fit into the boy's watches. The alien, for some reason, always had to return inside the watches and live there.Each episode, as I remember, was about this alien helping the boy to overcome some difficulties using alien technologies.One episode I remember was the other way around: the alien needed the boy's help, so he made the boy enter the watches, whose interior turns out to be a whole universe (though almost empty).The series themselves certainly weren't Russian, but I didn't know any foreign language at the time, so I can't say what was the original even if I could hear it beneath the translation.The animation looked 1980-style.A few years ago I managed to find on the Internet only a short video from the series, which I can't find anymore. Now all my searches only result in \"Ben 10\which is not what I'm looking for: the boy wasn't a shapeshifter.
Does Yubikey 4 support multiple OpenPGP encryption keys or only one? When my OpenPGP encryption key expires, and I want to generate a new one, can I keep the old one on my Yubikey 4, or will I have to reencrypt all of my encrypted files/emails with the new key?  If I do have to reencrypt everything to the new key, is there documentation on how to do this? Note that I am using a key that is generated directly on the device itself, so that it is more secure.
Does an ISP monitor user browsing history without a subpoena? I understand that an ISP has the ability to monitor a user's Internet browsing history, but do they actually do it without a subpoena/court order? And if they do, does the user's history look exactly how the history tab in Chrome looks, or is it categorized by site/date/something else
Where are hash functions in the code of online forms? I know hardly anything about this stuff but I am interested in cryptography and online security. I'm just wondering when a hacker tries to brute force their way into a system they need to find the hashed password, the salt and the hash function. Where and how do they actually find these in an online form?
Does a bitlocker pin become part of the key? I recently added a pin to my bitlocker encryption and this seemed to be pretty much instant. In what way is this pin an actual part of the key that is needed to decrypt the hard drive? Or is it used to decrypt the actual key itself (in combination with information from the TPM) before decrypting the actual hard drive?
Certificate and key abuse I made a mistake several years ago by uploading OpenSSL certificate key (.pem and .pk8) into a blog post. The key was used to sign Android apk using SignApk.jar tool. Someone took it and used the key to sign malware apps and the bad story was i put my email address when created that certificate. This raised issues because people accused me as the creator of those apps.The question is, how can i recover this situation? some people suggest key revocation, but i don't quite understand it. As far as read from arround the net, the revocation needs to be uploaded to a CA, what CA?
Secure forwarding of 2FA SMS codes Do solutions exist for forwarding SMS messages whereby:the service provider stores no logs of messageslogin protection with google authenticator or comparable
It's there a way to bypass https nowadays? It's there a way to bypass https (using mitm attacks) on browsers like chrome, firefox, etc?I know it could be done in some way, exploiting the NTP port, but we need the interaction of the victim. And for this interaction to happen we need a dns spoof, which we can't do because all the modern browsers are patched against this attacks.So it's there a way?
Hide Database Secret in offline Java application without user credentials I've been searching the whole last week for any solution but could not find any proper answer and I hope one of you can help me.I've got an Java desktop application which uses a local H2 database (embedded mode) on a linux machine. The database uses an symmetric encryption with a password.The application can be used by anybody without asking for any kind of credentials, passwords or login information.The database secret should be hided and not be visible or editable by users. Finally the application does not have a internet connection.Is there any solution to provide the secret to the application for database encryption while protection the password from users?Or is there any other solution to protect the database data from user access while providing the data to the application?Thank you in advanceSebastian
Hide Database Secret in offline Java application without user credentials I've been searching the whole last week for any solution but could not find any proper answer and I hope one of you can help me.I've got an Java desktop application which uses a local H2 database (embedded mode) on a linux machine. The database uses an symmetric encryption with a password.The application can be used by anybody without asking for any kind of credentials, passwords or login information.The database secret should be hided and not be visible or editable by users. Finally the application does not have a internet connection.Is there any solution to provide the secret to the application for database encryption while protection the password from users?Or is there any other solution to protect the database data from user access while providing the data to the application?Thank you in advanceSebastian
Hash variation - .vc and string format? Why is a veracrypt hash contained in a '.vc' and not in what appears to be a standard mixed number and letter string format? 
Difference between XML external entities and Remote File Inclusion attacks I was just studying about the XML external entities attack and Remote File Inclusion Attack. According to my understanding, the XML external entities attack is where the XML parser in the web application has the option of external entities enabled and the attacker can parse an external XML from a remote server and execute commands or read local system files.While the remote file inclusion attack is where the attacker is able to make the system execute the a file that lies on a remote server and the contents of this file may also be malicious and the attacker can access system level files or can even install a backdoor using this vulnerability. I am not able to differentiate between XML external entities attack and remote file inclusion attack as both the attacks mean that a remote file execution can lead to leaking of the information. 
Where is the public key of the Certificate authority stored? I'm talking about SSL/TLS certificate authorities. I know that they store their private key on a very secure location. but what about their public key that our browsers use to make sure the signatures are actually signed by the certificate authority we are talking about, where is that public key stored?Is it possible to edit these public keys thus by having physical access to someone's web browser/computer can an attacker change those public keys to their own public keys and render the CA on that particular computer/web browser useless?
Command Syntax for KRACK pentesting I have been trying to pen test my router with a variety of ways, long story short, it locks out indefinitely with pixie wps until I go to the router admin page and click unlock. I tried DDOS with MDK, but I think it is ignoring me.I had the idea to MITM and use Amazon Cloud, but my calculation is that my password would take years because of it's relative complexity.Finally I read about KRACK and watched the proof of concept video while reading the paper and got stuck in what I think is a syntax newbieness, i.e I understand how it works but I don't know how to properly code it. Would you all please be so kind to point me in some reference material, other than the official krack website and the links in it?To be specific, I am working on the Andoird implementation. I know that I have to block the EAPOL msg 3 twice, send the two of them together to the client to reuse nonce 1. The problem is, how do I translate it into a bash script? That is, once I have MITM position, what would be the best command/algorithm to filter and pass the messages?EDIT: It seems that there is a misunderstanding about my original post. What I mean is that I want to hack my own android device using the KRACK Attack on Kali Linux. To make it clearer, I am trying to make own attack script but I am not sure about the syntax/command to be used. Therefore I am asking for references/books about bash script that is relatable to reproducing the Krack Attack, i.e what I need is more scripting guidance rather than the algorithm of the Krack attack as I have read the original paper. Thank you guys!
Do I need SSL/TLS for TCP It might sound stupid but I could not find the straight answer. Do I need to worry about communication security if I use only TCP socket to communicate between 2 machines? Is the byte stream can be intercepted and read in plain?Do I need to SSL/TLS if I am not using application-level protocol(HTTP)?If 2 Yes, then how to that in C++/C. 
Use passphrase-protected private key to validate user passwords I'm curious about validating user passwords (for logins and such).I see that it is common to use a salted hash to store (safely) user passwords with the intent to validate user logins.My question:Would using passphrase-protected private keys be an equivalently safe method of doing this?Possible implementation:When a user creates an account on your platform they would give you the password they intend to use. The server would then take the password and generate a new private key (based on your choice of entropy) and use the user's password as the passphrase to 'protect' the private key. You would then store the passphrase-protected private key paired with the user name so when someone tries to login with a given (registered) username, you can lookup the private key and try and unlock it with the provided password.
Is nonce of HMAC secured message considered secret? Consider app using say, HMAC-SHA2, with securely pre-shared symmetric key. Are the nonces of exchanged messages considered secret as well?<br> Or in other words, does its easy predictability or even outright knowledge(plaintext) of nonce to attacker compromise/reduce HMAC security?Some sources suggest using cryptographically secure PRNG for nonce generation as if the PRNG algorithm/seed was part of preshared secret which confuses me.
Is it safe for a client server to log into a non-trusted server with SSH? I was switching a frontend to use SSH instead of HTTP for the backend, and then it hit me. HTTP is stateless, so I can send requests to a server which I don\u2019t trust. But how about SSH? Isn\u2019t SSH a two side channel communication?Example:Server A executes commands on Server B with SSH. Opens, executes and closes the session.How safe is this for Server A in case Server B gets compromised? Could an attacker potentially use this connection to log back into Server A, executes commands or pull data on the channel?To resume is it safe for the end client to SSH into non-trusted servers?
Is the security of a VPN client on a Virtual Machine decreased? It's well known that VPN clients might leak their true IP, due to applications like Skype or WebRTC clients or who knows. Moreover, services like Google keep complaining that I connected from an \"unknown device\" and they lock even simplest services (e.g., IMAP) until manual confirmation, just because I appear to have switched to an overseas IP. So, I'm thinking of a different setting: for private/sensitive activities, I'll use a Linux system on top of VirtualBox, which has a VPN client on it. The Linux box will have the bare minimum, won't use my regular accounts, won't use rubbish browsers like Chrome, etc. For all the rest, which is not critical and I don't mind much if they track me and send me ads based on what I browsed on Amazon, I'll keep using the host, without VPN and with more basic protection against spies (e.g., firewall, anti-spyware/malware software, using Linux and not crappy Windows).Question is: will this setting decrease the security of that VM/VPN client? I mean, compared to a physical machine connecting the wifi or the home router directly? Is there some danger that they track the host, e.g., by inspecting TCP/IP data? Can they do other tricks to associate the VPN connection to the host, or some other device in the same home network (e.g., smartphones/tablets, which of course aren't on the VPN either)?
Find out Browser's AES generated key on SSL/TLS When it comes to TLS handshakes. first of all I'm wondering how the AES keys which are responsible for encrypting data is generated? is it generated randomly on the browser and it's securely sent to HTTPS server or server is responsible for generating those keys? Secondly is there any way to actually find out those AES keys which browser(for example Chrome) uses for encrypting data (after SSL/TLS authentication successfully handled)? 
Is it possible for first party cookies set by a.com to somehow know that the user also visited b.com (i.e. able to read the url)? Is it possible for some malicious website (a.com) to set a first party cookie in my desktop browser when I visit a.com and use it to read other URLs I'm browsing? Any hints will be appreciated!
Does ATA security support or allow for 2FA? I understand TCG OPAL is the spiritual successor of ATA Security for hard drive encryption with SEDs. They claim there is support for biometrics etc, but how is it for the predecessor, ATA Security?Is it just a 32 bytes ASCII password, or do some motherboards offer 2FA, e.g. in the form of a USB stick or OTP?
Is it secure to store encryption key (encrypted with master key) with the data it was used to encrypt? I am working on a password sharing web site. I would like users to be able to enter their credentials and share them with other users. I am thinking about using KMS service to store master key (just one) and have a database to store key - credentials pairs. User's credentials will be encrypted with the key from the database and the key stored in the database (different for each credentials) will be encrypted using KMS master key. AES encryption algorithms will be used for both: encrypting user's credentials and encrypting the key used to encrypt the credentials. Would it be secure enough to store encrypted key along with credentials or is there a better approach?
KEK access control I have a linux server.I want to encrypt (and decrypt) data that is stored in a database. There are several processes that need to be able to do this, some of them my own applications, but also scripts running under nginx.I want to use a Data Encryption Key (DEK) to do so. In order to unlock the DEK I use a Key Encryption Key (KEK). The KEK is provided by prompting the administrator when the system boots.What is the best way of storing the DEK so that these processes (but only these!) have access to it? My initial idea was to store it in shared memory, but that means every process has potential access to it. (is that correct?)The next idea was to store it on a tmpfs, which at least has some access control (with regards to UIDs and GIDs) on which process can and cannot read it.
Why request and response calls in my burp suite python plugin come in such random order? So I am trying to write this burp plugin using jython and python for burp suite. Now in the processHttpMessage body, I found before a proper execution of the entire method takes place for one request message, it starts executing for another request message. Why is this? And how can I stop it from happening?
SSL/TLS Client certificate's key with or without pass phrase? I have a small PKI for our web server that will require client certificates.When generating the private key for CSR (edit: CSR for a client certificate ), I can do it with or without a pass phrase.What is the importance of using a pass phrase (or not)?.EDIT 2: For my setup, I will be giving users a PFX/P12 file, which will have an export/import passphrase, since the only passphrase I used when importing a client certificate was the \"export\" passphrase, I guess the private key is included in the PFX/P12? if so, there's not much difference for me to whether I use a passphrase for the key or not, right?So if all above is right, , why would I want to protect the private key? 
How precisely can your ISP tell you are using Tor? I often read that your ISP can tell if you are using Tor. Assuming you use a bridge the only way to do this seems to be statistical analysis of a packet capture. How exactly is this done given that the initial connection is over TLS and can you prevent it?
How precisely can your ISP tell you are using Tor? I often read that your ISP can tell if you are using Tor. Assuming you use a bridge the only way to do this seems to be statistical analysis of a packet capture. How exactly is this done given that the initial connection is over TLS and can you prevent it?
Sharing a message broker between remote systems We are currently exploring solutions to push/synchronize data between two systems (in two separate networks) in \"near\" realtime.The solutions are somewhat limited :Some kind of RPC mechanism : HTTP \"Web Hooks\gRPC, SOAP, whatever...Sharing some kind of message-broker/queue (Apache Kafka, RabbitMQ, NATS...)From what I see, most message brokers are like databases : they implement a minimal level of security (credentials and sometimes TLS), but they rely mostly on network security. Question : is there a secure way to share a message-broker between two remote systems ?  All I could think of was either putting an application in front (hence falling back to solution 1.), or using a VPN.
Is securing Apache with SSL certificates enough to protect all of the underlying applications? I have a few applications that serve HTTP content on localhost.I have installed apache and configured reverse proxy so that apache routes all the traffic to the underlying applications based on URL patterns.Then I ran cert-bot and installed an SSL certificate from Let's Encrypt.Only apache knows about SSL and HTTPS.Is this secure? Am I doing anything wrong?Is it more secure if my applications handle SSL or can I let apache take care of it?I know that anyone inside my server can bypass SSL of course. I dont consider that a problem.
What are currently used types of certificates and what they can be used for? There are a lot of different certificates. But how do they differ?There are certificates for \"code signing\". Certificates for SSL websites. Why WWW certificates cannot be used for code signing? For me, certificate is certificate and has public and private key. And (i think) all certificates are the same. What are types of certificates (most common) and how do they differ so one can't be used for other activities?Tried looking for comparision, but couldn't find any good source.
Does the OWASP Zed Attack Proxy project have a list of all the vulnerabilities it tries to find/exploit? I'm trying to compile a list of vulnerabilities that ZAP tries to find when you run the \"Active Scan\" in ATTACK mode on a webapp. Does this list exist in the documentation anywhere? If it also has a list of all the inputs that it tries that would be very helpful.
Avoiding redirects I'm working on a site where users can input URLs.The URLs should point to sites where you can buy an item (for birthday/special event/...)It also sends out mails to e-mail addresses the user provides.Now, I would like to assess how unsafe this is and to mitigate the unsafeness if possible. (It's a hobby project, if it's too unsafe I'll abandon it).I'm mostly concerned with the URLs.I can imagine that it isn't impossible to find someplace in an online store where a redirect is issued (and where an attacker could inject a custom URL).Is it safe to only accept URLs (given on my site) that respond with an http code 200? (in other words, does every redirect which is not issued by javascript only possible if the http return code is different from 200?)
Can there be a secret ballot software in a membership-based community? There is an online membership community. Every member has the ssh key that they use to perform various functions.There is the need to vote on sensitive issues. Members don't want to disclose their votes, only want them to be securely counted. Members don't want to trust a human to do this.Can there be a computer program that can accept votes from members without the possibility of easy tampering and disclosure?I imagine it the way that every member can connect with the ssh key, perform some operation like answer a voting question, the system will change its state and record the vote, but will be only able to tell the final count after the minimum number of votes is counted and the voting is closed, and won't theoretically be able to tell individual answers.I imagine that there should be some cryptographic algorithm that can do this.
Do I run the risk of not being anonymous with this setup? Basically, I created a gmail account using a VPN, and then created a tumblr associated with that Gmail also using a VPN. However, I am now realizing that tumblr records the type of device I am using and google tracks everything so my browser fingerprint could give me away. I want to know, if I delete the email and the tumblr that I created using a VPN, then install a VM on my laptop, use a VPN on the VM, install Tails and Tor, and then recreate the GMail and Tumblr, how anonymous would I be? Would google then still be able to use a browser fingerprint? Or would tumblr still be able to identify what kind of device is being used?And I also have a VM right now, should I uninstall it and then reinstall it to start fresh so that no previous information could be used. When I last used my VM I didn't have a VPN on 
How bad is WEP security presently? I just discovered that a wireless network that I frequently connect to still uses WEP security. How bad is this for me, the end user of the network? What steps should I take to secure my devices, accounts, etc. until such time as the network switches to using WPA?EDIT: I do not have control over the network's security, I am an end user and I wish to protect myself from the implications of using a network with WEP. I do not care about issues that the access point faces, only the issues that I might personally face as a person who uses the network. I also do not care about theoretical exploits (such as traffic being decryptable) as much as specific things which might be different (such as people being able to steal my login information).
What is the actual mechanism when we used VPN on HTTPS Will the VPN intercept the client's connection and read client's sending content or insert something else into clients's sending content? What is the actual process when we used VPN to access to one HTTPS website?
Hide algorithm and variables I have some variables in my algorithm that I would not want others to see.Party A would write an algorithm which will use my variables. But party's A algorithm should remain hidden i.e. I should not see it.I run A's algorithm  which uses my variables and it produces an output.In reality the problem is that Party A might be an adversary. There are lots of parties writing algorithms so there is not only one party A. We can assume that most of the parties are not bad.Is there a way to prevent my variables from leaking out to Party A?If someone knows a paper about this could you point me in the right direction. The solution can also be one that is indistinguishably hard.
Do we need to set the X-Frame-Options header for JS files too? I have added the X-Frame-Options header for my HTML files from web server itself. Do I still need to add it for other static files like CSS and JS( which I serve from cloudfront/s3) ?
Domain SSL encryption from client to DNS Server Im wondering why the domain name is not encrypted when a request do a DNS Server is made. As it seems this is the main weaknesses for internet users.I came to this when i heard that in germany vodafone has blocked kinox.to from their customers.The Question which came up is how can they determine which site you are trying to access if everything is encrypted?And could we solve the USA net neutrality problem with just encrypting the domain name?
Handling the loss of a phone with FIDO UAF I would like to know how this UAF method works when we lose our phone. With Google Authenticator we have to save on a paper some info about the generation of the secret key. But how does this work with UAF? If you have also some website that implements it and where I can try it thank you for sharing them. 
Security concerns related to API Key in Website I want to make a weather-forecast website and was planning to make AJAX requests to the openweathermap API to load the weather data.However, I am uncertain on how to properly use the API key. I was going to include the key in a JS script, but I am concerned that the key might be \"stolen\" either from GitHub or the html source.AFAIK the key can only be used to make weather data requests, but it could still be abused to make an inordinate number of requests.Would including the key in the html file be a bad practice? If so, how would I properly implement it?
standards for regulation of intermediate Certificate authority I want to know some information about the regulation of intermediate CAs. Is there any standard for intermediate CA to determine how many intermediate CAs are required or something like that which concerns the application of intermediate CA?
How do headphones work? Do they contain firmware? How do headphones work? Do they contain any firmware or any instruction set? Are they vulnerable to anything? Good old wired analog Jack ones, not USB wired, wireless, Bluetooth which have lot of fundamental flaws in design... 
Can a security job be cracked without OSCP? I have my B.Tech in Information Technology with CEHv8 certification. I have 2 years of vulnerability assessment experience and 1.5 years of python automation experience. I am not able to crack any security job interviews.I mainly look forward for Application security but I had worked only for web application assessment and have experience on XSS, clickjacking, poodle, heartbleed and CSRF. I get rejected in penetration testing interviews because of lack of OSCP or mobile security testing experience.OSCP certification is bit costly for me and I am not sure how much time I can spent daily for it since I work for python automation right now.My plan was to get into a security role and then do OSCP, so that, I could spent time on it, I would be able to practice with experience as well as mainly I can reimburse the certification cost in the company.Are there any suggestions for me on how to achieve or proceed with my career dream? Is certification must or can I go with some other certification or something else? What effort do I need to put? I am well versed in Python.
Recover password that contains known phrase I want to recover a long password with hashcat. The password contains a phrase and between the words are special character sequences. These sequences are limited (&lt; 4) and unknown. But the set of characters to pick from is known and small (&lt; 6).Example Phrase: Barbara walks the dog<br>Special Characters: $%-\"<br>Possible Password: Barbara%walks$$%the$dogI tried to generate all the passwords with regex but that file grew too big. How do I achieve this with hashcat e.g. their rule system?
How to Remotely Retrieve Password Hash from Computer Just for fun, I wanted to see if I could remotely extract the password hash of my own user account on my own Mac.Assume that the device is running either the latest version of macOS Sierra (10.12.6) or High Sierra (10.13.3). Also, assume that the computer has remote management and SSH enabled. The only catch is that SSH is set to not allow any user to authenticate.Knowing this, is there any way that I could remotely grab the password hash of my local account to attempt to crack it on another PC?
What to do after rejecting an invalid CSRF token? I'm implementing CSRF protection (using Symfony's CSRF library), and I'm wondering what response to send to clients upon receiving an invalid token.Currently we have a session that lasts 30 days, and we'd like the CSRF token to expire after 12 hours (I'm keeping track of the expire time in the backend, not a cookie). So there is a possibility that a user may leave a page open all day and try to submit a form.I've seen this happen with JIRA when I return to my computer a day after leaving a page open, as their session is long lasting as well, but the CSRF token only lasts a day or so. My plan right now is similar to that flow \u2014 to send a 403 error, and then a new token will be sent on the next GET request (assuming their session is still valid).Also, what is the recommendation for data the user filled out in HTML forms? Should I keep track of it and repopulate the form with data they already entered when they finally get back to that page?
What are the potential vulnerabilities of allowing a large http body size? With NGINX and PHP I am allowing 5GB files to be 'uploaded' to my server although they will not be downloaded unless they are 'legitimate' (that is for another question ;)). I was wondering is this is making it easier for DDOS attacks or other attacks or is it as vulnerable as normal seeing as 1 large request is the same if not less intensive than as many small http requests.
Does TLS protocol make encryption at L2/L3 layers redundant? If a pair of endpoints are using TLS protocol for secure data exchanges, does it make the encryption at the network or MAC layers redundant? E.g. if I create a TLS session between two endpoints using bluetooth as transport, then can I turn off encryption at bluetooth level and still get the same level of data communication security?
What implementations of Biometrics Encryption exist now? As I was studying a paper authored by Anna Romanou with title \"The necessity of the implementation of Privacy by Design in sectors where data protection concerns arise\" I came across Ann Cavoukian's proposal that states on how to use biometrics. What is stated is to use biometric characteristics as a key to encrypt another credential such as pin, password, conventional cryptographic keys and using the second type of credential as authentication, therefore there is no need to store biometric information that is extremely sensitive.So if a software/systems Engineer wanted to use this type of cryptography, what algorithms/libraries does he/she has at his disposal?Note: The purpose of this question is to create a public index of libraries and algorithms for these type of encryption in order for our colleagues to use it. For example, a .NET developer can use the X library.
VPN Shared IP and wrongful attribution of traffic correlation of the encrypted packets by Feds/LEA I use Pia, arguably one of the most popular paid VPN's on the market today. Imagine this HYPOTHETICAL scenario. I stay on the East coast, and i use my virtual IP location as the VPN's Datacenter in New York.My external virtual IP from where i go out onto the internet, is a \"shared ip\" meaning, the same Pia IP address is used by atleast 100 other VPN customers to send out requests along with me.Suppose out of the 100 connected VPN customers,there are 20 users using the latest Chrome browser, and all 20 are logged into their respective gmail accounts.One of the users WHO IS NOT LOGGED INTO GOOGLE, searches for something illegal, illegal enough to BE FLAGGED by google's A.I., and it automatically sends this tip forward to the LEA or multiple 3 letter agencies.The LEA gets back to google, says we need to know the IP address of who searched for this term/combination of words, and give us information IF SOMEONE WAS LOGGED INTO YOUR SERVICE, while this flagged search term was entered into your search engine.Google complies, but the google team is also suspicious and apprehensive, because they realize that there are 20 other users who have the SAME IP when they logged in. So, after some deliberation of whether to forward the requested info or hold back because they are unsure/of the request from LEA is too broad, they decide let LEA handle the attribution, we will just give them all we have and exit the situation.Now, LEA thinks, \"its one of these 20guys/girls who has searched for this information, lets try to narrow down by going after these accounts one by one. A very hard task indeed. HOWEVER, THE PROBLEM IS, THE USER WHO SEARCHED FOR THE FLAGGED INFO, IS NOT LOGGED INTO ANY SOCIAL MEDIA OR ANY PERSONAL ACCOUNT.So, what if LEA does some parallel construction and frames the wrong innocent guy? Could this be possible, that just using a VPN, if some idiot user decides to threaten someone or kidnap someone or email in a bomb threat, then all the 99 other users will be under scrutiny?
Buffer overflow: How is it actually implemented in a pen testing environment? Background:So when exploiting a Buffer Overflow vulnerability, the attacker needs to not only generate the payload (Let's say to create a binding shell), but also set up the corrupted buffer with the said payload to be sent to the victim's machine. (ie. a tcp echo server that utilizes a vulnerable BoF function call  that is running on Windows XP OS). And as part of setting up the buffer, there needs to be certain parameters taken from the victim's machine; such as the EIP offset at the moment of the crashthe memory location of the corrupted EIP (pointing at the payload tobe executed).My Question is: In a professional pen testing environment how would the pen tester access the above two parameters without having access to the victim's machine? Meaning without having to install a disassembler and debugger inside the victim PC and actually analyze the program in the debugger. Is there another way to simulate this attack without having access to the victim's machine? 
Should a CDN service like Cloudflare protect against Brute Force Attacks, or only from DDoS? I know that CDN services usually protect a user by hiding it's original machine's IP and by screening (and banning) any attackers that send too many requests in the form of DDoS.But should a CDN service like Cloudflare protect against Brute Force Attacks, or only from DDoS?
Will this auth scheme be secure and protect user passwords/hashes? I am working on a website with accounts and I want a login scheme that does not expose users' passwords or hashes in the event of a total security failure. I would greatly appreciate some feedback on this authentication scheme:Client retrieves auth challenge from serverPassword is hashed to 32 byte integer on clientInteger is used to create a keypair, PK, using static keypair generatorTemporary session key is generated, SKChallenge is signed with PKSK.public and challenge signature are encrypted with PK.private and server public keyCipher is sent to server with usernameServer decrypts cipher using associated public key for username, checks challenge signature and allows SK.public to be used for x timeEdit: I'm a fool, this doesn't add any level of security. If the generator is static then it literally has no advantage over a hash. This one was super obvious and I should have caught it, but it's still a good reminder not to try to make new protocols unless you really know what you're doing.
How do security experts benefit from reverse-engineering? How can reverse engineering (RE) help a security expert?<br>I've participated in CTF challenges and I have seen RE as an important part of CTFs. Can anyone explain or show me a real scenario that shows how RE or cracking can help hackers break security?
Security and Veracrypt I have a few questions about Security and Veracrypt and hope you can clarify it for me.I don't want the VeraCrypt hidden volume I created to be damaged. If I mount the hidden volume and transfer files there'd no damage, and if I enable the option 'Protect hidden volume against damage caused by writing to outer volume ' In the Mount Options dialog window, and write to the outer volume, there is no damage to the hidden volume, is that correct?if someone has access to a Veracrypt encrypted flash drive, they wouldn't be able to mount or write information to it, and BadUSB, flashing malware into the firmware wouldn't be possible?The only possibility would be to physically open up the flash drive and insert something into it? How likely is that to happen by someone who isn't the government and how much it would cost?I assume that it would be different for a PC with an encrypted hard drive as they would be able to flash malware into the firmware if the BIOS isn't password protected, but what if the BIOS is password protected but you can still use the multi device boot option and boot a Linux operating system from a flash drive? (I know that PC does that). Does that mean that they could flash something into the firmware? How do I test if it's possible on that PC?If four isn't possible, the only possibility would be again to open up the PC and insert something into the hardware, is that correct? How likely is that to happen by someone who isn't the government and how much would it cost?Is there really no way to check if they inserted something into the firmware or to check if they inserted something into the hardware? How do you keep your information safe if your PC or flash drive could be compromised with no way to check if it has been compromised, aside from getting a new machine?Please answer as much of it as you can, it's alright if you don't know all of the answers. Thanks
How to continue your Aircrack-ng Bruteforce where you left off? I am performing a WPA/WPA2-PSK Attack using Aircrack-ng. The Wordlist i am using is 100 GB but i have to Shutdown my PC after a certain time so how am i supposed to continue the Attack where i left off?
Password manager and account recovery I'd like to start using a password manager, but I'm not sure how to handle account recovery.I'm not a criminal or a secret agent, so if I lose my master password (or my second authentication factor, like a Yubikey thumbdrive, or my own thumb), I don't want my data to be unrecoverable (and by \"my data\" , I mean \"my access right to all my accounts for which I used my password manager to store potentially automatically generated and forgettable passwords\": I can afford to lose access to my password manager, if I can reset it, and regain access to all my accounts separately with each of their account recovery options).Let's assume I don't use the password manager's vault recovery, because they all seam unsafe or unpractical, when they are available. The only way to be able to recover any account in any situation (phone, computer and password-list-on-a-piece-of-paper lost or taken by someone else, for example) is by using account recovery from an email address, since it only requires an internet access and a password, but it just moves the problem elsewhere. For example, I could use an unique recovery email address for all accounts from a security-oriented provider like ProtonMail, and use it only for account recovery to make it less visible to potential attackers. But it's still another password to remember (with the master password) and another entry point, and if I use the password manager to store this new password but lose the master password, the recovery address becomes useless. The only solution I can think about is by using a trusted person (like my wife) to store on their password manager my recovery address password and to never change it (unless their master password is compromised for example), and I could do the same for theirs. That way, it's unlikely that we both lose access to our respective password managers. So my question is: Which strategy is the best concerning password manager and account recovery?Are password managers vault recovery more secure than my propositions? Are there better alternatives?P.S. : When I say \"password manager's vault recovery\I mean \"password manager's means to recover my vault or my master password\and when I say \"account recovery\I mean \"account provider's means to recover my account or my password which I stored in my password manager\for example, Facebook specific account recovery means. 
Token FIPS 140-2 level 3 with support for Android, iPhone and Web I'm testing a SafeNet 5100 token FIPS 140-2 level 3. It comes with programs to access and manage it, but only for desktop machines.I would like to create applications that use level 3 tokens. Is there any level 3 token that provides access from Android, iPhone and web pages?  For example Nano Ledger provides apk library, and web pages access, but it's not FIPS level 3.I would like to create multiplatform apps using digital signatures from secure tokens.Thanks in advance
Token FIPS 140-2 level 3 with support for Android, iPhone and Web I'm testing a SafeNet 5100 token FIPS 140-2 level 3. It comes with programs to access and manage it, but only for desktop machines.I would like to create applications that use level 3 tokens. Is there any level 3 token that provides access from Android, iPhone and web pages?  For example Nano Ledger provides apk library, and web pages access, but it's not FIPS level 3.I would like to create multiplatform apps using digital signatures from secure tokens.Thanks in advance
How do large organisations manage access for their Instagram account? A platform like Facebook has fairly standard access management for Facebook pages - where multiple individual user accounts can be assigned to roles with varying privileges on the Facebook page, and the person(s) with the admin role can revoke those privileges. Instagram on the otherhand, has a strict one username/one password access model. Where content management can be abstracted using a tool like Buffer or Hootsuite (which allows content to be scheduled and queued via a desktop browser application), in order for someone to actually post to Instagram they need to use their phone, with the single username and password, to post the content.This seems sketchy - a large organisation that is perhaps providing customer service via their instagram account, would need multiple people having access, and there's what to do when someone gets sick etc. But if they all share the password - it seems a recipe for being locked out of your account, an employee going rogue etc. Is there any literature around how large companies are dealing with this currently? It seems that Instagram just doesn't lend itself to use by an organisation - and I'm wondering how organisations deal with this. 
Creating portable bash terminal & cmd to USB Developing my toolkit and I want to have a safe edition of cmd.exe and bash on a usb. Why? These can be tampered with by attackers and I want a version I know is safe from manipulation. Any suggestions? Is this even possible today? I've read old stories about it. I've considered cygwin but it's only executable from Windows (currently don't have access to Windows) but unable to find any other possibilities. Is this not possible since it's tied locally? Thank you!edit: changed \"bootable\" to \"portable\" to lessen confusion.
Is DDoS a specific type of ALDoS In a very broad terminology:I understand Application Layer Denial of Service (ALDoS) to be a 1 machine on 1 machine attack.I understand Distributed Denial of Service DDoS (DDoS) to be a 2 or more machines on one machine attack (usually a thousand machines attack one machine).If we go broad enough, even operating systems are computer applications.These are my conclusions as a non IS expert who tried to read and listen to conversations. I might misunderstood anything but I just want to know if this broad distinction is enough accurate.
Ettercap man in the middle - ARP poison I am experimenting a bit with Ettercap in my local Wifi Lan.I have a router (R), my pc (P) with Ettercap running on it and my smarthphone (S).In particular am testing the ARP poison MIM attack and it seems to work, but I have some doubts.I have been able to make R believe that P has the S mac address and to make S believe that P has the R mac address. So the router maps the smartphone IP to my PC mac address and the smartphone maps the Router IP with my pc mac address.Now, when the Smartphone sends packets to the Router it uses the PC mac address and when the Router sends packets to the Smartphone it uses the PC mac address. Let's suppose that the Router sends a packet that should be for the Smartphone, the smartphone will get the packet as am using WIFI so everyone can see everything but will it drop because Mac Address mismatching?Also, the PC will be able to get Smartphone packets from the router, but layer 2 will not drop the packets as Mac address matches with PC Mac address, but as the IP does not match, the Kernel should not drop it?
SRI for CSP - how do I get the hash for inline code? I have been messing about with website design for years, but I am no expert - more of a hardware junkie. CSP is fascinating for me now that I am starting to branch out into web development. I was really battling with hashes for my scripts because I used an online SHA-384 generator &amp; Chrome wouldn't recognise those. Eventually I twigged that Chrome actually supplied 256-bit hashes for me, and I could include those in my .htaccess file - it was just a question of iterating over the pages on my site, grabbing the hashes, and including them in my list of approved scripts &amp; styles. As I said, I am no coding master, so I have encountered a problem where Chrome doesn't give me the actual hash for a script, trunctating it to sha256..., and I have no clue what script is running (Wordpress). Before you all shout me down, I have built sites without using a CMS, but this is the platform I am working on at the moment. How do I find the code for the injected script so I can hash it &amp; include it? From Mozilla's docs, I found that a hash should include all white space excluding the \"script\" tag - I tried that &amp; got nowhere with my FB Pixel code, so I deleted that, perhaps you have an answer for me on that one?As for the inline injected script - I need to find out how to identify what is being injected, and how to hash it for my CSP. 
Does ARP spoofing works in case the target ARP cache has the gateway I am trying to create a script that will do a basic ARP spoofing attack (I choose this StackExchange website because the question is more about the theoretical side), and I see no reference to the attack in case the computer already has the gateway IP in its cache (and the same for the target's IP in the gateway cache).As I see it, the computer most of the time should have the gateway in its cache, and therefore an attack will be possible only if one can predict when the ARP table gets reset automatically or can answer before the gateway.I would like to understand which ARP replay should he save and which he should discard; and whether there is a way to use the attack even if the gateway IP is in the target's cache.
Can one factor be used multiple times in multi factor authentication? Is it mandatory in MFA that the factors should be (1) something you have  + (2) something you know + (3) something you are, or it is okay to use any single of two factors multiple times (e.g. password + fingerprint + retina scan)? It seems there are one more factor to consider as \"Something you do\" which includes your handwriting pattern, typing speed etc [Ref: Computer Security: Art &amp; Science by Mat Bishop].
What are the relation (difference and similarities) between Replay attack, reflection attack and relay attack? What are the relation (difference and similarities) between Replay attack, reflection attack and relay attack?<br>All of them together seems a mess to understand! Are they not MITM?
Hardware-Based Password Manager Folks,I'm trying to improve my password management, and I have a vision in mind for a solution. However, I'm having a problem putting it all together or finding a product(s) that fits.First I would like to find out if my overall specification/strategy is workable?Baseline (non-negotiable) requirements:A password manager with an encrypted (AES-256 or better) local-only password database/vault.  No cloud storage: so services like LastPass etc. are not going to work for me. (Password manager in the sense that all account passwords are accessible from a single master password)Installable / integrated onto a hardware-encrypted USB-3 thumb drive, preferably one of those with a numerical keypad on the side of the thumb drive that unlocks the drive before inserting into a USB port. The password manager software runs directly from the thumb drive (Windows minimum, but Windows + Android preferred) without any software installation required onto the host system.Ability to backup the password database/vault (in case the encrypted thumb drive gets lost or stolen).Feature requirements (really, really want these, too):Can generate randomized passwords for new accountsCan autofill login ID and password fields in a browser window without the need for copy/paste (and therefore avoids the security holes involved with Windows clipboard).Next-level features (all above could likely be accomplished with KeePass + hardware/keypad encrypted thumb, but the below would bring the overall security to the next level - if this is achievable and a product(s) exists...?)Multifactor authentication (like U2F) of the password manager software/vault itself: the encrypted USB drive itself serves as the hardware token that allows the software/vault to unlock (something along the lines of a Yubikey).  That way if the password vault file itself is copied from the thumb drive (from across the network, say at work), and they grabbed my master vault password (for example a keylogger), the vault still could not be unlocked / unencrypted because they wouldn't have the physical hardware token serving as the 2nd authentication/decryption factor.And to really ensure a robust solution, the USB drive would adhere to the military spec for encrypted drives (FIPS 140-2 Level 3 compliance, incl. testing by an independent lab)My last arrangement was close: the Ironkey (before the company was purchased by Kingston).  It was a FIPS compliant encrypted (USB2) drive with onboard proprietary password manager software.  But the password manager has been dropped from the product line, leaving it (basically) just an expensive hardware encrypted thumb drive.Any advice on the above would be very much appreciated.
Any Alternative to Ngrok for constant Connection? Im trying to build RAT to test on my computer. I use ngrok for hacking on WAN. But ngrok has a problem of changing its subdomain once the connection is reset. So, I cant use ngrok for hacking over WAN. I tried using ngrok sub-domain, but now it has become a premium plan. Please suggest me some alternatives for ngrok which will provide me constant subdomain even if the connection is reset. Also, suggest if there are any other methods for hacking over WAN other than SSH Tunneling, Using VPN and port forwarding.
Compiler Parameters to isolate a C++ program Is there any set of compiler parameters that can be used to prevent a C++ program from having any access to most system functions, leaving it with access to read/write to stdin/stdout, but otherwise unable to harm the system.This strikes me as being useful for systems such as a homework submission server or an online \"tryit\" server.
PGP Data loss prevention for Linux endpoints If a company allows his employees to use encryption, especially PGP encryption, it will run into trouble. Because AES128 is unbreakable, that means traffic which is routed in the intranet can't be monitored and checked for critical information. The idea behind Data loss prevention is, that a company has control over the data, and PGP bypass this control.In Windows environments the problem is solved in reality by PGP Endpoint data loss prevention systems. That is computersoftware, who can read a message before it is encrypted. So the IT-department gets control back over his data. Such tools were sold commercially in a Security suite. But how is the situation under Linux? If the company has employees, who are using their own Linux distribution and PGP too, what is here the right choice in Data loss prevention? Could this be one of the reason, why PGP is not very often used?
How completely wipe information of overwritten files and folder? I have only a basic understanding of how files are written in a hard disk. Here I assume the files are overwritten this way.File A is deletedIts address is removed and showed vacantNew File B is overwritten above the space of File AI am assuming here that even though we are deleting File A and overwriting with File B, we can still recover File A with its residual information using powerful software or instruments.I have an idea to remove this residual information. Lets assume we have an imaginary hard disk with 10 GB space in which 5GB is filled with files and  the other 5GB is empty. Then we select all the 5GB files in the hard disk then Ctrl+X (cut) it and then Ctrl+V (paste) the same files in same hard disk. Performing this operation for n number of steps thus overwriting it again and again. Will this completely wipe the residual information?
Can location/owner of mobile phone be identified Let's say someone uses GSM network mobile phone to pursue his/her online activities on social networking platforms. The mobile phone is Android and all online activities are done through a VPN tunnel (Droid VPN). Posit He/She runs a Facebook account that cannot be identified whose account is it in person.Can the origin/owner (by tracing mobile phone number/ location) be identified by anyone tracing that social platform or mobile activities? If yes how that can be thwarted?Scenario example:CellX(a GSM mobile phone) is on BTSY (network tower under which cellX resides). On May 6, 2018 at 24:30:02:2034 owner of cellX posted on Facebook and BTSY adds timestamp, IME, apps that generated that packets, geolocation, destination of the packets etc. Authority later collects all packets between 24:30:02:2034-5 seconds  and 24:30:02:2034+5 seconds i.e. timestamp filter.From those packets authority applies further filters like geolocation (of suspicious places) and more filters just to track the original poster. Likewise more filter to be applied utill the poster is pinpointed! All these processes are done while the authority is unaware of the content of the packets due to encryption, let alone if the authority is able to decrypt the packets! Could you suggest a way of being pseudonymous?
Is it safe to get html encoded data from database to prevent stored XSS attack? for security purpose now i'm fetching all data from database with htmlEncoded format. it is correct? please help..
Exchange of public keys with DHE-RSA The paper \"Imperfect Forward Secrecy: How Diffie-Hellman Fails in Practice\" by Adrian et al claims that the NSA might be able to eavesdrop on a large percentage of TLS connections, because they managed to crack certain Diffie-Hellman groups.Now, I assume a situation where a client is connected to a server via DHE-RSA. What I don't understand is why, in this situation, cracking Diffie-Hellman alone would be enough to eavesdrop. Wouldn't it be necessary for the NSA to also get ahold of the private RSA key of the server? Put in different words: When the client sends his DH public key to the server, doesn't he encrypt his DH public key with the RSA public key of the server? (If not, why not?)
Long lived auth session for native mobile app I\u2019m working on mobile app which should have both good security and UX.My backend stores credentials on its side. There is no 3rd-party auth services. Also the app shouldn\u2019t have web views as part of auth process. And finally it should have long-lived session.At first I was thinking about usual short access and long refresh token system. However, as long as mobile apps are downloaded on user devices I can\u2019t be sure that someone won\u2019t stole some of this tokens. So basically there is even no reason to make this two tokens.So may be there\u2019s some other way to authenticate user more securely with having features described above?
Collision-free cryptographic hashing? I wish to hash something that outputs a collision-free hash, and to use that hash as an id in a database. Using conventional cryptographic hashing (fixed-length) means there is a chance of collision, and that the id might not become unique.Does such a cryptographic hash exist?I guess I could always use deterministic asymmetric encryption and encrypt something with the public key, throw away the private key, and use the output as a sort of hash, but anyhow -- was wondering if there are other possibilities.Basically my problem is this -- I want each username to have a record in my database, but if someone gets a hold of my database, I don't want anyone be to able to read the username from a record. No user will ever know the username of someone else, thereby eliminating the possibility of simply hashing and testing if someone exists in the database.
Can opening an email be tracked with a wav file? I work for a large company and they are currently running a phishing training program. I received one of these \"safe\" phishing emails and found something I don't really understand.There are several png files and one wav file that are hidden at the bottom, all of which reference what looks to be a unique web site. I know that loading the png image can be used for tracking but by default (I use Outlook 2016) images are blocked and therefore wouldn't load unless I allowed them.So my question is, can wav files be used for tracking when an email is opened and get around the default picture blocking behaviour?
Fuzzing with Owasp-Zap I am doing web application testing and mostly performing injections into fields etc. Instead of having to do these manually in each form field how do I go about making this automated against all form fields on a page? I heard this can be done in OWASP-zap but cannot figure out how to do it. Can someone shed some light on this for me?
AES-CBC then SHA vs AES-GCM for encrypting and authenticating a web token I am trying to have something like JWT but kinda ad hoc and encrypted. The token itself is simply a stringified JSON that contains the user id and unix timestamp. Now, I tried to use AES-128-GCM, however I did some simple modification in the ciphertext before decrypting, just appended some bytes to the ciphertext, and found that it decrypts successfully, does that mean that those bytes were counted as padding and that AES GCM is authenticate then encrypt algorithm? because I feel that encrypt then authenticate feels more secure to me. Also, is AES GCM authentication even secure enough to be compared to SHA256 for example or is it CRC tier for quick integrity and cannot be used for secure authentication like HMAC?In other words: is AES-128-CBC then SHA-256 more secure than AES-128-GCM?
DRM using embedded private key I've started learning about cryptography used for DRM solutions, and curious to know if this is a valid solution for a custom embedded system running purchased software assets.ECDSA public / private key is generated before device manufacture.Private key is embedded in device, and public key is registered on company server against device's serial number.When software is purchased, the hardware's serial number is sent to server as part of the transaction.Before being made available to download by purchaser, the software is encrypted using the hardware's public key, associating the software with that particular hardware.Once stored on the hardware, the software is decrypted Just In Time for execution using the embedded private key.
Integrate OData pentesting tool to ZAP add-on We are currently working on a ZAP (Zed Attack Proxy) add-on designed to facilitate the pentesting of our new framework. Our solution is using OData so we were wondering if their was existing tools that we could have integrate in the add-on. I heard about OyeData, but it doesn't look like you can easily call it from another application. SQLmap would have been easy to call from our add-on, for instance, but it does not support OData testing.Have you ever encountered an testing tool that could fit our requirements ? (Perform SQL injection through OData, and be \"simple\" to call/integrate from an external application ?)
Encryption for efficient rsync I use rsync (also called deltacopy) to a copy a large (6GB) text file (SQL database dump) on to a remote server. this gets me about 100:1 bandwidth reduction over simply copying the file as most of the content us unchanged day-to-day This is a single file which contains all the data in the database,  rsync compares the content piece by piece with the destination content (using hashes) and only sends the hashes and the changed parts down the wire.I can instead produce a dump with one file per database table, but the Only tables likely to be unchanged day-to-day are small.I want to start encrypting this file at the source, and storing only encrypted copies at the destination, but it seems to me that any encryption stronger than a simple substitution cypher is going to compromise the efficiency gain I get from using rsync.Is there some strong encryption that I can use for this purpose?
Islanding vs server lockdown TL;DR:We're considering disconnecting our manufacturing computers from the outside world.  How much less secure would it be to connect them only to a local server, which in turn connected to the internet and/or other computers?  We'd only need HTTPS access to the server -- what settings/policies/rules should we set on the server to maximize security?We're a small manufacturing company and in our building we have two sections: the office area and the manufacturing area.  Last year we got hit by a virus that took down our manufacturing for almost three days, so we've been considering completely disconnecting the manufacturing side from all access to the outside world.  The only thing the manufacturing computers are used for is our Enterprise Resource Planning system, -- tracking all our inventory, sales, etc.  We're not planning on changing the connectivity of our office computers, as we need to use those for business related stuff, so when I say \"our computers,\" I'm talking about our manufacturing computers.Note: While the ERP system that we use is old, and was originally designed for Windows 98/XP, we now run it on Windows 7/10 exclusively.  The virus last year happened before we made that transition, while we were still using Windows XP machines.Option 1: IslandingWe currently use an (ancient) ERP system that runs locally on each machine, and connects to a server for SQL access.  The first option we're considering is to continue using this system, and eventually upgrade to a system that works the same way -- local install, connect to server for DB access.  All our machines would only connect to the server, and the server would only connect to the machines.  Basically as off-the-grid as possible.Pros:Very hard to get a virus through the internet.  I'd say impossible, but I've gotten bit before for that word...For lack of a second bullet point, I'd like to reiterate that the above point is a big deal.  We don't often get viruses, but we also don't like it when production goes down.Cons:More work to get Windows Updates installed (in fact, the updates likely won't get installed on a regular basis -- maybe once a year).  The upside here is that hopefully they won't need to get installed.A LOT harder to communicate between our office (sales) people and the manufacturing people.  Having the server disconnected from the office area computers would mean we would need either separate computers for entering sales orders, or we'd need to have the sales people go back to the manufacturing area to enter each sale.We'll probably need separate servers (VMs, of course) for the office environment to run DNS, Active Directory, DHCP, etc.  Still vulnerable to any physical access based attacks (USB drives)The machines are hard(er) to replace - we need our software installed, and it only runs on 32 bit Windows (originally designed for Windows 98 :|).Option 2: HTTPS only access to server (local webapp)This is what I personally am leaning toward, for non-security reasons.  This would be a slightly bigger change (since we'd need to re-do our ERP system), but eventually we'll have to do that anyway.  It might not be much bigger of a deal than dealing with not being able to communicate with sales.  In the meantime, we'd probably leave the computers as they are now, in their unsecured state.  (Well, not unsecured, but we wouldn't temporarily do option 1 due to the communication headache that would be.)  The key here is that we'd really lock down our server, and the other devices would be treated as untrusted.  (Hopefully a bit of locking down on the computers as well, but they'd be much more replaceable.)  The computers still don't necessarily have access to the outside world directly, but they're connected to the server which will be connected to the outside world.Pros:We'll be able to connect the sales people to the manufacturing people easily (both the manufacturing and office would have access to the local web app).The manufacturing computers are much more replaceable -- all they need is a web browser.  If one of them gets infected or dies or stops working for reason x, we can replace it with a laptop (or iPad or something) until we can fix the computer.Updates will be easier if not simple.  We could add some firewall rules to the server maybe to let Windows Update work.The design of our system will be a lot easier: we won't need separate servers for the office environment to run DHCP, Active Directory, DNS, etc.Maybe not as vulnerable to USB-drive attacks (obviously we don't expect our employees to purposefully insert bad USB drives, but they definitely could accidentally.Cons: - The server(s) is(are) still connected to the internet (they will be running Active Directory, DNS, company email, DHCP, and SQL Server, as well as this web app, which will probably use PHP and IIS).The QuestionHow much more secure is option 1 over option 2?  We're not expecting nation-state actors to be hacking our system, but the antivirus company we use had to make a custom solution for the virus we got last year, so we do want to take security seriously. I'd also like tips on what we could do to make each solution more secure (e.g. firewall options to set, policies, tools, etc.).
What is ScriptSafe's \"Client Rectangles\" and what information does it leak? Just wondering how this one affects the privacy and security because it breaks a lot of sites displaying images for example.
Hosted Payment Page - Security perspective implementation We are implementing a .NET MVC application and planning to use a Hosted Payment Page for Secure Payments and from PCI Stand point.Am worried the about the data which we might expose in the return call and looking for some best practices implementation.Am planning to do this as per the hosted payment page expectation on flowIn our MVC application we have a sales page where user add the amount, comments and other required fields and submitafter validating setting the required fields along with the Callback URL redirecting the user to Hosted payment page from different VendorOnce the transaction is completed the Hosted payment page Call back my Call back URL which is one of the End points in MVCIn the call back URL(Anonymous access) basically am decoding the result they shared in Query string and calling their API to decode and showing the end results to user in the same Sales page(Secured)(where 302 , 200 redirecting from callback url(Anonymous) to sales page(Secured) happens)My sales page is Secured but my call back URL is exposed So my questions is am i exposing the sales page to Hosted payment page or any security concern by doing this.I checked this in fiddler if you are not a logged in user you will be redirected to the login page. so what are the security risk am carrying with my current implementation of exposing my callback URL and the call back URL internally redirect to a different action.What are the best praises to handle this. Please share your ideas
x.509 certificate-chain signatures verification Once a client application downloads a leaf certificate file from some entity, issued by a CA, how does the verification of the cert's signatures work?Specifically, I'm not clear on whether a leaf certificates signature is only crypto validated by that leaf certs public-key (the one that's embedded in the cert), or if in some way the cert of the parent CA is involved in that signature decrypt/verify process.After the leaf cert is verified, and the app moves up the issuing chain and onto the intermediate CA cert, in the verification of that intermediate CA's signature is the root certs public key involved in some way? or does the app only need the public key of the intermediate CA to verify intermediate's signature?
What client side encryption algorithm/libraries should I use to make syncing easier? I want to build a webapp and a sister mobile app (using react native) that uses client side encryption. The encryption would be for text entries written on a daily basis that the user could create and edit. If the user goes offline, I want them to still be able to edit entries currently on their device and to create new entries, and I want those edits to be pushed to the server when the user comes back online.If the user enters text offline for a particular day on one device, then forgets and enters different text offline on another device for the same day, I'd like the two entries to be merged into one entry when the devices go back online. Is there any sort of magic that would allow me to do that on the server with the encrypted files?If not, I'd have the devices send a hash of the encrypted text as it was before the edits. When the updated text hits the server, I would send the hash along and compare it to the hash of the encrypted text that was currently stored. When the second update comes, the hash would not match the stored text, and the stored text would be sent back to the client to be reconciled. Are there existing protocols/libraries out there for this sort of thing? I'd rather not reinvent the wheel.
Is it possible for ssh app on Android to collect my credentials? I have a condition that I am far away from my laptop that I use to work. All I have is my Android Samsung J2. Sometimes I need to work remotely on my server, checking some stuff like traffic data, logs, and such. I try using putty on my Android. There are many ssh apps like putty for Android. Is it possible for the ssh apps to get my ssh user and password? Could the developer of that app collect credentials?
third party DNS over ISP DNS - privacy issue How does using third party DNS like cloudfare 1.1.1.1 DNS helps to protect privacy when ultimately ALL traffics goes through ISP? ISP is the middle man between me and the internet. Since DNS is in plain-text and all traffic goes through ISP, thus they are still able to see the request. Only at HTTPS level they cant see anything at all. Am i missing something?
How a VPN makes the effect of being physically in that private network? I know the basics of how a vpn works, but what I cannot get it is why if my computer is connected to a company via VPN, why my computer experience like if it was physically there in the company. I know that in reality this is not like that, but I cannot connect all of these pieces together. I would appreciate a well explained answer without copy/paste from other pages, I would really understand it. Thanks you in advance.
Security of emails from ProtonMail to Gmail I understand that Gmail to Gmail is not very secure. On the other hand, ProtonMail is a very good option with great features. But there is one thing I don't quite understand: Why should I use ProtonMail if the recipient uses Gmail? How is this more secure? I mean, if Gmail is not secure enough, then what's the point of sending an email to Gmail from ProtonMail instead of just keep using Gmail (given that it has extra features)?
Is there a standard checksum for verifying multipart key fragments? We will have a symmetric key arriving in three component parts.  Once all parts arrive, the key custodians will get together for a ceremony where each enters their part of the key into a secured system.  This system will XOR the parts together to combine them into a final key that will be injected into the receiving system.  The secret-combining system verifies that each custodian has correctly entered his or her part of the key by having each custodian enter a checksum for their key part; these checksums were generated at the time when the key was split.  To avoid entering a corrupt key, if there are any errors in the data entry the process must be terminated and restarted.  My question is if there are standard checksum algorithms used for validating key entry into a multipart key exchange system?  Or is this something each crypto vendor typically comes up with on their own?
OAuth2 for mobile apps with confidential backend client (Is PKCE required?) I'm wondering why neither rfc6749 nor rfc8252 seem to consider the case where the mobile app does not make protected resource requests (and is therefore not a client) but instead relies on a backend server (confidential client) that does. *Note that I use the term mobile app instead of native app only because the spec defines a native app as being a public client:From rfc6749 Section 2.1:<blockquote>  A native application is a public client installed and executed on        the device used by the resource owner.  Protocol data and        credentials are accessible to the resource owner.  It is assumed        that any client authentication credentials included in the        application can be extracted.  On the other hand, dynamically        issued credentials such as access tokens or refresh tokens can        receive an acceptable level of protection.  At a minimum, these        credentials are protected from hostile servers with which the        application may interact.  On some platforms, these credentials        might be protected from other applications residing on the same        device.</blockquote>section 1.1:<blockquote>  client -         An application making protected resource requests on behalf of the        resource owner and with its authorization</blockquote>The case that I'm inquiring about is similar to how rfc6749 section 2.1 defines a web application, but instead of an HTML user interface, the interface would be a mobile app:<blockquote>  A web application is a confidential client running on a web        server.  Resource owners access the client via an HTML user        interface rendered in a user-agent on the device used by the        resource owner.  The client credentials as well as any access        token issued to the client are stored on the web server and are        not exposed to or accessible by the resource owner.</blockquote>rfc8252's definition of native app seems more reasonable as it doesn't restrict its use to apps that are public clients: <blockquote>  \"native app\"  An app or application that is installed by the user to        their device, as distinct from a web app that runs in the browser        context only.  Apps implemented using web-based technology but        distributed as a native app, so-called \"hybrid apps\are        considered equivalent to native apps for the purpose of this        specification.</blockquote>But again, the spec only provides the best practice for the case where the native app is also the (public) client. In summary, I'm wondering why I haven't been able to find any mention of the client profile I described above (either in the specs or elsewhere).Would the Authorization Code Grant (without PKCE) be consideredsecure enough since even if a malicious app intercepts theauthorization code (sent by the external user-agent to thenative app, via inter-app communication) it wouldn't be able toexchange it for an access token as it would not be in possession ofthe client secret which is stored on the backend?Note that I'm only asking these questions to gain a better understanding of the theory, and not for anything practical.
TLS protocol, session key for secure connection In Wikipedia, as part of handshaking between a client and a server, the server send a public encryption key as part of the digital certificate.Then the client uses Diffie\u2013Hellman key exchange to securely generate a random and unique session key for encryption and decryption.Questions:is the public key sent by server encrypted or clear? I assume it is clear since it is publicHow are the session key and public key related? Does the client sends session key to the server?session key sent: f(Random_gen_number, Public_key) where f is an encryption function?
Should crash dumps (e.g. from Breakpad, Windows) be encrypted and signed? As a software developer, should my crash dumps (e.g. from Breakpad, Windows) be encrypted and signed?  I provide the ability to export crash dumps so that I can pinpoint the problem when the user reports one.My concerns, in terms of protecting my product (the attacker is a user hacking the product to gain something):Dumps give too much info for hackers to reverse engineer or hack the software, say to enable features or licenses?Passwords and keys might be stored in the dumps for hackers to hack the software.A user could return us a maliciously malformed dump, which causes havoc when we try to decipher the dump on our machines.  If our application signs the dump, at least we can confidently open the file.Update:  For the last bullet point, one of the answers has reminded me that there is no pointing in signing the data, since the key has to be in the product itself, which the hacker can then use it to sign anyway. Furthermore, the fear of malicious dumps can be circumvented through the use of temporary virtual machines.The last remaining concern is how dumps, given it contains addresses and stuff, could help hackers circumvent restrictions like licensed features.
Self-signed certs on LAN shared with others My WiFi is shared with my family, and my siblings have friends come over sharing the WiFi password carelessly. Anyone of those guests could have a rogue device and not even know it.My brother has his own PC and I'm concerned about my brother's ability to keep his PC clean.I have servers running on my LAN and I use self-signed certs for them.Considering how many connected devices are on my LAN that I do not control, does this mean my self-signed certs are potentially useless and my secure comms are potentially useless?How can I solve this without needing FQDN and CA == (let's talk about fingerprinting)?I know the first step towards a solution would be VLANs to containerize non-trusted guest devices. However, there should be a way to have trust with a self-signed cert even when there are rogue devices in the network (enter fingerprinting). I really want to understand fingerprinting and how I can manually crosscheck keys to know if there is a MiTM.
Could a VPN server hide all user's information? I'm trying to access some server using VPN(Or generally say, proxy). But sometimes the server could detect that I'm behind a proxy(And sometimes not).So I'm wondering what information could be leaked so that the server can determine that there is a proxy.I have tried the following:CookiesBrowser cacheDNS entryAs far as I know, a VPN can hide all user's information so there won't be any information which can be used to identify the real user.Am I wrong?PS: I have to login the server, so server may still hold some information in session. But it cannot explain why sometimes the server cannot detect my proxy.PPS: I'm not sure that this is the right SE site to ask this question, if I'm wrong, please let me know.
Secure Admin Password in Open Source Software I am writing a server using nodejs. It is on a public GitHub repository, so its complete code is visible to anyone. The client can send strings to the server. I need to determine if the given string is the admin password. How can I check if the string matches the admin password, without revealing the password in the source?Note: I must use open-source, so it can't just be a private repository.
How to get better IAM understanding I'm getting interested in Identity and Access Management (IAM), but I find it hard to find complete and understandable explanations that suit me, surely because I started wrong.I began with Wikipedia and followed discussions here and there (twitter, slack channels, etc.).My main problems are :Terminology : sometimes, explanations need explanation about the words usedDifferent schools of thought : often, there are different ways of interpreting the problems and then even more ways of addressing them. I don't understand what methods are best for what situtation, and I want to know why this or that is not as good as another. I see divergent opinions and rarely people set for a best solution or method.Technologies : I've read somewhere that a good access control works in synergy with the filesystem, that should be suited for that purpose. Is that true ? What are these systems ?References : I fantasise to find a one, \"best\" reference that would clear all that up, while being objective and addressing things I have forgotten or didn't know.For example, I started to think that ABAC would give the best fine-grained control and that XACML, SAML and OAUTH2 used together to form a perfect (yet maybe heavy and complex) system. But then I saw people ranting about it (\"yet another OASIS definition\") and opposing it to NGAC (Next Generation Access Control).So now my questions:How should I operate to gain the right expertise on that subject? In other words: where to start, what to look up next, what to ultimately achieve doing?Am I asking the right questions?
E-Mail Web Client: How to handle credentials I am thinking about building an e-mail web client that I can run on my server as a side project. The server addresses should be configured on the server side.Multiple Accounts should be able to access their emails through the client.As I see it, for POP/IMAP/SMTP the credentials have to be sent with every request, so I need to store them somewhere. What is the most secure way to do this?
Check router for DNS changer virus I want to verify that router was not affected by DNS changer virus. Router provided by local Internet provider, runs custom firmware with web admin which does not contain DNS settings, no telnet/ssh/upnp. Is it possible to verify that it does not configured to use malicious DNS servers? Is it possible to do that just by performing some analysis with DNS queries from inside local network?
hashcat - is there a way to set minimum password length? Let's say I have a couple of hashes that I need to bruteforce as dictionary attack didn't work. Is there a way I can tell hashcat to start from a specific password length so it won't waste resources on looking for results that won't work?
Is it as safe to use a programming language as a browser? To browse the internet on sensitive websites (government websites, banks, etc...), is it as safe to use a modern web browser as a programming language? Specifically, python + requests + beautifulSoup for example?
Close Port 587 - Ramifications? Our recent PCI scan failed because \"Plaintext authentication is allowed over unencrypted channel on SMTP.\" As such, our tech support suggested to close port 587.What are the effects of closing port 587, and will it negatively affect sending/receiving emails?
Possibility of business calls/leads being professionally stolen? Is it possible our VoIP calls being redirected from our intended phone number to another phone number unknown to us?  Our VoIP number is currently forwarded to mobile phones and computer phones.  Would this be an issue with our VoIP provider?  Our local network or our mobile phones?
What probability of injecting invalid data is considered safe? I encrypt some sensitive data with AES128 and I use custom method (encrypted CRC) for providing data integrity. I have calculated the probability of successful injection of invalid data that equals 4.54e-13. It means that if an attacker injects one random packet per 1 ms the probability of successfully injecting invalid data within a month is at the level of 1e-3.Would you consider this as safe solution? I know that the answer depends on the sensitivity of the data but I struggle to find information what probabilities of injecting invalid data are considered safe
Do I need to encrypt connections inside a corporate network? Provided that I have a decent level of physical security in the office, I monitor the physical addresses of devices connected to the network and only give VPN access to trusted parties, do I need to encrypt access to intranet resources over HTTP? There is an employee complaining that he doesn't like sending his credentials in plain text over the network and that he cannot take responsibility for his network identity in such case. What are the real world chances that someone would steal his identity? I can't find any clear-cut recommendations for encryption within a corporate network.
is every site without a CSRF token vulnerable to CSRF attack? I found a lot of popular sites not having crsf token in cookie header, does that mean all of these sites are vulnerable? I tried to learn more about it and found there's something called CORS which protects it but I can't understand what is it. Please share your methodology if possible, like what will you test for if you don't find a site with crsf token? how will you check if it has one or not?
IIS - giving service accounts admin rights? I'm looking at a application running on IIS which requires service account(s) to run some services/software, however the service account requires LOCAL ADMIN access which is against policy.Are there any alternatives? Is this a sign of an application that is badly made that it requires service accounts to need local admin access?
How to verify server ownership by public IP (without associated domain)? Company A has a set of servers with public IP address but not associated with any domain. The servers contain confidential information, so company A doesn't want to give access to 3rd party.Company B has generated confidential security reports for those servers.How does company B verify that company A owns all those servers before sending those reports?
Do VPNs connect to my ISP? When I ask the VPN server to do the queries for me, does the VPN use its own ISP to run the queries over the internet?Or did the VPN server use my ISP connection to search over the internet and by doing that he uses his own [VPN] IP Address and DNS server?The question refers to VPN services like nordvpn, hidemyass etc..
Is it acceptable \"allowed by default, disallowed for specific data/actions\"? A friend told me that in the agile paradigm it is said that users are allowed by default to do anything but then they are blocked or disallowed to access or do certain identified actions. Just the contrary of minimum/least privilege.That is a complete different paradigm where for a new application you identify what generic users cannot do and implement that security, not the contrary.The result may be the same: everyone access what is allowed to access, but the implementation is completely different.In which scenarios is this approach acceptable?May it be secure?
Help to review 2FA algorithm First of all, I know, don't reinvent the wheel... But there's a good reason for this.So I have been implementing a generic 2 factor authentication code generation/validation algorithm in order to re-use it in multiple applications and also make it stateless (the algorithm doesn't need to store anything in the database, and it doesn't require any user data at all.)The application using the code is responsible to set a payload and validate it within the generic 2 fa process.So here's how it would work... 1 - Application requests a new 2FA code passing down a payload:1.1 - payload: arbitrary data, such as a user id and application id.1.2 - a random 7 digits code is created (using crypto secure random libraries)1.3 - an expiration time is selected, i.e. 3 minutes from current time, expressed as epoch time in seconds.1.4 - data: (expiration, payload, code)1.5 - data is encrypted using AES CTR with a randomly generated IV of 128 bits and a secret key1.6 - both encrypted data and IV are digested through an HMAC that uses another secret key, in order to sign these two values.1.7 - final token: 'base64 encrypted data : IV : signature'1.8 - the token is returned to the user UI (such as a mobile app or login webiste)1.9 - the code is sent through SMS or Email2 - Application submits the original token, and user provided code to the backend2.1 - token is decoded, and signature is validated2.2 - token is decrypted, expiration checked, and user code is compared against the token code2.3 - payload is returned to the application, which performs any additional validation such as fetching a user from the user id in the payload, etc...Is this broken? You might ask why not just store the 7 digits code in the database, but the whole idea is to make this completely stateless and generic.Also note: The endpoint for token generation/validation should be throttled in a way that it can't be brute forced.
Can malware be installed on a mobile phone when the user opens an sms? Is it possible for an adversary send malware over messages? I mean, when the victim clicks on the message sent by the attacker, a malware should be installed into his phone (in background). The hacker should then be able to steal all the data in the victim's phone. Is it really possible? How to perform this attack? What are the possible ways to mitigate risk?
What kind of access on the guest is required to break out of a virtual machine? Is it enough to exploit the vulnerability in a program? Is root or kernel access required? Are there maybe even possibilities to directly exploit the host without any vulnerabilities in the guest? To what extend does it depend on the hypervisor?
Are employee or badge numbers PII? We're looking at implementing an Identity Management/Lifecycle system.  We're looking at aggregating all our authentication into this system.  However, one area of concern is same-name employees, so we are implementing an employee number and badge number to differentiate employees and authenticate them appropriately.It is believed that these numbers are PII, thus storing them for cross-reference in any other system will cause that system to fall under PII regulations.Are employee or badge numbers considered PII?Edit for clarificationThis is mainly related to DOE O 206.1 Privacy Directive\u2014and not GDPR.  However, this is slightly more general as I had similar arguments in the past.The issue I'm facing\u2014somewhat exaggerated\u2014is that everyone I know thinks anything to do with anyone is considered PII.  Thus every system needs to be regulated.
Authoritative DNS server resolve also any other domain - Is that a risk? In my organization (huge financial institute) there are 4 ns servers that are defined by NS DNS record to be the authoritative DNS servers of all of our public websites.However, I found that those DNS server send responses also if they are queried about any other domain. I wonder whether there are security risks in this behaviour. References will be appreciated as well.
How to obfuscate SSH tunnel Mac? I am looking to test a DPI (deep packet inspector). I currently have it set up to block SSH connections (which it does successfully).I have learned that DPI can be bypassed by obfuscating/encrypting the initial handshake (I think, feel free to correct).  By doing this, the DPI is not able to tell that the traffic is SSH and does not block it. How can achieve this with macOS? I have complete control over both the server and the client.
Good Vulnerable Wordpress VM or Lab? I am looking to dive into learning more about Wordpress vulnerabilities and conducting penetration testing against them. Are there any good \"Vulnerable WP Sites?\" that I can download as a VM to play around in? Sort of in the same vain as DVWA or Hackazon? An inital search didn't come up with much--and what did seemed to be single vulnerability labs. Ideally I would like something that's no more than 2-3 years old. Thanks!
How to force authentication over HTTPS - Wordpress During our last PCI scan, we received these 2 fail points:\"Basic Authentication over HTTP\" and \"Web Page Transmits Login Credentials Without Encryption.\" Both were on Port 2077.Though our Wordpress website has an SSL, it seems as if logging in is still authenticating over HTTP. How do I get the website to use SSL for authentication? 
is there an upper limit on time to brute-force a password, based on acceptable login delay and hardware speed ratios? Suppose a user uses a password to log in to their PC.  When the user logs in, the PC applies a cryptographic function to the password and compares the ciphertext to the stored ciphertext of the known password (this cryptographic function can be \"hard,\" in order to make brute-force attacks difficult).  An attacker has gained physical access to the machine, including the stored password ciphertext -- so of course they have access to all unencrypted files on their machine, but the attacker wants to get the password as well (perhaps knowing the user's password will help them guess the user's password on other services, among other things).It seems like there is a theorem that gives an upper limit on how long the attacker can be delayed in brute-forcing the user's password.  If N is the number of passwords in the complexity space that a real user is likely to choose from, and t is the maximum time that a user is willing to wait for the cryptographic function to hash their login password, and R is the ratio of the speed of the attacker's hardware to the speed of the user's hardware, then the maximum time for the attacker to brute-force the user's password is N*t/R.For example, if there are 10 million passwords with the complexity of the password that the user is likely to choose from, and the user is willing to wait 3 seconds to log in after typing their password, and the attacker's hardware is 100 times faster than the user's hardware, then the maximum time for the attacker to brute-force the password is 10,000,000*(3 seconds)/100 = about 3.5 days.Unfortunately, this seems to be an upper limit that is independent of what hardware or what cryptographic function you're using.  There's always going to be a limit on how complex people will make their own passwords, there's going to be a limit on how long of a delay people will tolerate when logging in, and a well-funded attacker will always be able to get hardware many times faster than what an average user is using (if only by buying 100 laptops identical to the user's laptop).So, a couple of things:Is the logic here sound?Is this a known theorem that somebody else pointed out a long time ago and already has a name?What are some things that can be done to mitigate this?
Proper way to verify keycard integrity I have thought about building an electronic door locking system. Would the following mechanism be secure at all to prevent tampering plain text information on card?hash private system key together with cardholder datasave the hash and card holder data to an RFID cardthe lock (which only has the private key) takes the cardholder data and hash when authenticatingthe lock creates a hash using it's private key (the same used in creating the card) and plain text data from card.Lock compares the hash it generated to hash on the cardAny particular vulnerabilities other than brute forcing?
Brute Force Post via Hydra I am trying to brute force an HTTP login form via Hydra. The problem I am having is in regards to the response code returned by the page. I am receiving false positives on every password. Even failed logins return HTTP 200 responses, which I believe is leading to false positives.How can I alter hydra to look for something like content-length header or a unique string returned to avoid the false positives? 
Is it possible to make a spoofing attack in a access point with same SSID target network? With an Evil Twin attack is it possible for the access point to send malware to connected devices? If it is, how can this be prevented?
Revealing IP of an email recipient using remote PHP script or pixel tracking I read through the search items and similar threads but my query is rather specific.I know it's possible to reveal IP of an email recipient if we can get the person to click on an attached image or file and then using a remote PHP script running on a server we can extract info about him.My question is that which IP exactly is actually revealed if the person is using a proxy or even TOR.The person uses Protonmail, most likely as webmail.So basically, assuming we can get the person to click on the attachment image, which IP is revealed when:He uses a proxy website to access ProtonmailHe uses a proxy through browser settingsHe uses TOR browser bundle to access Protonmail hidden serviceThanks!
Can a hacker hack into port 80? We normally say port 80 is firewall friendly.But can a hacker just hack into port 80 via TCP or UDP?Or is Port 80 by default not always open? It waits for the host to initiate a connection via specific application/service to a host application then the port is opened at that time?Is a hacker required to fake that specific host application in order to hack into our computer?
What tools are available to compare a 'before' and 'after' security baseline of a Windows machine? A vendor deals in software that provides secure-messaging software to medical practices, which integrates with popular clinical systems.  To install it, they're requesting an hour of unattended remote administrative access using 'Team Viewer' to the server which holds the SQL database where all the sensitive patient data is held. As the collector of the data, our practice is legally responsible for its use and disclosure to 3rd partiesSupposing I were to permit this (which is currently not likely), what tools are at my disposal to enumerate how the system state changed after the tech has left the machine, so that I KNOW what the did, and what they didn't do?  (As regards the final state of the machine).To make things slightly easier, the machine is a Hyper-V VM.Such tooling would consider changes to at least:file hashesfile-system permissionsuser accounts &amp; permissionsnetwork shares sharedfirewall rulesnetwork ports listened onservicesregistry keys &amp; permissions
Refusal to 'open' up corporate network? I am working a project which requires access to a service running on a remote server, over a single TCP port (>1024). This service runs on a machine located within an existing network, and the project I'm working on is located on a new (web) server, external to this network.It was agreed up front that for this project to work the port must be opened up to the new server, however the IT team have now decided the security risk is too great to 'open up' their internal network.They justified this to me by saying if the new server is compromised it could allow an attacker into the internal network. But would this not be mitigated by only allowing access on a single port, to a single machine in the network? This would be done through a firewall/NAT system outside of either server's control.I understand that the internal service then becomes the attack vector but I would argue that it's designed to be public facing anyway, so at this point their justification falls down.I am not a security expert by any means, so what could the problems be here that I am missing? (and they are not explaining)
Need to infect a computer for testing - how do? I'm trying to infect a laptop with malware for testing purposes and I just can't seem to do it. I've been searching for .exes that will just RUN and I can't find anything straight forward. Looking at this site all I can find are raw binaries but nothing really packaged and ready to go--unless I'm not looking in the right place.It seems that a lot of malware research sites are geared towards software development and the actual investigation of the code itself but I just need an .exe that will work.I never thought it would be this hard to deliberately infect a computer. Can someone please give me a link to a malware .exe or give me some tips on how to do this?
Is an ACL Sufficient for business firewall? I am a relatively new IT specialist for a small company (about 30 employees, 100 more seasonal.) Most of our systems have been outsourced to an IT company long ago, that handles licensing, VDI, PBX, security, routing, etc. I handle hardware, some networking, inventory control and imaging. I discovered on the phone with them that all our physical machine traffic is going out of a Cisco router that has been EOL for three years. In addition, there isn't any serious firewall capability. Our virtual CIO told me that it had an access control list, which is a sufficient firewall for us. I'm not very knowledgeable in internet security, but that just didn't seem right to me. We're dealing with sensitive census data, PHI and payroll systems on that network, and must be HIPPA compliant (which they are supposedly taking care of.) Email is cloud-based.Is an ACL \"good enough\" or should we be using a real firewall appliance? Thanks!
Why is unsanitized output from ajax request bad? I know what I just described is a reflected XSS vulnerability. What I can't figure out is why it is a vulnerability. Because the way I see it, a user can't be directed to the attacker's content because the AJAX is executed without a page refresh or a URL change. What am I missing here?-- EDIT --To edit the question and provide a little more context, I'm trying to figure out how echoing un-sanitized data from AJAX into the page would be a bad thing. Because here is how I see XSS vulnerabilities:JavaScript from an uncontrolled source (ie attacker) is allowed to insert JavaScript into the page.The user is navigated to the said page with the evil JavaScript embedded in the page.Exploit happens (cookies are stolen, user logins over an attacker made login screen, etc...)I can't see how this is a problem with AJAX. Because the request is made in the page and you (as the attacker) can't direct a user to a page where part of the content was loaded with AJAX.<br><br>Or, in other words, you can't perform a search query on a search engine that uses AJAX to query a remote endpoint and display the results on the page, then direct a user to that page with those results shown. The results would disappear.<br><br>What am I missing here?
How does Bitlocker + TPM prevent me seeing the HDD contents with another OS? I've googled the heck out of this, and have read multiple related questions on this site, but I'm still missing a crucial piece of the puzzle.I have a (work) laptop with Win10 Pro which is encrypted with Bitlocker.For quite a while I didn't even realise it was encrypted because it doesn't ask for a password on a cold boot. (We used to use TrueCrypt on all of our laptops, so I was accustomed to using a password.)I then decided to check the system and booted it with a Linux live CD. I was able to see the partitions on the disk but was unable to mount the main one - a quick bit of hex dumping showed me that the main NTFS partition was indeed encrypted.Now, the OS will happily cold-boot all the way to the Windows login screen with NO input from the user (i.e. no PIN/password), which from my googling I have learned happens by dint of the OS automagically extracting the encryption key from the TPM.What's bothering me is this: what's to stop another bit of code (e.g. Linux) from asking the TPM for the HDD encryption key? Even assuming a secret MS key is required, this key surely must be present in the boot partition somewhere, and my simplistic idea of how this might be achieved would be for a VM (on a USB key?) to execute the boot loader until the boot sequence interacts with the TPM and bingo the encryption key is no longer secret... This isn't rocket science though, and clearly it can't be this easy or Bitlocker+TPM would be an utter waste of time. So - I can't have a correct picture of what's going on, but I've tried and failed to find out how it really works...Can anyone provide the insight I'm missing? Thanks in advance![Edit: for clarity, I'm mainly thinking about the case where the laptop gets stolen. Like many people, my laptop spends a lot of its time in my bag in sleep mode, so let's assume it's sleeping when stolen - this has implications for how much a move to TPM+PIN would help, but I don't think it directly changes the fundamentals of the actual question.]
principle of splitting sensitive data across multiple machines running different operating systems Suppose you're trying to store data as securely as possible, including splitting it across multiple machines (encrypted in a manner so that it's unreadable unless all pieces of the data are recovered).  If the attacker knows your algorithm and compromises all of your machines, they can always recover the data, so there is always some nonzero probability of this happening.  But you want to reduce the probability as much as possible.It seems the strategy would be to encrypt the data with a key, and then split the key across multiple machines, such that all the machines (the data storage machine and the key-storage machines) are as physically independent as possible and are running different operating systems (with each OS always applying all of the latest available patches).Running different operating systems means that the probability of compromising one machine is more independent of the probability of compromising the other machines.  If you have three machines and they're all running Windows Server, and in a given time frame you have a 10% of chance of finding a vulnerability in Windows Server that gives you read access to the machine, you have a 10% of compromising the whole system because then you'll own all three machines.  But if there are three machines, each running a different OS, and for each OS you have a 10% of finding a vulnerability in that OS, and the odds are independent for each OS, then you have a 0.1% chance of compromising the whole system.You can also re-encrypt the data periodically with a new key and then split the new key.  Then the attacker only beats the system if they compromise all of the machines in the same time period before re-encryption.Now, this does also mean that if any of the machines fails, you lose all the data, but the fragment of the key on each machine can be backed up to another machine.  And in this case, while the backup machine should still be physically separate to reduce the chance of both being lost at once, it could be running the same OS as the machine it's backing up.  The idea is that if A1 is backed up to A2, then the attacker compromises the same amount of data whether they hack into A1 or A2 or both, so there's no reason A1 and A2 can't run the same OS (with the same potential vulnerabilities).However, I've never heard of a security principle along the lines of \"split sensitive data across machines running different operating systems\".  Did I just re-discover something well-known and obvious that has a name already?  Or is there some reason the whole logic is flawed (and that's why it doesn't have a name)?
Protecting payment mobile app against mobile theft Currently I'm designing a payment app.It has the standard security controls such as HTTPS communication, certificate pinning, no cache, login with 2FA (OTP), 2FA for payment operation.. but I'm not sure how to protect the user against a mobile theft.A thief can reset the password due to the fact that the user usually signed in to the email app, biometric authentication can be easily bypassed due to compatibility and UX requirements, secret questions are usually easy to guess.Are there any other measures that can be done in order to eliminate damage from mobile theft?
Do any third party time stamping signature services exist? I'm wondering if there exists any trusted third-party service that I can submit a file, or just a signature of a file, and get back a signature of that file signed with the timestamp of when it was signed.Does any such service exist?I'm not looking for something complicated like a block chain - just a simple service that uses GPG or something similar.
Differentiating between IKEv2 and OpenVPN Traffic There is a WiFi network that I regularly use, and it seems to be blocking all VPN traffic other than IKEv2. I tested this by downloading many of the free/freemium VPN apps from the Google Play Store on my phone. Only apps that use IKEv2 work, OpenVPN and other protocols fail. One app specifically allows me to choose between OpenVPN TCP, OpenVPN UDP, and IKEv2. Both OpenVPN options are blocked, but IKEv2 works well.Would it be possible for the router/firewall to be able to differentiate between encrypted IKEv2 and OpenVPN traffic, or is it just relying on port numbers to block/allow connections?Some additional information:The network is already known to perform MITM attacks. For instance, I have a website that I run which has HTTPS traffic encrypted by a Lets Encrypt certificate. When I visit this website via the network, I get a warning that the certificate is not trusted. The certificate details reported by my phone while using the network are different from those reported by my phone when I am not using the network.I believe that the reason IKEv2 traffic is not blocked is that the network operators provide an optional VPN for use by devices on the network. I am guessing that said VPN uses IKEv2, and thus all IKEv2 traffic is unblocked (I don't know why all IKEv2 traffic is allowed, though).
Is hiding my Java desktop app inside a VM the best way to protect my Java source code? I need to distribute a Java desktop app to the user. I am looking at different ways to protect my source code from reverse engineering.One method is to distribute a Virtual Machine (says Linux) containing the app running inside that VM, and make the root user of that having a password of e.g. 50 characters. The drawback is that the download size of my app is too big (some Gigas). And the next question is: can an attacker read my Java code from inside a VDI disk image ?Another method is Ahead of Time (AOT) compiling to native. ExcelsiorJet seems to be the best tool for that, however that is not free. Obfuscating the source code is NOT enough, since the ones wanting to read your source code are the ones that mainly want to care about the information flow and data structure. This excellent article explains more about AOT and obfuscating. Now the question is: by using ExcelsiorJet to compile to native, is my native code relatively safe from reverse engineering ?Still another way: to e.g. use C++ to write the most security critical code, compile it to real native, and expose my unimportant Java source. But this means I'll need to maintain both parts as well.
Can a website use my debit card details for further transaction? I bought a bracelet from Buzz Bargain(Sorry for advertisement) and it deducts 2.99 from my account and then they send me an email saying that we will deduct 49.9 USD after a month for a subscription to which I didn't subscribe. Now they ain't replying me. So I want to ask will they deduct me that 49.9 USD without my permission? If yes, what am I supposed to do now?
For a \"normal\" computer user, does it make a difference to have a good entropy source? Let's take, for example, Linux. From my understanding, there are different sources and different ways that can be used to gather entropy (RNG daemon, Intel rrandr, TPM, etc). Some produce entropy that is of \"better quality\" than others. But, does it actually matter for a \"normal\" user? (Let's say a user that only uses web browsers, office programs, and a password manager).In which cases does the computer use entropy from the pool?Does it uses it when browsing https websites?Does it uses it when encrypting a file with 7zip or with a password manager?
Protect MySQL against brute-force attacks on dedicated CentOS 7 server I have a database in a dedicated server (CentOS 7) setup by an external provider. I see a disgusting amount of brute-force attempts in MySQL log file every day. I know the best option would be to not connect remotely (and close the port), but I need to.My IP at home is dynamic but the first 2 bytes are the same. Can I block IPs that are outside of this range? Should this be done for the server in general, or is there a way to do it for MySQL only? As a note, my provider has access to the server from a static IP, so I would whitelist it, in case my home IP changes and I get locked out.
What's the benefit of JWT if user needs to send his credentials once anyway? JWT tokens seem like a very good idea. You can send a request to some API without using your username/password secret pair.Still, I don't fully understand the benefits that it gives. I have two questions:To get the token, user still needs to send his credentials to some server that issues these tokens. Isn't it a weak point of all this?If attacker steals the token while it's being transferred, he can use it to pretend he is someone else. The only difference between this and using user/password combination is that JWT tokens get expired after some period of time, so attacker doesn't have much time to do his thing.Is my understanding correct? What am I missing? What are real advantages of using JWT vs user/password?
how to reset router without reset button? I was trying to enable mac filtering and now I can't access internet, the reset button is broken, is there a way to reset the router or bypass the mac filtering?
How protected mode in CPU is really implemented? I know what is real and protected mode of cpu execution. But how CPU implements protected mode ? AFAIK cpu does everything what the program says it to do. Where is the protected mode behaviour implemented ? Does OS plays any role in this ?
AIDE and OSSEC conflicts? Being fairly new to both AIDE and OSSEC I've been trying to find out if there are any potential conflicts in having them both installed on one host (CentOS 7.5). It seems like they could work as a multi-layered approach, but I haven't been able to find much about running the in tandem. And of course would there be a difference in running them OSSEC locally vs. an agent on the machine with AIDE? Thanks.
Detecting GSM activity Is it possible to detect the GSM usage activity using SDR? I know that it's possible to do this using EMF meter, for example. What about SDR?Radius of the range: 30-40 metersP.S. ..GSM activity - by that I mean the usage of GSM networks by mobile phones, for example.
hashcat specific brute force Is this scenario possible:I know the first three letters of the password (exact), i know the password is between 10-14 characters, i know the rest of the characters are \"b,t,p,1,3,6,7\" which can be repeated any number of times, and the file encrypted is a 7z file.Is a masked attack this specific possible? i don't want to waste two months, i pratically know the password, it's just i used too many variations of it that i can't seem to open the file anymore.Thanks for your time
How to use IPsec Transport mode between two gateways I have read many comparisons of IPsec Transport vs. Tunnel mode, and there is a clear understanding that when two gateways are exchanging routed traffic they should use Tunnel mode. In other words, Transport mode should be used only between two hosts (or two gateways if they are communicating between each other, not routing traffic). What I try to understand is if Transport mode can be used in a gateway-to-gateway setting, even if not recommended.My setting is as follows:LAN1  &lt;->  GW1   &lt;->  GW2  &lt;-> LAN2In my case I want to protect the link between GW1 and GW2 (containing IP traffic from/to LAN1 to/from LAN2). It is a direct connection, no routing involved, no NAT, nothing. All the reasons for which Tunnel mode is recommended (and Transport mode is not) do not apply to my case - I am OK to leave the IP headers unencrypted and so on. I want to spare overhead bytes, so I would like to use Transport mode even if it is not recommended in this case.I am using Ubuntu Linux with Strongswan package and IPsec in ESP mode.My question is: is it at all possible ? Is there a \"fundamental\" reason that makes it impossible, or is it just \"not recommended / not usually done / not in the Cisco manual\" but doable ?Does anybody have a configuration file that works ?
When should TouchID/Fingerprint log-in expire? I couldn't find such a standard which mention about TouchID or fingerprint log in expiration date.Suppose I have an application and allow users to log in using the fingerprint. I would like to know for how long should I allow my user to log in with fingerprint before I required them to enter the password again. For example, allow the user to log in using fingerprint for 3 months and every 3 months user need to re-enter the password.Is there such a standard specify about the time length? or it can last forever?
Kali Linux: Run penetration test and generate report for particular site? I am new in Kali Linux and recently one of my jobs is to use Kali Linux to scan a newly developed site and see if there are any security issue.And after going through some courses I found that, in Kali Linux there are a lot of tools that you can use to do scanning, but it seems that there is no a single tool, at least for a beginner, to just \"Scan a website and generate a report\".Can it be done?
DeAuth all AP's in range In a few days, we are going to be many friends that will gather together and play all night long using 6-7 APs.How can I DeAuth/Disconnect everyone's connection, without being connected to their network?
Methods for storing plaintext passwords on a client I have been tasked with some backend automation that needs to scrape data off an internal website using an employee's username/password to log in to the site.There is a backend database server, but I do not have access to said database (bureaucracy is a stumbling block). Specifically, all employees have access to this data via a username/password login on the internal site, and my scraper needs to as well.Since I have an automated scrape that needs to be done at regular intervals, I unfortunately require storage of a set of credentials in plaintext, such that they can be used to authenticate with the site, and then scrape the information for digesting. The host system for these scripts is locked down, behind key required SSH, and is probably stronger than the physical security in this office anyway (someone with access to the office could get this information much more easily than attacking my server).My question: How can I make the stored plaintext passwords on the client as low a risk as possible, given that it is impossible to avoid altogether?As an addenda for potential additional questions, the site is a simple HTTPS form, username/password are POSTed, and an auth token (session ID) is used for further request. Unfortunately the ID expires, so I need to redo the password auth every 2 hours.EDIT:Based on questions I have received so far, my current theoretical implementation is to keep the username/password stored, encrypted on disk, and require the decryption key at first run/reboot as well as at a set time period. Theoretically this would reduce the risk of the device being stolen physically, and compromising the authentication information.An alternate option I'm considering is to have an intermediary service running on a separate or locked down instance/container, whose image would be encrypted on disk. This can be the middle man authentication service, and would have a single purpose, to fetch the session ID key from the site on request, and store the temporarily decrypted username/password information. This might serve to further separate the user/pass info from the potentially more exposed service.
What is the (literally) lightest way to run a second secure system? My goal is to have two separate systems where one is secure even if the second one is full of malware. My current approach is to have two separate laptops and the only way these two communicate with each other is by sending text messages (no files) to each other via email - this kind of minimal text-based communication is a necessity. I will travel a lot and thought about how I could lighten my pack. Option 1: Since it is easy to swap out the SSD on the more powerful laptop, I could simply carry two SSD drives (one with the secure system and the second one with the less secure system). What I think I know: The two drives share the RAM and the BIOS. They also share the input devices, the display and a number of other hardware modules but I guess that is less relevant here. Did I overlook anything here?Option 2: Same as option 1 but I would boot into the \"secure operating system\" from a USB stick while the less secure hard drive is still plugged in. This would be less effort but would it provide the same level of security?Option 3: Same as option 1 but I would swap out the RAM also.Option 4: Allow a raspberry pi to use the display and the input devices of my laptop without \"getting in contact\" with the RAM, the hard drive etc of my Laptop. Is that possible?My questions are: a) Is there another option? Which option provides the best balance between security, weight savings and least (one time and ongoing) effort?b) For the option you would suggest: What are the remaining security holes? How rare/difficult would a successful attack be and how does the security level compare to the existing baseline security (the \"secure system\" is online and receives text-based emails from the less secure system - I can not change this)? 
wireless point-to-point security I have a remote site where I need to bridge approx 700m distance either with fibre or wireless for a backbone internet connection.The digging would cost a bit more and many suppliers are offering point-to-point wireless technology.I have seen Ubiquity, Silku and Cisco Meraki and I am sure there are many others which I am not aware of.Price is one factor which I would only look at if you can compare apples to apples.My question is about the security of Point-to-Point wireless. Could you help me gather some security criteria to help to decide what technology would suit the best for this scenario?I am trying to not be biased towards any brands but instead focusing on the security elements.
is there a term for encryption where decrypting with the wrong key will still result in an intelligible message? Suppose you encrypt a list of names of Americans with a 512-bit secret-key algorithm.  Currently no supercomputer can break it, but someday a supercomputer might exist that could iterate through all possible keys and find a key that decrypts the list to what sound like American-sounding names, and when you find that, you know you've probably got the right key.Is there a term for secret-key encryption where many possible keys will decrypt the ciphertext to realistic-looking plaintext, so the encryption can never be brute-forced, because even if you find a key that decrypts to one of the realistic plaintexts, you won't know if you got the right one?  (And thus, presumably, the encryption could be done with a shorter encryption key, since it can't be brute-forced anyway.)A one-time pad would have this property, of course, but presumably so could other systems.Say, instead of storing a list of American names, you come up with an index of every American first name and every American last name.  Then when storing the firstname-lastname pairs, you store them as pairs of numbers.  Then any key that decrypts the ciphertext to a list of numbers will thereby decrypt to a list of names.  (Except, you'd need to do more work than that, because some names are more common than others, so the attacker could try to find a key which decrypts to a list where the names follow the expected distribution.  But that's the idea.)So does this have a name?  Many-plaintext encryption or something?
How to find what files in a zip are malware using Virustotal I have a malware infected android phone and I am suspicious that some of the binaries in system/bin/ and system/xbin/ are malware so I decided to dump the system and zipped the contents of bin and xbin into one file for testing using Virustotal, after scanning, some anti-virus engines indeed detect the zip to have malware but I can't view the specific files that caused that detection. Is there a way to do this in virustotal? or any other way to achieve this?
How to find what files in a zip are malware using Virustotal I have a malware infected android phone and I am suspicious that some of the binaries in system/bin/ and system/xbin/ are malware so I decided to dump the system and zipped the contents of bin and xbin into one file for testing using Virustotal, after scanning, some anti-virus engines indeed detect the zip to have malware but I can't view the specific files that caused that detection. Is there a way to do this in virustotal? or any other way to achieve this?
Access from external network safely to raspberry I am implementing a home alarm system with raspberry and I need to access it from the external network. The initial idea was to use cascade VPN and ssh (in my university to connect to the cluster I had to first connect to the University network and then use ssh). But if via VPN I connect to the raspberry address then I cannot give commands via ssh because I'm in 'local', no? ... So I should either use ssh more fail2ban or use VPN. But could I be calm with one of these two methods? Can I use ACL somewhere? It would not be nice if someone could open the gate or access the cameras...
Storing RSA private/public key pairs in a file, on linux Would it be wise to:Generate a lot of priv./pub. key pairs, and store them in a file on the server machine(Linux). (Let's say in a companies server room)Then encrypt the file with AES, and store the AES key in server source code, directly.Then, when the server needs one random key pair, it decrypts the file, and takes a random pair.I know nothings always a 100% safe, butEDIT: The Server is local, while clients are remote. (over TCP)My question: Is this a more or less safe approach, and can someone steal/read the file somehow remotely, even tho I set the file permissions to my user only?
Can malware migrate between OSes on the same machine? Someone here at work just made an interesting claim; they stated that it's possible for malware, launched in e.g. Windows, to remain in RAM through a reboot and continue working in Linux on the machine when it boots.Are they right? I'm almost certain that's impossible, but am happy to be corrected.
Principle of Least privilege; is it ever a 'good idea' to give standard users administrative privileges? There are a number of users in the business who are required to perform administrative tasks on machines, not least the IT Service Desk, also Devs etc.The only requirement for administrative access within our estate would be to install or update software; with most software deployed centrally through SCCM. As such, any requirement would be an IT service desk agent or field technician making ad-hoc changes to a machine, or possibly a developer. There are no requirements for standard users to be local machine administrators.In the process of creating a reasonable POLP (Principle of least Privilege) policy, we determined that all users should have standard desktop user accounts, and secondary administrative accounts; with the intention being that any requirement to make local changes will be challenged with a UAC, requiring different credentials.Not only will this stop any malicious processes running in their environment from executing using their account privileges, it also acts as a 'psychological fireguard' to ensure they are being made aware they are making local changes. Additionally, should their standard account be compromised (they have emails, for example), the compromised accounts are not Administrative.Now, the above seemed logical to me at first glance, but a colleague has since challenged the proposal.I respect the colleague immensely and he has many, many years of experience in IT; but his challenge was that his standard account has Local administrative privileges on his own machine, and that with UAC turned on this should be sufficiently protected.Is he Right?Some of the users would need their ADM accounts linked to a group that populates local administrators to all machines on the domain; putting their standard accounts into that membership seems like a huge risk to me, but is simply enabling UAC prompts sufficient?
Confusion about the software and also the digital signature getting modified I'm not sure what is very secure about digitally signing a software or firmware to distribute. I understand the benefit in that it can let the receiver know if the data accidentally got corrupted during transfer as the hashes will not match, or if the software or firmware itself was purposely tampered with and modified.However, What if the software/ firmware and also the digital signature gets purposely modified to suit? The transmitted hash will now match the modified software/firmware. Let's ignore the public and private keys part for now. Won't the hashes will still match on the receiving end and we have a modified software that can still be accepted?
Confusion about the software and also the digital signature getting modified I'm not sure what is very secure about digitally signing a software or firmware to distribute. I understand the benefit in that it can let the receiver know if the data accidentally got corrupted during transfer as the hashes will not match, or if the software or firmware itself was purposely tampered with and modified.However, What if the software/ firmware and also the digital signature gets purposely modified to suit? The transmitted hash will now match the modified software/firmware. Let's ignore the public and private keys part for now. Won't the hashes will still match on the receiving end and we have a modified software that can still be accepted?
Achieve total anonymity on public wifi using Android Would this be enough to achieve total anonymity on public wifi with an Android device:use Orbotspoof your MAC addressturn off location servicesturn off cellular dataAre there any other services that should be disabled?  For example under 'Running services,' I see 'Android Core Apps,' 'Google services,' etc.How would we do the following:turn off GPS (I can ask this question on the Android exchange if this doesn't belong here)emergency calls, such as 911, can be use without cellular data.  Is emergency call tracking information continuously transmitted?  If so, is there a way to turn it off?
Using AES encryption to generate MAC (and provide authentication/integrity) Ignoring that there are far better and more standard approaches to providing authentication and integrity guarantees, what (if any) weaknesses would a system as outlined below that relies on AES (AES/CBC/PKCS7Padding) encryption to produce a MAC suffer from?plaintext = 12345678|2018-09-18T00:43:27+00:00 (uniqueID + timestamp)MAC = aes256(sha256(plaintext))Could you reliably decrypt the MAC, and then compare the output to the hash of the plaintext to prove integrity/authentication. Assuming that the MAC was generated by a trusted source with a shared secret key. Also assume that an attacker would have access to lots of plaintext and MAC pairs.Thanks
What is probability of a user picking a published password? Say I have a large list (10 million) of published accounts and associated passwords.Assume this is a representative sample of population of account passwords.From this sample I can generate a distribution of passwords ordered from most used to least.There will likely be a password that is used more than any other and there will also be a large number of passwords used once (unique passwords).Say number of unique passwords is 50%.Can I therefore conclude that when a user invents a password that there is a 50% probability that they will pick a universally unique password?If not, what can I conclude?
Mobile call encryption Is the signals of a mobile phone-call encrypted between the phone and the mobile-tower or only between the towers? And is it possible for a non-authority individual to eavesdrop on your conversation if he picks up the signal between the phone and the tower? 
How do I measure compliance to Information security policies? I work in an organisation with 3 levels as far as information security is concerned. I'm sitting at level two where we develop policies and also assist with the standards. One of the most difficult things which have come to light is how to measure compliance to policies. The risk managers at level 1 need some sort of measures to evaluate whether they comply with the set policies or not. I have tried to put metrics (KRIs) together in order to achieve the purpose. How practical and detailed should the metrics be?
How do TV satellites authenticate the receiving signal to make sure its from the TV station that its claiming to be and is not spoofing? What stops criminals from jamming  a channel by sending spoofed signals to its  satellite in space, acting like they are from the TV station and therefore hijack   or jam the channel? How can the satellite make sure the receiving signals are actually from the source they are claiming to be? Do they use some sort of digital signature? 
Is AWS Elastic Beanstalk traffic from load balancer to backend EC2 instances secure? AWS Elastic Beanstalk service routes traffic back to its EC2 instances through HTTP by default. I know this can be configured to achieve end to end encryption by adding SSL encryption from the load balancer back to its EC2 instance(s). I also know that by default everything created by Elastic Beanstalk is inside a VPC.Is the default configuration (ELB &lt;-- HTTP --> EC2) secure?
How are stateless firewalls useful in public cloud platforms? I'm trying to understand the value of stateless firewalls in public cloud platforms like Network Access Control Lists (NACL) in Amazon Web Services (AWS). I think I know a few ways I can use them, but I'm not sure about the actual value in terms of security.AWS already has security groups - which are stateful - with which I can restrict what source CIDR can access what port in a compute instance. I know NACL can be used to secure an entire subnet. Apart from sheer convenience, is there any other valid use case for stateless firewalls in cloud platforms that can't be achieved with stateful firewalls like Security Groups. This question arose because I found that Google Cloud Platform and Azure Cloud don't seem to have stateless firewall services. GCP has cloud armor security policies which look similar to AWS NACL but they seem to apply only to HTTP load balancers.
Why are CRLs used instead of \"valid certificates lists\" and inner workings of CRLs I don't really understand why the approach towards checking the validity of certificates is \"valid until proven otherwise\" (aka revocation lists).In my opinion this is kind of weird. A CA has to manually keep track of all the certificates it issued and explicitly revoke the ones that shouldn't be authenticated any more.Wouldn't it make more sense to force CAs to keep databases with the certificates they issued or even better: have each certificate signed with a seperate key that is stored in the CAs database and if you want to revoke the certificate you just have to delete its entry?Because if you look at use cases like client certificates on Apache for instance you always have to keep track of the certificates you issued (e.g. for each employee in a company). Once an employee leaves the company you have to revoke his/her certificate. But without ssl/tls by default forcing you to to have an \"active certificates list\doesn't this create margin for errors (aka forgetting to revoke a client certificate)?I mean there are other means to keep track of that (databases, LDAP etc.) but shouldn't the \"not valid until explicitly validated\"-approach not at least be an option? Or is there a solution for that (except from third party software)?And furthermore:Why is the CRL-URI in a DigiCert certificate http and not https, doesn't this mean I can just spoof this address and return a \"everything is fine and dandy\"-CRL to the client? I mean the DigiCert CRL has a signature under it which proves to the client that this is a valid CRL issued by the CA but is this mandatory? E.g. do browsers demand a signature under each crl they receive and what do they do if they don't get any crl at all?
Files on external drives executable by default with exFAT or NTFS under Ubuntu On Ubuntu, if you use (external) drives formatted as exFAT or NTFS, i.e. not ext4 or something made for the UNIX world, you may end up with a situation where all files are executable.This is because the file systems may have other concepts of permissions, or none at all. And it is to faciliate sharing between multiple computers. That makes sense.Usually, you can even adjust this behavior in the mount options. But with the default options, the drives are often auto-mounted with the behavior described above.Could you consider this a security risk? Especially if it comes to non-technical users, who will only ever use the default mount options (e.g. your grandma whom you switched to Ubuntu).You could probably say it very much depends on the contents of the drive. But why introduce the risk?
How to discover known vulnerabilities (CVEs) in Go executables? Tools that discover CVEs need to create software bill-of-material. In many cases it can be done simply by inspecting files on the target system e.g. RPM or NPM index.Would it be possible to do composition analysis on Go executables in contrast to Go source code? Is there any tools attempting to do that?edit: the question is about executables programmed in go language in general and how to automatically discover transitive dependencies of those executables as part of executing vulnerability scan for a target system.
Automatically import/deploy/distribute private key to users for use with S/MIME it is an Environment with Microsoft Active Directory, Exchange and Windows/Outlook as Client. Now there are the users which have their own private certificates to send signed mails and encrypt decrypted mails for themself, but all users also access a central mailbox where they should be able to do the same but for this central mailbox.<br>So there is a private key for this central Mailbox<br>But how do i distribute the private key to all users, so they can read and sign mails as the central mailbox? Is there a way to install the private key automatically instead of importing the private key manually?
client/server trust after authenticating over HTTPS then dropping to plaintext? DisclaimerIf this question is ridiculous it's because secure public key exchange sounds impossible before you learn about it. So I'm asking about things that may be impossible. QuestionIs it possible to drop a secure connection for plain text while maintaining a trusted connection. Meaning the server knows the player's requests are still his and the player knows game information is still the players.BackgroundI am writing some small JavaScript multiplayer games that will have authenticated users (Persistent user accounts across games). Since the server is resource limited on the computing side I would like to drop down to an unencrypted connection for game data. I am wondering if that is possible without opening myself up to very easy client or server spoofing attacks (JavaScript client).Main ConcernUser Trading in games seems particularly risky but is in development. Especially if I monetize a game linked to trading in the future. There may be enough incentive to fake a client sending valid but self damaging trades or spoof game information making misinformation scams possible. Additional InformationSince I already can't trust the client (as it's written in JavaScript) game state is always server side and clients can only send requests which are evaluated for validity.Some small games are already written and authentication is currently handled on the site which is running over https and is completely separate from the game servers. I'm in the process of bringing them together though no.Fun distributed solution?Although I don't have the resources, time or prerequisite knowledge to implement it, if trading was run through a series of DAPPS (On the ether block-chain) To my understanding all my concerns would be rectified at the expense of needing to spend real money on transactions. 
Are there security issues in not supporting TOTP 2FA for 1Password? 1Password sort of supports 2FA. We have a master password and an additional secret. But why don't they support TOTP for 2FA?I just want to make really sure that unless I approve, no other devices can access my 1Password account.Say someone put a trojan keylogger on my computer. I don't know if I can ever detect the presence of this on my current computer.Say I open 1Password in my computer. It asks for master password that I type and I insert the key. Now, since one of my computers is compromised, the hacker knows my master password and my secret key that is not regularly changed. Isn't that dangerous?LastPass implements 2FA, it supports plenty. Why doesn't 1Password? I know their engineers are active on this site and provide answers occasionally. So that's why I am asking. I've heard 1Password is security all the way, so I thought they must have \"security\" reason why they choose to implement things this way.
How does Google save authentication information in the browser? When I open Gmail in the browser, I automatically log in. I believe this is because of the previously saved cookies. If I remove cookies I need to sign in again. It means Google saves some auth keys in cookies which are never expired or in 2-3 years from now. I heard that cookies can be copy-pasted. In this way, if someone has access to the cookies, they can access your account. So the server should keep the expiry time shorter (probably a day max).Is my understanding about saving authentication info in cookies correct?If no, then what approach do they use to save authentication info in the browser?If yes, then how do they stop someone from copying the cookies or rather using the copied cookies?
Web Crypto API maturity for JavaScript RSA encryption? We have been using a JavaScript crypto API to do RSA encryption in the browser. I know all the criticisms on encryption in JavaScript but we have evaluated pros and cons of the solution and the risks are acceptable for us. In the past we used pidcrypt but now the project is abandoned so I was looking for a standard library and I have seen the Web Crypto API. The question is how much is it mature the standard especially on mobile devices?
Can smartphone app be hacked by wifi? We all know that it is possible to spy on other people in the same wifi network, even if it is difficult. What about apps, like Facebook app for Android? Is it similar to an https website so it is encrypted? For example, if I put my password on the Facebook app, can someone on my wifi network look at it?
Is it possible to verifiably timestamp a video? I am wondering if there is a way to timestamp a video. (e.g. Security camera footage)I know that there is a way to timestamp a document with a trusted time authority, and it will certainly be possible to cut the video, send it to a time authority and get it timestamped. But it won't ensure that the footage is exactly from a specific time.Could there be any trust-able methods to timestamp the video while it's being recorded, so that there will be a method to verify that the exact frame of a video footage is from exactly that time?
Are there ways in determining if devices such as router have been tampered with? In working with a number of non-profit organizations, devices such as routers that may have been used by other businesses are often acquired. Equally, devices are often inherited through other channels e.g. donationsWhat are the methods if any in determining if devices such as routers have been tampered with both from a hardware and software perspective?The threat model includes the following scenarios;Compromised operating systemModifications to firmware e.g. moddingMalware infections e.g. VPNFilterDoes resetting the device overcome 1 and 3?Can monitoring traffic on the device help identify malicious traffic that may be an indication of a tampered device?
Proper security for IoT device I'm developing a product with simple Cortex-M MCU (with no OS on board, firmware on bare metal) and internet connectivity via external module.<br>How do I make it secure? More specifically, how do I protect the data that is sent to and from the remote server?My thoughts are:I can't assume that firmware can be protected; since all users will have physical access to it - they eventually will find a way to dump it. Flash-read protection won't work, encrypting the flash won't prevent dumping it from RAM or something else.  Using external encrypted flash/eeprom won't work for the same reasons.  Relying on HTTPS on the external chip won't be enough because external module is connected to the MCU via UART and can easily be sniffed or tampered.I have very basic understanding of cryptography but I know that I shouldn't invent my own, so I presume I'll have to encrypt all the data that is sent to the server by some well-known public key crypto. Probably using session keys.But that still requires using one master secret key on the device and I don't know how to store it securely due to 1).Any ideas? Is there a well-known bulletproof solution?Or I should just generate random keys for every device (not derived from device ID or anything like that)? So if one device is compromised it won't affect the whole network - and that's about it?UPD: Clarification - I don't want to allow device owner to impersonate other devices and upload false data (about other devices) to the database.
Can information sent over unencrypted http still be seen if I'm on an encrypted wifi? I was booking a haircut online and noticed that when they made me sign up for an account, the credentials were not being encrypted (or at least that's what firefox was telling me). It's not a huge deal because it's just an account that I use to book haircuts, but it got me wondering, how much of a security risk is this if I'm on a WPA2 encrypted wifi (and can be reasonably sure no attackers know the password)? Are there other points of attack at which the data could be seen besides sniffing the packets over wifi?
Recovering hidden contents from a jpg picture Is there any way someone could recover hidden text from a jpg. For example in the picture
Where to find the security hardened docker images Is there any service that provides certified, security hardened Docker images for common platforms like Python, PHP, Node, Java, etc. with 0 major/critical CVEs.Currently, we are using the ones from RedHat but the problem is, even If I scan the RedHat provided image with A level (means clean), through Docker trusted registry CVE database, I found at least 50 critical and more than 50 major CVEs in them; therefore, I can't establish a baseline on top of which I can scan the user added apps for CVEs and could decide to fail the security scanning test.We need that kind of service to establish a secure image build pipeline, so that we don't start overlooking at the application level CVEs , once we fix all the CVEs in base images , or get base images in which all the CVEs are being fixed regularly then we will be able to clearly decide automatically that the CVE is due to application and stop promoting the image in the pipeline.
What is the specific basis that allows an entity to connect a cert chain to a trusted root? Let's say I want to validate an entity that presents an X509v3 certificate, \"Leaf\".  Leaf is a cert signed by SigningCA.  SigningCA's cert, \"SigningCert\was signed by RootCA.  RootCA's cert, \"RootCert\" is in my system's trust store.I pull Leaf and see that it is signed by SigningCA.  Specifically, the linkage is that in the \"Authority Information Access\" section of Leaf, 'CA Issuers' contains a URL that I can follow to pull down SigningCA's cert, SigningCert. So I go and pull that down and do validation. All is good.But now I want to check that SigningCA is legit. It has it's own CA Issuers field pointing me to the cert of RootCA, RootCert.Now my question: to validate, do I need to pull this URL, or is it sufficient that RootCert is in my trust store and has some property that allows for quick comparison against what I have already?  It seems (from some experimentation with browsers) that pulling the RootCert is not required, which makes me think that they are comparing some field in SigningCert to something present in all the certs in the trust store and reporting success if a match is found. If so, what is that thing?
Is AES+hash rather than HMAC problematic? I will now ask a strange question, but bear with me. I can't share the entire usecase, but the point is to allow the holder of a secret key to create \"strings\" (used in other systems). The strings should be: non-reversible (=> hash) and should nobody but the key holder should be able to create them based on a known plaintext.I know this sounds like an (H)MAC, but the goal is not message authentication.So, to achieve that result (a non-reversible string that only the key-owner can generate), is encrypt(AES)-then-hash a good option as an alternative to HMAC?A clarification - since it should be reproducible, the AES encryption (in CBC mode) should use a constant, rather than random initialization vector. This is in general wrong, but since the result of the encryption will be immediately hashed, the drawback of constant IV might be mitigated.HMAC is faster than AES+hash (on my machine around 5 times), but both are fast enough for that to not be relevant.HSMs support both encryption and HMAC. AWS KMS does not support HMAC.Are there other drawbacks or benefits of AES+hash over HMAC? Or is there another canonical way to achieve to same goal - \"irreversible result that only the key-holder can generate\"
Concepts of PKI Encryption and Digital Signature Authentication I am trying to understand how SSL uses PKI and Digital Signature authentication to ensure secure and verified communications.I've read various sources online and from what I can tell the basic process is:A Server is given a Certificate from a Certificate Authority (CA).    This Certificate includes (at minimum) the Public Key of the Server and a Digital Signature.    The Digital Signature is some 'token' data encrypted with the CA's Private Key.The Server sends data to a Client. It also sends the Digital Signature with it.The Client checks that this CA is trusted by looking for it in a hard-coded list of CAs on the local system. The Client can verify this Digital Signature by decrypting it using the CA's Public Key and checking for the original 'token' data.    The Client now knows that the Server is trustworthy, according to the CA.The Client sends data to the Server, encrypted by the Server's Public Key and an algorithm e.g. RSA.The Server decrypts the data using it's Private Key.   I would like to know if this understanding is correct from a high-level, and if not, what have I got wrong/missed? Or any sources I should read elsewhere that will help.
Is it possible to become infected with virus, trojan or malware by browsing the infected sites or running installation .exe? I am quite paranoid and I am always afraid that when i accidentally open some infected sites it would run scripts that automatically download malwares, viruses and trojans into my pc and run by themselves without prompting the download window.   Do browsers report every download or is it possible to circumvent it in some way that initiates downloads? And is it possible to have malwares, trojans or viruses that could infect your pc without having you download something -- but instead through text-based or web-script based means of transmission? How safe are popular browsers such as google chrome, firefox etc.. and in comparison, very outdated ones such as windows IE. Does the type of internet protocol (http, https matter in this regard? Also for malwares and adwares, do they infect your computer with undesirable elements immediately when you run the installation .exe files, or does it require for them to finish installation? Generally is it possible to check what kind of changes a program makes beforehand or afterwards, and is it possible to block the changes it wants to make midway if you have found out its a malware or adware during installation or with the process running already. I think windows by default would notify you if a program wants to make changes to your pc but usually i disable that since the default behaviour of that windows function is too annoying...is there an alternative solution that could detect changes made to computer and halt them only when you request for it, or that the program is included in some kind of online blacklist?
Is possible to attack a Wordpress website if someone know username and password of admin account? Currently, I prevented accessing my wp-admin by htaccess as well as used functions.php to create a function to prevent accessing admin panel if the user is Admin.If someone knows the username and password of the Admin account, is it possible to change my website appearance as well as deleting posts/comments, etc.?If possible, how could they?
Blind SQL Injection on Amazon RDS I found a vulnerability which allows me to run any query on an Amazon RDS server. I was able to extract the user hashes by using the --passwords parameter of sqlmap, and one of the hashes was cracked before. The thing is, I'm not sure that first the Amazon RDS Instance is accessible from the internet (specifically any IP), and I'm not sure how I could get the ip of the RDS instance (--hostname returns internal 172.x.x.x address). I'm wondering if there is anything I can do to further escalate the vulnerability.
How do you test buffer overflows in the lab? I'm doing a lot of learning about buffer overflows, and BROP. My problem is how can I test against real software in the lab? I can find a lot of CVE's that contain sever bugs that are open to a buffer overflow attack but no way of testing. By default installing these on my own server will have buffer overflow protections enabled.I've created my own software to test against. That's easy, but I want to test against something real.Any ideas?
Does a File's Checksum Change after it is Digitally Signed? From my understanding, when you digitally sign a file, it changes that file's checksum because they are bundled together.Example of what I mean:<blockquote>  file1.txt only contains the letter 'd' and the crc32 checksum of this file is 98dd4acc. However, I want to digitally sign it using my certificates private key. After I digitally sign it, what is the hash of the file? Does it remain the same as 98dd4acc or does it change after its bundled with the certificate?</blockquote>Am I right or wrong in assuming the checksum of the file will change? Is a digital signature not actually included in the file itself but instead included in the properties or something.Thank you.
Is it critical to enable DNSSEC if I am using TLS/SSL certificate on a website? I have TLS installed for a website, does it matter if DNSSEC is enabled for this domain or there is no real need for that then?
What type of malware can see my browsing activity? I downloaded and installed Malwarebytes. After running a scan, Malwarebytes quarantined a bunch of different malware programs. What type of malware can see my browsing history, my Google searches and Facebook activity?I know that spyware and keylogger types of malware can do that, but Malwarebytes detected none of those on my computer. Instead, it detected adware, trojan agent, and all kind of PUPs. Can those kinds of malware see my browsing activity? 
What files can I keep to reinstall an infected system without getting infected again? I'm quite sure my Windows PC is infected beyond salvation and I want to format it and reinstall everything. However, I have a 128 GB SSD where I keep only the OS and a 1 TB hard disk where I have programs and all of my files. If I boot from Linux to save whatever I can save, what should I save and what should I be careful about completely deleting?I guess all executables are better deleted as a malware with control of the system could've replaced them with malicious versions? And what about other kind of files?In particular I'm concerned about my emulators and ROMs of retro consoles. I'll probably delete all the emulators, but are ROMs at risk? Can they easily be corrupted to become malicious software? And in general, can I keep documents, videos and music?And if any executable slips through and I don't manually execute it, could it cause any damage?
openssl vs gpg for file based encryption? Pros vs cons for security? I want to encrypt a tar archive and optionally a block file system (akin to DMG image).  Does anyone know the pros vs cons of encrypting each with OpenSSL vs GPG?I ask because some have stated that the OpenSSL command line is malleable and prone to attack.  Therefore GPG was recommended.  I'm still unclear of the reasons why.  I'm also confused because GPG is asymmetric and it's unclear of this requirement for encrypting a file that only one person needs to decrypt.Your insight and/or pointers appreciated.Nick
Is it possible to detect if a trojan or program sends information by sniffing the network of a VM Explaining better, I was consulting on how I can ensure that the programs of an operating system does not perform any suspicious activity with my information, and I have been told that electronic devices come to monitor the network and know what happens in it.Thinking of an alternative, it occurred to me that I could clone the current system and run it in virtualbox and sniff the network traffic of the virtual machine.Could this be as effective as the electronic device for detecting backdoors or programs that can send our information?<blockquote>  Please consider editing my question if it is poorly written in your language because I am native Spanish. Thank you.</blockquote>
How to copy files without copying Alternate Data Streams I want to backup my infected Windows system's files before formatting it all and reinstalling the system. I would do it from a Linux Live USB. I've heard that one should be careful in copying only the files and not the alternate data streams or they would help the malware persist when reinstalling the system.From Linux, how do I copy the files safely without carrying the alternate data streams with them?
Can Netsparker detect a CVE in an open source library packaged in a WebPack bundle? In a recent Netsparker scan, a CVE against an open source JavaScript library was reported (as expected). I'm trying to understand exactly how Netsparker determines:  1. Which JS library is being used, and 2. Which version of the JS library is being usedMy guess is that it is parsing the version info from the comments in the header. However, if a JS library is combined with others using WebPack to create a bundle, can Netsparker determine that multiple libraries are being used and detect CVEs for all of them?I looked on the Netsparker site, but couldn't find enough information. I'm asking this because I don't have a copy of Netsparker that I can arbitrarily run.
Company VPN and privacy. (Cisco Anyconnect) Straight to the point. Is my employer able to see what websites I visited while I was connected to the VPN of the company?I'm pretty sure that all web internet traffic is routed on my private ISP because even when I'm connected to the VPN my IP on the internet is the same of my ISP.Also, Anyconnect reports \"Tunnel mode IPv4: split include\" so it seems that all personal traffic doesn't go through the tunnel.But given that, how can I know if my company is able to see my dns requests?Thanks everyoneps: the difference with the other question is that the other user talks about a physical connection in an office, inside a building of his company while I'm talking about a private machine in a private house connected through a vpn to the intranet of a company.
Bypassing file upload restrictions on php server I am conducting a penetration test on a website and am trying to prove that php code can be executed with the file upload. The website allows for file uploads but it checks for: 1: Filetype2: Extension (Only jpeg or png)3: File size (Max 2MB). So, it is possible to upload a file (test.php.png), I therefore thought that adding in PHP code inside the Exif data would run but it does not, why is this?
What is the importance of fuzzing? I\u2019ve heard a lot about fuzzing website parameters with programs like OWASP-zap but what is the importance of it? A simple active scan finds vulnerabilities in a website such as XSS. So why do we need the fuzzer? If someone could shed some light on this that would be amazing! I\u2019m new to website hacking.
Logged into same network of residence, owner knows my Mac address.. what can they see? Logged into same network of residence, owner knows my Mac address.. what can they see?They are techy and know my Mac address for my phone and PC.<br>Can they see text message to and from me? My email? My pictures and documents?... Maybe even this right now..?
Should I refresh access token There is a case when a specific authorized user changes his password or email. As email or password is part of user authentication, I think that it is necessary to revoke all auth tokensBut, how to best practice to refresh auth token in this case? 
Replace application's AppArmor profile without process restart I'm using AppArmor in complain mode for a process in our production environment and I see some false positive profile violations in my logs. I'd like to roll out an updated profile but I cannot restart the process. Is there any way to replace an AppArmor profile without restarting the confined process? How to make sure that the profile has been correctly replaced?
Brute-force attack to exe file I have an encrypted file and the program.exe through which it was encrypted. When I want decrypt file, I need to know the password with which the file was encrypted. Can you help me some tool for brute-force attack to this password, which will be usable for .exe file? When I paste wrong password, I get a popup window displaying message: wrong password.
How safe is it to allow key-based SSH access within LAN? So this is my setup: We have a few machines in a LAN, used for computation, which me and my colleagues access from the outside with SSH. All our accounts on the LAN machines are managed and shared via LDAP (resides in the LAN, but is only accessible with SSL). Access from the outside is restricted through one of the machines (SSH on port other than 22 and runs Fail2Ban). Password authentication is disabled and all users use passphrase-encrypted keys when logging in from outside the LAN. Root login is also disabled throughout the network.However, as it is common to switch from machine to machine, many users use paswordless login within the LAN. This means that if an attacker gains access to that outside-facing host, he has the same level of access throughout the LAN as the user which was compromised.How can I mitigate this risk? What are some good practices to follow? Are there other glaring issues with my setup?
VSFTPD backdoor uses In 2011 there was a vulnerability introduced in the VSFTPD downloadable which gave the attacker a bind shell on port 6200 (As seen on metasploitable machines.) What would the attacker be able to use this shell for? How would this exploit affect the confidentiality of the system in question? I have been unable to find this information on any site.
Can I securely keep the user logged into my local application AND use the password as a decryption key? I'm somewhat new to data encryption/safety, but I already read about basic concepts like hashing passwords, encrypting files, etc. If possible, please ELI5 - thanks in advance.Background: my application interacts with a third party (Twitch) using an OAuth key for IRC as well as a Client ID. Both of these can be used to effectively access the application's Twitch account and do anything with it. The keys are sent as plaintext whenever the application establishes a connection with the Twitch servers (which I can't do anything about and it's not really that huge of a problem). My main security concern is about someone getting access to the user's computer and stealing the keys from there.I'd like to securely store these on the disk so that the user doesn't have to log into Twitch every time they open the application (to retrieve the keys). To do this, my best solution so far was to encrypt the file containing them. The obvious way to do this would be to require a password when the application starts, then use a stored hash+salt to check that password, and use the password (or its hash with a different salt) as a key to decrypt the file.As said before, I'm new to data protection, so there might be a much better way to do this. Please do suggest one if there is one. However, as for this... If possible, I'd also like to not have the user enter their password every time they open the application - simply for user convenience. Prompting the password once per user session (or once every time the computer is restarted) seems reasonable.I thought about doing this by storing something in RAM, or perhaps by storing some kind of hash as a temporary file. However, I haven't been able to come to an actual conclusion yet. Maybe I'm asking for too much. Nevertheless, is there an actual, decent way to implement this? If not, is prompting for a password on every application startup a better idea than going about storing those Twitch keys securely in some other way?If it matters - for my specific case, I'm using Python 3.7, and I aim to make my application cross-platform (as long as the system supports Python).
Tls certificate correspondence I am not really good in tls details, just know some basics.So there are couple of questions about it:Is there a way to decipher tls in wireshark if the cipher method is diffie hellman? I know that using web browser it is easy as I have session key there. But in general case how I can extract session keys if I just have tls over bare tcp? If I have multiple clients who connect to the server, how does the server distinguish between different certificates and chooses the right one to decipher the message? 
how does tresorit \"shared links\" work if files are encrypted on the server? Tresorit has the option of sending a link that anyone can open without a Tresorit account or password.  If files are encrypted on the server, how can anyone with a link decrypt it?  Are files with shared links unencrypted on the server?
What is two full-length key components PCI DSS requirement 3.5.3 PCI DSS requirement 3.5.33.5.3 Store secret and private keys used  to encrypt/decrypt cardholder data in one  (or more) of the following forms at all  times:............As at least two full-length key  components or key shares, in  accordance with an industry accepted  methodCould you let me what the full-length key  components,what is relationship with secret and private keys store? AS a QSA how to Verify if the The audited party meet the condition\uff1f Thanks a lot~
What is two full-length key components PCI DSS requirement 3.5.3 PCI DSS requirement 3.5.33.5.3 Store secret and private keys used  to encrypt/decrypt cardholder data in one  (or more) of the following forms at all  times:............As at least two full-length key  components or key shares, in  accordance with an industry accepted  methodCould you let me what the full-length key  components,what is relationship with secret and private keys store? AS a QSA how to Verify if the The audited party meet the condition\uff1f Thanks a lot~
Does using two layers of encryption reduce security (Veracrypt/Truecrypt)? If I decided to do a full disk encryption, or simply encrypt the partition of a disk, then put a encrypted file container which contains sensitive files inside it for a little extra peace of mind, how does that effect security?I ask this because I'm always hearing some people say that layers of encryption effects the overall security of your... whatever. So is any of this true? If so explain HOW please. thank you.I'm aware of the speed implications of putting so many layers of encryption and don't care. What I do care about is whether or not this method affects my overall security. 
Detecting if an agent is listening to specific messages Is there a way to detect if an agent Z is listening to (and acting on) messages from Y? I can observe the messages that Y sends and the actions that Z takes, but I know Z is also listening (and acting on) other messages that I do not observe. I do not need to know how Z takes its actions, just that if sometimes it listens and acts on the messages received from Y or not.  For example say that Y can send either a 1 or a 0. Z can do one of four things say a,b,c,d. I can observe, the messages sent by Y and the actions taken by Z. But I have no information about what else is being sent to Z which effects the action of Z.To my mind this has some similarities to steganography detection. Is Y sending messages with hidden instructions to Z? Zs actions are a function of the messages and other unknown factors.
How to back up and restore personal data safely from possibly exploited android phone? I'm using a Samsung J7 Prime with Android version 7.0, not rooted.Recently, I grew suspicious I had become the target of some kind of exploit/network attack/mitm. Since I suspect the exploit is probably running on the OS/firmware level, I'm going to try and do a clean install of the OS. However, I'm not sure as to how I can safely back up my personal data first. I don't want to back up any app data or settings whatsoever, just some documents and pictures and a messenger chat backup, using Google drive and an external USB drive. But every time I plug the USB in via OTG cable, all these unnecessary system files like com.kms.free, com.sec.android.gallery3d, com.google and such automatically get loaded onto the USB. I'm guessing these files are coming from my external sd card, as I read in another thread here that the OS creates some back up files on external media in case it fails to boot from the system partition. But assuming some malicious exploit is running on firmware level, these files could potentially infect both the USB and sd card, and thus by restoring any files from them, I will probably risk reinfection.Is there any way to stop this autobackup of system files and  safely backup and restore only my personal data from the USB and Google Drive? I learnt that if the exploit is in firmware or OS level, formatting doesn't help either, so I'll probably have to ditch the external SD card altogether. But I want my USB drive to avoid this infection, so that the personal data on it can be restored safely on the clean device. Same goes for the documents I have on Google drive, how can I be sure that the data uploaded to it is clean and therefore safe to restore?Please help me out a little, I'm really in a bind here. Need some guidance urgently, phone has become very unstable.
Updating computers over unsafe connections If an attacker manages to get control of one of the devices managing or routing internet traffic along or on my network, e.g, a compromised router or femtocell/IMSI-catcher for mobile internet, how do I go about safely and securely updating my computers (e.g, apt-get update apt-get upgrade)?I realize doing this over tor might be a good idea, but I need to install tor in the first place and so need to connect to the internet.
Why would modern OS allocate static addresses or why is ASLR still needed? I have a question about ASLR which allocates randomized addresses for things. Based on my understanding (which might be wrong), a modern OS has pretty complicated memory management mechanisms and it seems REALLY challenging to allocate the same address for the same program every single time. In other words, by intuition, I feel like randomized address should be the default behavior, and to allocate static address would require some effort. Is this understanding completely wrong? Or the OS allocates separate address space for each process so that in each address space the process always gets its comfortable static address by default?
What are the drawbacks to automatically deleting web server access logs? What would be the downsides to either disabling or automatically deleting web server access logs that are older than 7-10 days?I'd like to limit how long I store personally-identifiable data (IP address) for my visitors but would also like to strike a balance with regard to security. Would I be losing anything important if I were to disable logs or just didn't notice something wrong with the site until after the logs had been deleted?
If my private key is password protected, then how is it used without asking me for it? Relating to TLS and SSH. If my private key is password / passphrase protected, how is this then used automatically during TLS or SSH communication without asking me for the password? 
How do VPN providers prevent getting blocked using e.g. Cloudflare, like it is the case for Tor exit-nodes? <blockquote>  How do VPN providers prevent getting blocked using e.g. Cloudflare, like it is the case for Tor exit-nodes?</blockquote>Anyone using Tor to the browse the Internet have experienced that their connection is blocked by Cloudflare or some other service that flags the Tor exit-node as a potential source of malicious traffic.I guess the traffic of VPN users, e.g. NordVPN, is not more benign than that of Tor users. So, why aren't VPN users blocked by Cloudflare - their Internet traffic is also routed through a fixed set of nodes?
Is self signed certificate secure for personal use if verified before access? I made a simple streaming server with self signed certificate. Is it secured enough if I manually check my certificate? My server also has password.
How does DNS over TLS prevent your ISP from seeing the websites you visit? For example, I'm using DNS over TLS in Android Pie. This happens:I visit a website (google.com).I send a DNS query to the DNS server, and the response is the IP address of google.com. The ISP knows I contacted the DNS server, but doesn't know the query or the response.Next, I connect to the IP of google.com. The ISP knows I contacted google.com's IP now.And yet, news articles (and some questions in this site) says that the ISP won't see the websites you visit if you use DNS over TLS. Am I missing something here?
How can I tell if a keyboard for android is safe? Background: I am a normal smart phone user, with no experience in information security. I want to download a new keyboard for my Android 6 phone off Google Play, as my current keyboard is not great. I am not handling valuable information in my phone, other than online account passwords including banking passwords, etc.Question: How can I assess the risks presented buy any particular keyboard? What risks should I look out for?In terms of key-logging, am I more or less OK if a keyboard does not require network access? If so, can the keyboard gain network access in other ways than asking directly for the network access privilege?Is asking for access to my Bluetooth bad?The SwiftKey Keyboard wants access to:<blockquote>    Calendar      Calendar events plus confidential information    Contacts       Find account on the device    Location      Precise location    Full storage access  Networking:      Full network access  Connect and disconnect from wifi  View network connections  View wifi connections  Receive data from the internet        (and some other non-important things, like controlling phone sleep and vibration)</blockquote>This seems like a security disaster to me; it is terrifying to think what can be done with these permissions!How do I protect myself?
what is the best algorithm for hashing stored users info on client-side on a web app I have this scenario in a web app which I'm working on its client-side code(I'm building it with ReactJS): I obtain user's infohash 'emsend it to the server for being authenticatedand when I get the result back I have to store the password and username locally in the LocalStorage for the further request to other APIs-you see it would be really inconvenient to ask for user's credentials each time while they had logged in before so I have to store 'em- (it is an obligation made by the back-end programmers to ask for the password and username for each request).So, I'm asking if anyone knows what would be the best solution for this situation? Should I hash 'em or do something completely different? If hashing is the answer, what would be the best hashing algorithm for this matter?
CSRF Token for Anti Automation for multiple requests Need some inputs for  the CSRF token  design to prevent anti-automation.1. When a page loads for an user session, a request is given to the server, which would fetch the CSRF token , returned as part of the Get Response of Page Load.The idea is to provide a solution, where no major state is stored on the server-except for one token for each user session per request.Every time, a request is made( Get/Post), the existing token is validate and a new token is returned from the server to the client.This is stored in the user session.On sending the post request, client validates whether the token value is equal to value in the session and server validates, whether the token received in the request is same as the token stored in the session.When the user performs an action, there can be multiple requests to the server at a point  of time from the client side.Or before the earlier request's response is  received , there can be another request send from the client application.In this case , would the same CSRF token be send?Or should a pool of tokens be returned from the server for the same?Can this token's also be used for Get requests so as to prevent the attacker to not clog the server with  replay attacks with the get requests?Also, should the CSRF token send in the header or body? Is there any need for it to be encrypted?
read raw dump with WinDBG Is it possible to convert a full raw dump memory and open it in WinDBG ? In order to inspect if they are no malwares, filter process who call particular API, dump each process in memory etc...
How to control program permissions and resources in Windows Is it possible to set specific restrictions/permissions for a program(s) by using any software/feature on Windows? Preferably set before launch and preferably set using a single software/interface, like how android handles permissionsFor instance, deny program XYZ access to the internet, but not read/write files except in folder ABC. It would be great if it was also possible to set restrictions on resource usage as well (not more than 50% of total CPU, etc)Task Manager's process priorities is pretty good but not quite what I'm looking for
Standard practice for managing expired and revoked certificates used for signatures? Curious to know what the standard practice is to maintain old/revoked certificates that were previously used to sign documents that must be verified in the future.For example, suppose there is a service that signs documents and they have a valid SSL certificate valid for one year. The service signs documents 0-1000 during the first year, 1000-2000 the second year, etc. (to keep things simple). After ten years, there will be a new certificate used for documents 9000-10000, however customers need to verify any/all of the previous documents signed with old keys. At this point they will have 10 certificates/public keys total.So, the private key can be taken off the server to protect it from compromise, but the public key will need to remain for verification through the service itself (and the customers can also keep a copy of the public key for their own verification). In this case, does the service either:<br><br>a. loop through all the previous public keys to see if one fits<br>b. re-sign all of the old signatures each time a new private key is purchased<br>c. keep track of which documents were signed with which particular key?<br>d. another option not mentioned here<br>Also included is the possibility that in year 5, the private key used to sign documents 4000-4500 has been revoked, so a new key was needed for 4500-5000 (after any security issues were resolved).
Classification of countermeasures for family of vulnerabilities I would like to know if anyone of you has already read about some models that would classify a set of possible countermeasures against a family of vulnerabilities. What I mean by a 'family of vulnerabilities' is, for example, vulnerabilities that would allow an attacker to realize a denial of service. The countermeasure to such vulnerabilities is generally the same, or at least in the same class of countermeasure.Of course, this requires a bit of abstraction and generalization, but I believe this to exist, even if I didn't find anything yet. This could be presented in very high level way such as: software vulnerabilities are solved by this kind of countermeasures and hardware vulnerabilities by this kind. Or in more in-depth ways. STRIDE is the closet of what I am looking for so far, but there is no discussion on what countermeasure can be used against a particular threat. So if you guys know anything that is a serious track (scientific publication) or that is well used (standard?), I would appreciate some sharing :)
How can CSRF POST happen? I realise this is a newbie question but when it comes to this im clearly that.On a browser, assuming one received a cookie from site A. Then a different  site B makes a call to site A through it's javascript (lets leave redirects/clicks aside for now).Does that call also carry the cookies stored in the browser for site A or is it that cookies are only sent through the appropriate domain context?Im trying to better understand CSRF and evaluate if what im describing is a real scenario. For redirects such as facebook.com/DELETE_EVERYTHING where GET requests aren't idempotent I understand not much can be done. But I'm trying to see what other cases CSRF covers and how a POST can happen through CSRF.If what I'm describing is valid then I understand how a CSRF token might help but in that case, why is this allowed in the first place?If not, how can a CSRF POST happen?
Is there any methodology to detect smart deauthentication attack? I'm a project student in IIT-Hyderabad. I have been working in Wifi security domain for my M.Tech. In particular, I chose de-authentication attack.Whenever I sent De-Auth frames continuously to APs  for limited time I got detected by IDS. But When I sent limited frames randomly I was not  detected. I am curious to know if there is any methodology to analyze this kind of smart attack using techniques like machine learning/ wavelets/signal processing etc.   Can any one please suggest papers to read on Wireless IDS for detecting the attack if attack is done randomly or periodically  (when attacker sends limited frames less than or equal to the threshold value of detector).Thank You.
What is the impact of leaving disabled root key on AWS instance? I have a user which, when asked to create an IAM root user account, left the now disabled root key on the instance.When asked to remove the root key, he said it's disabled now so what's the difference.I don't want to get into a argument with this guy but was wondering if the community had any cogent thoughts about the impact of leaving a root key on the system when it's disabled?Thanks!
An authentication protocol to prevent phishing & solve the problem of password reuse? When writing about best practices for authentication, I find that today's best practices still leave gaping holes in security, specifically not solving the problem of password reuse by users - websites are currently sent the user's input which means they could be storing it without them knowing. It also means that a user that is tricked into visiting a malicious site instantly gives away their credentials.When I talk of passwords, I believe that any authentication key, whether it be generated via biometrics, a physical key or a password should be forced to use this protocol.I have been unable to find any such protocols online for this purpose, the current idea would be something of the sort (I'm not a crypto expert, this is merely an example).1) The LoginID is passed to the server, the server responds with a user-set reply to validate they are logging in at the genuine site.2) The user's browser is sent a cryptographic key linked to their account, when the user inputs their password, the browser first encrypts this key with the users password &amp; then hashes it, before sending it to the server. The server should then follow best practices for password storage as currently advised.In sumarry, what is needed:1) A mechanism when authenticating that is clear to users that they are logging in at the correct location that they believe they are.2) The website must never receive the user's actual authentication key (i.e. their plaintext fingerprint).Why?I first thought of this when thinking about multifactor authentication and thinking it is rather a bad idea to transmit biometrics to anybody for any reason in plaintext, (over encrypted channels, it doesn't matter), as we have seen all too many times websites not taking adequate security measures, it is not so easy to change ones fingerprint. Included must be some form of mechanism to ensure the user does not transmit credentials to the wrong site. Hence I reccomend the two-stage login, the user login ID (which should not be a username or an email, it should be private), is entered, upon entry the user is sent the prompt they set, this could be an image or text or both, this acts as a way of preventing simple phishing attacks which aim to clone sites. THis is necessary to prevent phishing attacks else malicious sites will still mimick genuine ones, or unattentive users will fall victim. (I reccomend that the browsers flag login inputs as 'insecure', informing the user will be sent in plaintext, if websites choose not to adhere to this standard).Again this is just an example. It just seems that it is not all too complex or costly to implement what would be a real advantage to user security. It would eliminate the need for a password manager &amp; make password breaches a minor inconvenience. And as said earlier, it adresses the pressing issue of biometrics.Again I'm no crypto expert, this is just a simple example protocol.I have attempted to find information on protocols for this purpose but have failed. I have seen some answers on stackexchange reccomending such a thing, but not a dedicated post. I apoligise if this is a duplicate, the search terms on this matter predictably throw up irrelevant posts.
Security for FTP connection within a server In PHP, I am accessing another user's files using FTP on the same server. In this case, do I need to use secure FTP or is it ok to have normal FTP as both source and destination are on the same server?Adding after getting some comments and answers:One website is accessing files of another website for some processing requirements and cloning. There is no permission issue. Both websites are under different users in linux so PHP code executing under 1 user cannot access files of another user for copying. Also, I am using FTP (which is already there on the server) because in future these websites may be on different servers. But now they are on same server.Notes: - Both website users cannot be added to same group as this is the only time one website accesses files of another site. After that they should not be able to access files of one another.
Would sniffing all network traffic from android device to check for spyware be a viable solution I suspect that my Google pixel (Android 9) phone has some sort of a spyware installed. There are no obvious symptoms like overheating, extreme data usage, or battery draining at an unusual rate. But I have very good reason to believe that both  my phone and computer (Ubuntu 18.0.4) are being monitored. I am using Charles Proxy on my Ubuntu machine (which may and likely is also infected). My phone connects to Charles, and then I am using Wireshark to capture all the outgoing traffic from my phone. So far, I have not seen anything really suspicious when analysing the network. There doesn't seem to be any odd activity when the phone is silent, or when I am just typing in a notes application. But I would like to know, if my method here is correct, and sufficient to capture the packets potentially leading to a spyware of some sort.The way I see it, if for example a key logger has been installed then the key stroke information has to be sent out at some point, and so it shouldn't be able escape Wireshark.I am very new to security/network security. So I am wondering is my method above correct?Please let me know if this is not the right way to go about this, or perhaps if you can kindly direct me to links/books/any resource which would allow me to know for sure my devices are free of spyware. The potential attacker in this case, is someone fully capable of writing a sophisticated software. He is a senior software developer with resources to hire a talented hacker. I have been on the same network as him in the past (have formatted and factory reset devices since then) and has had physical access to my computer at some point, but not phone.
Is this strategy end 2 end encryption and secure? I'm passing sensitive financial data to a payment processor online via cloud functions and would like your expert opinions, please. The workflow is as follows:A customer indicates they want to transact by tapping a checkout button. The checkout button hits an API on the server which generates public and private keys. Both keys are sent to a secured database, keyed by the public key. Only the server has permissions to read and write to the database. The server responds to the client with the public key so the customer can asymmetrically encrypt their data.The customer enters their sensitive bits into the client on ssl/tls, which encrypts the data with the public key and then sends the data and public key back to the server. The server fetches the private key from the database using the public key, decrypts the customers sensitive data, deletes both keys from the database, tokenizes the decrypted data, and finally submits the tokenized data to the transactional processor. The client is updated with a callback for the transaction state or error. Is this a secure procedure? What weak points can I address? What is the technical term for this strategy?
Should I use TOTP when using OAuth2 I'm implementing TOTP in my application to allow users to use two factor authentication with Google authenticator and the like.However I've also implemented \"social login\" using OAuth, should the users be prompted for their TOTP codes when logging in with those OAuth accounts as well? (Given that users might already be using 2FA on that service the login experience could become cumbersome)
How can I securely disable CSRF validation for native clients when browser clients access the same API? I have an API endpoint that is accessible by both native (console, mobile apps) and Javascript based clients.How do I ensure that the CSRF AntiForgeryToken is only invoked during Javascript calls?Can this be done in a non-authenticated/anonymous manner? Or are the entitlements listed within an authentication token the only way for a server to determine if CSRF should be applied? (native vs browser flow)Do Javascript clients (not the libraries themselves) have a specific set of HTTP headers and corresponding values that I can rely upon to determine the request type?Does separating the API services (APIController) onto a separate web server, with a different DNS name, allow me to use Same Origin Policy (SOP), to effectively force the Javascript clients to apply the headers that would otherwise be omitted in scenario 3 above?
How to analyze and track what data a software sends? How can i track which program sends data over my network and can i see the contents of it?If we have a AV software installed in a VM , can we see what it's sending from your pc when doing a scan?  
How to solve the problem of secure randomly generated GUIDs when the size of the data outgrows the GUIDs I've been struggling with this problem for a little while... How to hide the order that records were created in, basically. You typically do this by generating a \"GUID\". But this GUID is arbitrarily chosen to be a very large number, essentially a number so large that it will encompass all records ever created.But the question is, if it is too small. If later on down the road there turns out to be a number twice as big as the last \"biggest\" number. Then we can know from the IDs that the ones with the length of the first GUID are part of the first group of people that were using the system. So there is the creeping in of that original problem: the order of the records is now no-longer hidden.If you simplify the problem, you can say at first there are 100 possible slots, so everyone out of the possible hundred get a random number 1-100. When it reaches 100, then you grow to the next chunk, let's say 200 or 1000. So then everyone from that point forwards gets a random number 101-1000. But this means the first group is still identifiable. Once this number becomes too small, we go to lets say 10,000. Then numbers 1001-10000 are for the next set, but we can now tell the first two groups of people from the third.To hide this, it is as if you need to recalculate every ID and do a batch update of all possible URLs using these IDs, or cross-references. Then you would just provide a new random number out of the random set. But the problem with this is if the IDs were written down on paper or used on a platform outside of what you own (like they post a link on twitter), then it would break with this approach.So it seems the only viable solution is to pick a number large enough that it will never, ever be crossed. But this seems like a moving target. It seems you could always need a bigger number.As such, I'm wondering if there are any alternative solutions instead of picking an arbitrarily large random number as the size of the set of GUIDs.
Can using torrent help me obfuscate Tor-over-VPN traffic? There is tremendous misinformation about Tor in my country's mainstream media so, even though i use Tor for everyday surfing, I'd like to hide it from my ISP.Currently, I use a VPN whenever I am online, tunneling also other traffic such as torrents.I am in a 14-eyes country, but my VPN server is not.I know that using a VPN I should be covered, but I fear that this could not be enough.Here is my question: If I generate heavy loads of traffic with p2p protocols (e.g. torrent) while I am surfing with Tor-browser, everything over the same VPN, can it gives me privacy benefits?In other words, will my ISP have to try harder in order to discover that I am using Tor?
Individual public keys for embedded devices? I have a hardware device, which collects data. It should then encrypt the data, and send it to a server, which should decrypt the data.The device is an embedded system which can be programmed only once (during manufacture), and then can no longer be accessed (it can only push data to the server).The idea I have in mind is to:During production (mass production), program each device with aunique public key.Have the server associate the corresponding private key with thedevice's serial number in the server's database.On receipt of data, use the serial number to look up the device'sprivate key, and decrypt the message.I'm guessing this is possible, but is it feasible? Particularly the idea of generating and storing a unique key/pair when the devices are programmed (far too many devices to do this manually), and associating it with the device's serial number in the database?Or is this a bad idea, and is there a better way of allowing a number of IoT devices to communicate securely with a server?N.B. I have simplified the above, but the device should actually encrypt the data, transmit it to a phone via bluetooth, and then the phone POSTs it to the server over HTTPS. The phone does not decrypt the data. This means that the device cannot just push the data to the server over HTTPS.
How do you suppress SSL error messages? I noticed that some SSL error messages that are returned back to my browser (firefox) reveals all SSL keys, including the private server keys for sites like Facebook, Google Hangouts, Amazon. How does someone prevent client browsers from revealing these certificates?Is this a bug that someone hasn't addressed?Is this something Apache server related?
what are steps to do in order to secure my appli web I'm asked to secure an appli web and I don't know really which steps I can follow to secure my appli web.
BitLocker To Go password strength When using BitLocker To Go, given that removable drives are inherently offline and may have to resist such attacks, what are the best practices / recommendations for password strength?
How is the DEK in a SED drive encrypted? I am using a Samsung Evo 960 NVME SSD. I have encrypted the SSD using its built in hardware encryption features, which follow the tcg opal standard. If I understood correctly, the disk encrypts all data using AES-256. The key for this encryption is called the DEK (disk-encryption-key). The DEK is then encrypted again, using a password provided by me.An attacker with access to the disk could theoretically extract the (encrypted) DEK from the drive. I would like to estimate how long it would take to crack the encryption of the DEK (so basically to find out my password). Therefore, I would like to know how the DEK is encrypted using my password, so I can estimate how many passwords one could try per second on commodity hardware.Edit from comment:The question is: How is this key (the DEK) encrypted/generated? Is it a 256-bit hash of the password? If so, which hash method is used? 
Is assuming a binomial distribution appropriate when the number of possible successes is fixed? I have some data about people applying for a service - they are either successful or not successful in their application. I'm using logistic regression to investigate whether there is a relationship between being successful and some demographic variables (e.g. gender, ethnicity). There is a maximum to the number of people that can have access this service. So each application isn't independent - whether or not a particular person is successful can depend on who else applied. Is my use of logistic regression appropriate, given applications aren't independent? 
cross validation for model evaluation I want to use cross validation to validate the results of my model,However, I'm confused how to use it.Should I split my data to 3 sets (Train, Validation,test) and validate the results on test set?or make the validation on the whole data set?or use validation as a training phase and test on the test set?It is good to mention that my dataset is almost 500 records.Thanks 
Entropy of random variables taking real numbers I need to calculate the entropy of 100 instances of 5 sensor signals in python. The sensor values take real numbers. After doing some literature search, I suppose I need to compute joint differential entropy. For this, I should estimate a multivariate probability density function defining my sensor values. Since I do not have a sound knowledge on information theory, I cannot validate my thoughts. Please guide me how to achieve this.P.S. I am looking for theoretical suggestions and not related to coding.
Support Vector Machine and Regularization I know that Support Vector Machines are very well suited for high-dimensional data, and I have read that one reason is that they have an \"inbuilt feature selection\". I assume this is due to the fact that Support Vectors are used to build the decision boundary, and other weights could be regularized, i.e. set close to zero. Is this correct, and if so does anyone have this formally or helpful sources?
What is the correct way to add and analyse covariates in a 2x3 Mixed ANOVA in SPSS I am trying to analyze whether different intervention groups scored differently in questionnaire measures before and after an intervention.The first independent variable is time at 2 levels (pre-intervention and post-intervention). The second independent variable is Intervention group at 3 levels.I also want to include age and gender as covariates in order to control for them. Gender and age have both been included as a numeric variable type within SPSS as when i tried to code gender as a string variable type (e.g. M=1, F=2) it would not let me analyse the data.I try to use a general linear model --> Repeated measures and then classify my within subjects factor as the scores on the two questionnaires at 2 levels. The intervention is put in as the Between-subjects factor and the gender and age are included as covariates.The problems I am having:Have I encoded gender into SPSS correctly for this kind of analysis?Am I doing the correct kind of analysis for what I am trying to achieve?Without including the covariates, there is a significant difference between pre-intervention and post-intervention (no significant interaction with the groups) however when including the covariates, intervention * gender is now only significant but the intervention is no longer significant. What does this mean?Any help would be appreciated.
Simultaneous equations and instrument selection The demand curve $$P_i= b_1 +b_2 q_i +b_3p_{sub,i}+b_4p_{com,i}+b_5w_i+u_{i1}$$The supply curve$$P_i= a_1 +a_2 q_i +a_3p_{sub,i}+a_4p_{com,i}+a_5w_i+u_{i1}$$Which instruments would you use to instrument $q_i$ in each of the two equations? And which restriction should I apply in order to estimate first one as demand and second one as supply curve?$p_{sub,i}$ is the price of the substitute of the good i$p_{com,i}$ is the price of the complement of the good i$w_i$ the wage$p$ the price of the good i$q$ is the quantity of good i. My idea is that (maybe it is wrong. I am not sure)In the demand equation, wage is the instrument to q. In the supply curve, $p_{com}$ is the instrument to q. What do you think?
Different p-values from weight and unweighted regressions? I'm trying to determine whether an unweighted or weighted regression would be more suitable for my data. I have variables X and Y, both are measured variables but X has very small errors while Y has quite large errors. This is because Y is calculated from an average of 5 measurements - so the error bars are including repeatability of these values from our analytical instrument.I initially thought weighted regression would work because it would treat data points with smaller errors as more important, giving more weight to Y values with smaller standard deviations (so that data points that were more reproducible by the instrument are more reliable). However I've been warned against using weighted linear regressions because they are ideal for data that has large errors on both X and Y variables, is this statement true?I'm also worried about choosing the regression method because I get very different p values from the two regressions. With the weighted regression my p value is &lt;0.001, but with the unweighted regression my p value is ~0.5, which completely changes my interpretation. I'm trying to understand what's causing this much difference in p values with the different regression methods and what regression would be best for my data.Any insight would be appreciated!
Logistic regression with multiple outcome variables (all categorical) I am completely in over my head with logistic regression at the moment, so what follows is probably very basic and silly questions. But I would appreciate it hugely if anyone took the time to respond nevertheless!I will be conducting a cross-sectional analysis involving data from a large cohort study. My goal is to look at the impact of one categorical (binary) predictor variable on five different categorical outcome variables, all of which can be considered different proxy measures for the same concept (hence why I am looking at all five, as no direct measure was collected in this data set - in essence, I am trying to corroborate my results by looking at the impact of the predictor variable on five different outcome variables supposedly measuring of the same/related concept(s)).As mentioned above, all of these variables are categorical. My outcome variables have different numbers of categories, ranging from 2 to 4. The 3- and 4- category variables are ordinal. All of these variables (both outcome and predictor) are basically items on self-report questionnaires.Does this sound way over-complicated and mad? If this sounds like a terrible plan, I could potentially get rid of some of the outcome variables and just use fewer ones instead, although ideally I would use all five. I am currently completely lost with regards to how to analyse this. The only way I can think of would be to run separate logistic regressions for all of these outcome variables. Any advice on how to analyse data like this would be hugely appreciated!
K fold cross validation; How many epochs to train for? I am doing k-fold cross validation across my training set with the goal of finding the best structure for a neural network.Within each fold, should I A) train the network for a constant number of epochs? ORB) train each fold until the error on the current fold starts increasing?If I do B) then each parameter set will be trained for different number of epochs. This gives me an additional hyper parameter (number of epochs) which I could use but I am planning on using an additional holdout set to test the performance. Should I then just ignore the number of epochs that the cross validation found and train on the entire training set until the error on the holdout set increases ?? 
Structuring data appropriately for training and testing I have labelled data for a set of experiments, where 100 experiments were conducted and each experiment is associated with 1000 distinct data points that I have labelled. I am using classification methods but am a little uncertain on how to best partition my entire dataset. For example, I've observed that a Random Forest classifier's accuracy will be different if it's trained only on experiments 1-80 and tested on 81-100 versus mixing all the data from all shots and randomly choosing 80% for my training set and the remaining 20% for my test set.In the above scenario, is there a general consensus on which approach to take? My worry is that choosing the latter option will result in the classifier overfitting the data as there is a lot of similarity between data points in a single shot and typically larger disparity for data points in separate shots. Thus it may perform poorly on future shots. Of course this is where a validation set becomes essential, which I am doing, but I am simply wondering if there is any general guidelines on optimally structuring the training/test set. 
Finding the input variable to which output is most sensitive I have a physical system which takes a number of inputs $x_i$ and produces an output $error$.$$ Y = f(x_1, x_2, x_3, .. x_{1000})$$The function $f()$ can be evaluated by running a compute-intensive simulation of a model.I want to find the $x_i$ to which $Y$ is most sensitive. In practice, I want to optimize the values for the few input variable which would give maximum return (in terms improving the system performance).I can think of randomly changing each of the $x_i$ by a small amount around the existing value and record the output. Repeat the experiment by few hundred times and compute the correlation between $x_i$ to $Y$ and pick the inputs with high correlation.I am wondering if there is a more formal method to achieve this.One important constraint in my particular problem is that each model evaluation requires a computationally intensive simulation of about 10 minutes and $x_i$ is of size $1000$ to $2000$.
What is the expected maximum value of a gamma distribution, as a function of number of samples? I have the following situation. I have observations that fill out a gamma distribution. (At least they seem to: the distribution of values of several thousand observations looks to the eye like a gamma distribution. For the purposes of this question, let's assume they do.) I want to know what the largest value I can expect is, as a function of the number of observations I make, i.e. the expectation value of the extreme value. I know that the more observations I make, the larger the largest value is likely to be, but I don't know how much larger. E.g. if I make 10 observations, the largest value I see might be 1; if I make 100 observations, it might be 1.5, etc. But what if I were to imagine making a very large number (e.g. 1e10) observations? I am reasonably sure this question is related to extreme-value theory, but I have not been able to answer it through reading/searching.I did find a nice paper that showed that the expectation value of the max of a gaussian distribution is given by norm.ppf(0.5264**(1/n)), where n is the number of samples. I am looking for a similar expression for when the distribution is gamma, instead of gaussian. Thanks in advance for the help!
Double-clustered standard errors and large panel I have a large panel data set featuring the purchases of 5000+ individuals over 2000+ time periods (days). I am looking to estimate pooled OLS regressions featuring double-clustered standard errors (where standard errors are clustered by both individual and time) but the dimensions of this problem are causing issues. If i cluster standard errors by one dimension only (either individuals or time) I can quickly obtain parameter estimates (I am using both Stata and R). However, if I try to double-cluster my standard errors along both dimensions then the code takes hours to run and does not produce output.Are there any ways to estimate these regressions given the large number of clusters? Some ad-hoc thoughts I have had are to split the panel into weekly or monthly sub-panels in order to reduce the dimensions of the problem but I am sure this is not sound. Suggestions appreciated!
Omitting a variable in IV estimation I have an instrumental variable (IV) estimation where I use Z as an instrument for treatment D, to estimate a treatment effect of D on Y. After certain discussion, I find that there might be another variable, X, which is correlated both with Y and with Z. I then decide to include X into my IV model, to control for what seems to be a violation of exclusion assumption (i.e. Z doesn't affect Y solely through X). After re-doing the first stage of 2SLS, I find that Z coefficient is not statistically significant, as standard errors are high. I deduced that this might be due to high collinearity of X with Z, which is is 0.75. Still, however, X is significant in the first stage regression. However, consequently using Z to instrument D, and including X as a control variable yields absolutely no statistical significance. I therefore concluded that Z is a weak instrument if we do not control for X, and after we control for X, Z is still weak because there is no statistical significance in first stage. I am relatively new to IV estimation, and I wanted to get an opinion on whether my logic is flawed and what the next steps could entail: Is omitting X equivalent an example of OVB and does its inclusion remove it?What is the significance of high collinearity between instrument Z and control variable X?Does the insignificant first stage (with inclusion of X) mean that we cannot use Z as instrument?
Can Mann-Kendall Trend Test be used for a Data set with monthly sales count? Could I use the Mann-Kendall Trend test for a data set of monthly sales (counts)?
Area Under The Receiver Operating - incompatible explanations There is one thing which confuses me about two very common explanations regarding the interpretation of the Area Under The Receiver Operating Characteristic (referred to shortly as AUC). Concretely, these are1) The benchmark of 0.5 for a coin toss, i.e. that if a simple coin toss is determined as a \"test\that in this case the AUC-value would be 0.5.2) That the AUC-value corresponds to the probability of correctly classifying two randomly individuals, one from each group (e.g. a person who has the disease a person who does not have the disease). For the matter of this post, the alternative explanation that, using normalized units, the AUC area under the curve is equal to the probability that a classifier will rank a randomly chosen positive instance higher than a randomly chosen negative one (assuming 'positive' ranks higher than 'negative').What confuses me is the following thought: Suppose I use the coin-toss \"test\" and apply it two the two individuals from property 2.). This test has a probability of 0.5 for a false negative and 0.5 for a false positive. The probability that I classify a positive and a negative outcome correctly is thus 0.25 (Prob[no false negative for the positive indivudual] * Pr[no false positive for the negative individual]). In all other cases, the two scores/tests will be either equal or have results opposite to what is actually true (interpreting the test inversely as often suggested when the area is &lt;0.5 does not help either for the coin flip case). This seems to be at odds with statement 1).Of course, I could just pick one of the two individuals, test it, and assign it the outcome the test shows - which is correct in 50% of all cases - and assign the other individuals the opposite outcome. This would achieve an accuracy of 0.5 as described in 1) but it would not really be what is described in 2) since I am only testing one person (i.e., one person in the sample would not have a test-score). The two paragraphs of reasoning seem to contradict each other. Is any of them wrong, if yes where or is this really a paradox?*Note that I see that the coin toss would be under the diagonal and would get, together with other tests where the false-positive rate equals the true-positive rate, get an area of 0.5 under curve. It is just about the interpretation aides listed above and how to reconcile them. 
Using quantiles to estimate the parameters of a distribution: adjusting for unobserved extreme values I with to estimate the parameters of a specified semi-infinite distributional family based on a sample drawn from that distribution. It is plausible that my sample median converges to the population median. More generally I would like to choose parameters such that the observed values of the quantiles from the sample lie near the calculated values of the same quantiles given the distribution parameters, for some metric of distance, appropriately weighted.However, it is clear that the highest observed value does not represent the 100 percent quantile, and the lowest observation does not represent the zero quantile. As a result, the true values even of the sample quantiles are unknown (although the sample order statistics are of course known). Here the out-of-sample values I am referring to represent only sample variability, not censorship or truncation.Recognizing this, how does one calculate the sample quantiles to match with the calculated quantiles? Does one discard a fraction of the observations at each end of the distribution? Does one push all the values away from the median by some adjustment factor? Or is there some other procedure that is widely used to adjust for this problem?
What insights can be derived from the SD of these data? I'm a non-Math major. I need help interpreting my students' scores.The following are the post-test scores of two groups. Group A:26323130362928293630362936383431; Group B: 332937273428363932403836504032I computed the mean and standard deviations of the scores and got the following. For Group A: Mean = 31.94; SD = 3.59; for Group B: Mean = 35.44; SD = 5.63. The mean and SD of the two groups' pre-test scores were: Group A: Mean = 17.06, SD =6.29; Group B: Mean = 18.19, SD = 6.39.I noticed that the mean scores of both groups increased in the post-test while their SD decreased. However, although Group B has a higher mean post-test score, the SD score of Group B is higher than Group A's. What insights can be derived from this? How should I discuss when I present the data?
How to decide the number of options to give to people in a poll? (for opinion based, subjective contexts) Just to be clear, this question is open ended on purpose, I am fine with(or even prefer to) being pointed to a few research papers, and proper areas related to this subject. I am not sure what I am asking is called, so I am very limited in my search.Consider a general poll on a product to compare subjective choices:\"How important is the product design?\"\"How important is ease of use?\"\"How important is reliability?\"And a poll like this often has choice circles below them. For example, 5 circles are placed and picking 1 is \"Not important at all\" and 5 is \"Very important\"An example in real life is vacation polls. Every hotel I stayed at had me fill such as poll at the end of my stay. Most of the questions being highly subjective, since their job is highly subjective as well. \"good customer service\" wasn't defined, just your satisfaction.For such polls that are polling subjective matters/opinions, how is the number 5(most common I have seen) decided?If it was only 3 choices, I imagine there would be a considerable amount of information lost. Is that the case? If so, to what extent?On the other hand, I don't imagine having 100 choices would help them, since nobody can reliably say \"I would rate the customer service in this hotel at 96% whereas the previous place I stayed at would be rated at 97%\"
Understanding Employee Turnover w/Logistic Regression I want to understand which factors lead to turnover at my organization using logistic regression. I'm relatively new to this process and have some questions as I prepare the data. I have 4 years of termination and employee data.My independent variables: Age, Title,Department,Tenure @ Company, Start Date, Were they an intern, salary, annual performance rating, # of employee events attended, distance from officeDependent variable: Did they terminate Y/N (1/0)Questions:How do I deal with independent variables that changed in the 4 year window? For some employees, I will have 4 \"records\" - one for each year. For example: salary, performance rating. Do I just simply take the most recent record, or do I keep all 4?  How do I deal with people who terminated for reasons like retirement or deceased? Remove them from the model? Keep them in and set them to not terminated?There are many, many titles in the organization. I'm assuming I should collapse these into smaller groups and isolate each as a dummy variable (i.e. 0 if not director/1 if director; 0 if not manager/1 if director). 
Using Support Vector Machine on Large Data I'm building a model based on a database with around 90000 observations and 100+ variables. My target variable is binary (0 or 1). I'm using SAS Miner and I want to test a few high performance techniques. I already tested Random Forest and got very successful results.Now, I'm giving a try at using Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Radial Basis Function (RBF). However, I'm experiencing a lot of issues running those procedures those due to insufficient memory. I researched a bit about both procedures but I still have no clue if It's possible to run SVM and RBF with such large data.If that's not possible, when should I use SVM and RBF?Thanks in advance!Edit 1: I was able to run SVM with 22000 observations database and a small amount of variables (five). Still, no success in performing with the bigger data and RBF.
How to know which interaction terms to include in a regression model? I'm trying to fit a model with one response variable and 11 predictors. Of these 11 predictors: 5 are continuous, 4 are dichotomous and 3 are categorical (containing between 3-7 different categories, which I've coded with dummy variables). I'm having a difficult time trying to figure out which interaction terms to include in the maximum model. Any hints would be greatly appreciated!
Pearson correlation - sample independence assumption I have a couple of specific questions regarding the underlying assumptions of the pearson's correlation. I have googled this question but I have not managed to find a consistent answer. In particular whether there is an assumption of sample by sample independence. I will give an example to clarify as I may not be using the correct nomenclature. Assume, I have taken 50 measurements of height and weight from 40 people. These measurements are:-Measurement of weight and height of 10 people.-Measurement of weight and height of the same 10 people but repeated at a different point in time. -Measurement of weight and height of a different group of 30 people. If I conduct a pearson's correlation for height and weight, using all 50 measurements, is there an underlying assumption of sample independence that is being violated? If there is no underlying assumption of independence being violated, how can generalisation of the result be interpreted?Any responses are appreciated.     
One network that classifies three classes or two networks that do binary classifications? I've been training a fully convolutional network for semantic segmentation, more particularly a U-net, to classify three things in an image: object_type1, object_type2, and background. However, I've found better results by having two networks that do binary classification. The first network classifying just the background and object_type1 and the other network classifying the background and object_type2. Then, I can combine the results using old school techniques. My question then becomes, is this a common practice - to have two networks do the work instead of just one? Does binary classification commonly provide better results than ternary classification? If the answer to the first question is no, then is it considered bad practice to this? 
Sample size calculation: interpreting the results for comparing AUCs I have N number of patients each who could have 1 of 5 diseases (A, B, C, D, E). There is clinical information that may improve the accuracy of doctor diagnoses of these N patients. All diagnoses will be confirmed. I want to test whether that information improves diagnostic accuracy.To do this, I am going to calculate the AUC for each diagnosis for a doctor before he has this clinical information and after. I will calculate the percent agreements for each set of diagnoses. I want to be able to show that the AUC for each disease increases 15%. Based on previous studies, lets say I know the doctors' concordance statistic, or $c$-statistic, before given the clinical information is 70 units and the SD is 2 units. I want a power of 0.9 at a significance level of 0.05. I need to calculate the minimum sample size needed for this. In STATA, I have found that my N must be 46, randomized 1:1 to receive diagnoses without the new information and with the new information. My problem is exactly how to interpret this. This is really for the binary diagnosis of A versus not A. Therefore, for 5 different possibilities I will need 115 (5 x 23) of each diagnosis in each group. 
Bidirectional effects? When testing relationships between variables, we are often trying to establish a finding that Variable A causes (or is connected with) an increase in Variable B, or that Variable A causes a decrease in Variable B, or that Variable A doesn't cause neither an increase nor a decrease in Variable B.However, I have a vague idea that effects of one variable on another variable can often be bidirectional. More specifically, I think that sometimes Variable A simultaneously causes both an increase and a decrease in Variable B. For example, how is the openness of the window related to the number of flies in the house? Suppose there are no flies in your house. If your window is open, some flies will fly into your home. After some time, they will fly out, but other flies will fly in. Perhaps the number of the flies will be constant over time because the fly in/fly out rate is stable. However, if we kept our window closed, the number of flies would be zero. This may lead us to believe that the openness of the window causes an increase in the number of flies. However, if the openness of the window is related just to the increase in the number of flies, then no flies would ever fly out of the house, but we know this is not true. My point is that the openness of the window causes an increase in the number of flies that fly in the house, but it also causes an increase in the number of flies that fly out of the house. Or, more simply, openness of the window is related both to the increase and the decrease in the number of flies in the house.I suspect a similar mechanism may be behind some confusing findings in the literature. For example, some studies link cannabis usage to increased cancer risk, while other studies link it to decreased cancer risk. What if cannabis simultaneously increases and decreases cancer risk? What I suspect most researchers would do is look for a moderator variable, so that they can say \"Cannabis increases cancer risk in those participants, but it decreases cancer risk in these participants\". However, I believe that this \"bidirectionality\" can arise in a standalone manner, with no moderator variables, like in the window/fly example.What are your thoughts on this topic? Is there any previous literature or statistical techniques related to such bidirectional relationship? I've been trying to find some materials, but I wasn't successful. Any resources, as well as discussion, would be greatly appreciated.
A line with a random length, attaching to the origin. What is the chance of a given point along 1D axis belonging to that line? The question is based on an engineering problem and, due to my lack of knowledge in statistics, I found it difficult to express the question clearly in maths language. The problem is formulated like this:1) Imagine there is an origin, and a 1D coordinate system (say, L);2) Along this 1D axis (L), there is a 'rigid' rod attaching to the origin, and its length is a random variable (always positive) and follows a PDF p1.Question 1: for each given point on the axis L, what is the chance of that point belonging to the thread. My solution to Q1: for a given coordinate x, for it to 'fall' into the thread, the thread length (a) has to be equal or greater than x. Therefore, the chance of a point x belonging to that rod is equal to the integration of that PDF, from x to infinity.Can anyone please confirm if my solution above is correct?If so, the question 2 is as follows: if the near end of the rod no longer attaches to the origin, but the location of it is also a random variable, which follows, say, another, PDF p2. Then, for each given point on the axis L, what is the chance of that point belonging to the rod?I am so confused by this question 2, as I have no idea what I should do with the potential interplay between these two random events (i.e. the length of rod and the location of near end of the rod). I wonder if anyone here can help me with this, or at least let me know what kind of 'theory' I should look into for solving this problem?
Analysing discrete data from a factorial experimental design The dependent variable in my data can take on the values 0-7 and is, therefore, a discrete variable. I have data from a number of experiments with one, two, and three-way factorial designs. The previous literature on my topic has just used ANOVA of analyse this type of data. This seems clearly wrong to me and my data rarely meet the assumptions of ANOVA which suggests all the published research on this topic has used the wrong statistical models. My issue is that I don't know what the best approach to analysing this data is. What is the most appropriate model for analysing discrete data using a factorial design? I'm using R to analyse the data.
How to deal with different likelihood of censoring across groups in survival analysis? I am analysing survival data for nematode worms fed on four different bacterial diets (four groups). Each group has at least 70 events (deaths), but there is often a very uneven proportion of censoring between groups - for example, one group has 30% censored data points, whereas another has only 5%. The standard statistical procedure is the use of the log rank test on Kaplan-Meier survival curves (followed by pairwise multiple comparison in my case). However, am I correct in thinking that differences in the likelihood of censoring between groups violates one of the assumptions of the log rank test? If so, I would appreciate some advice as to how should I proceed with statistical analysis.
k-fold cross validation after training the neural network on full database? I have trained my neural networks on full dataset and found out that the best architecture contains 27 hidden neurons. Is it appropriate for me to perform k-fold validation solely for the network with 27 hidden neurons? Or i must apply k-fold validation during my training process?
Presence of heteroskedasticity gls, wls, robust OLS I already detect heteroskedasticity in the data, which means that OLS is no longer an option.Another question, I know that robust OLS can give a good confidence interval. How about GLS and WLS's advantages in the presence of heteroskedasticity?
An intuitive understanding of each fold of a nested cross validation for parameter/model tuning There are several questions on this site essentially asking how nested cross validation for parameter tuning works. A lot of the answers use some jargon that I find difficult to understand, but as far as I can tell, the intuitive understanding of nested cross validation I have developed is as follows:In standard cross validation, if you have 8 \"runs\you will train a classifier on 7 runs and test on the remaining one. You do this 8 times, such that each run is the \"testing set\" once (therefore, 8-fold cross validation)In nested cross validation, the training set is itself subjected to a cross validation with a 6-run training set and a 1-run validation set (and therefore has its own 7 \"inner folds\"). You can test many different parameter combinations, kernel functions, feature selection methods, etc by training the 6-run training sets with them and testing on the 1-run validation set. You repeat so that every set takes a turn as the validation set as in normal cross validation. After all combinations of models are tested via this \"inner\" cross validation, you can select the best-performing model across all inner folds and now train the entire 7-run training set with the selected model and test with the original testing set that has not been touched by the inner loop.One fold of the \"outer loop\" (and seven folds of the \"inner loop\" inside the outer loop) has just been described. Now you do it all again, with each fold taking turns as the \"testing\" set waiting in the outer loop.The above is what I understand nested cross validation to be. I have one general question and one specific question.In a broad sense, have I misunderstood anything obvious?What I just described could potentially yield different models for each \"outer fold\" of the data (aka different parameter selections, feature selections, etc). Is that valid/correct? It doesn't /feel/ valid to me. If not valid, then am I supposed to instead do all the inner loops first without doing a single outer loop, find the overall best model, and then run all 8 outer folds with the same model? 
Is this feature extraction? I have a data set consisting of a large number of univariate time series.  I have empirical reasons to expect that each time series can be well described by a function with a small number of parameters, but the parameters can vary across time series.I have no theoretical reason to prefer any particular parameterization of the function.  I'm concerned that choosing a parameterization myself could result in bias in the subsequent analysis.  I'm wondering if it is possible to extract or visualize an appropriate \"shape\" or \"type\" of function directly from the data.  One of the features I expect to differ across time series is essentially a delay, so that the time series all have similar shapes but different temporal offsets and amplitudes.This seems like a feature extraction problem in dimensionality reduction - am I on the right track?  I'm not sure how something like kernel PCA would deal with the delay aspect.  Can anyone recommend good references?
Is this feature extraction? I have a data set consisting of a large number of univariate time series.  I have empirical reasons to expect that each time series can be well described by a function with a small number of parameters, but the parameters can vary across time series.I have no theoretical reason to prefer any particular parameterization of the function.  I'm concerned that choosing a parameterization myself could result in bias in the subsequent analysis.  I'm wondering if it is possible to extract or visualize an appropriate \"shape\" or \"type\" of function directly from the data.  One of the features I expect to differ across time series is essentially a delay, so that the time series all have similar shapes but different temporal offsets and amplitudes.This seems like a feature extraction problem in dimensionality reduction - am I on the right track?  I'm not sure how something like kernel PCA would deal with the delay aspect.  Can anyone recommend good references?
What do to after hierarchical clustering and finding number of clusters I have a dataset with 10 categorical variables with over 5000 observations, I have clustered and then found the optimal number of clusters using elbow method.Now I'm not sure what to do because I'm left with 4 clusters which are still hard to interpret.The aim of the analysis is to see if there are trends in the data.
ABC with non-uniform prior I had asked some similar questions in the past, but I never got either the answers or the discussion I was hopping for. So I will rephrase the problem to see if I can understand it myself.I'm trying to fit a complex model to some data that take a large amount of time to run. I'm also unable to write down a Likelihood function to this problem and so I turned to approximate Bayesian computation (ABC).Now, given the slowness of my simulations, I used Sequential ABC (a strategy where the prior are updated at each iteration), as implemented in R EasyABC.I had realised that the result posterior distribution is highly variable (Sequential ABC get stuck in \"local minimum\"). This lead me to tun ABC_sequential more than once, and from different prior. In the end I gather all simulation that were done and now I want to analysed this.I also need to state two other facts:I have very little knowledge to build the priors. In fact, contrary to the concept of Bayesian statistic (new knowledge updating old knowledge) I would like to remove all the influence of the priors from my estimates. The resulting distributions had several peaks (given from the different runs of ABC_sequential).I designed also my custom distance function and computed a simple rejection algorithm of the best 5% simulations. However, as is probably obvious by now, this \"posterior distribution\" is highly influenced by the non-uniform original distributions. How can I remove this influence?A common suggestion is importance sampling. As far as I understand, this implies computing the ratio between the density in my posterior and my prior and use this as a weight for my simulations. I did this with R package densratio and the results are unsatisfactory... Do you have any suggestions, corrections, etc? 
An example of a bivariate pdf, where marginals are triangular distributions What could be a form of $$f_{X,Y}(x,y)$$where $f_X(x)$ and $f_Y(x)$ both have the form of a triangular distribution with support $(0,1)$, but with different parameters that governs location of mode?Some discussion on it could be found in Eagleson, G.K., Lancaster, H.O.: The regression system of sums with random elements in common. Australian Journal of Statistics 9, 119\u2013125 (1967)andBalakrishnan, N, Lai, Chin-Diew: Continuous Bivariate Distributions (2009)
Structural change analysis: serial F-statistics test on raw or differenced data? I am working with a short time series consisting of 21 annual data points. I wish to analyze the time series for structural changes, and I have been exploring the strucchange package in R (Zeileis et al. 2002).If I am going to perform formal statistical tests of breakpoints, is it appropriate to use the serial F-statistic test (strucchange::Fstats), which tests for the existence of a single breakpoint against the null hypothesis of no breakpoints, on my highly non-stationary raw time series data, or must I first difference my data to stabilize the mean? To rephrase in R syntax, is the serial F-stat test valid on the model lm(y ~ x), or must I instead difference y and run the test on lm(diff(y) ~ 1)? I get much higher F-stats (hence lower p-values) for the former test than for the latter, but I want to make sure I am using it correctly. Given the shortness of my time series, I am reluctant to sacrifice the first data point for differencing.
Is there an error that considers both the absolute error and the standard deviation in a prediction? Say I'm building some kind of regression and I want to measure how good it is.Of course I want to measure the absolute error between the prediction and the real outcome, and if that was all I cared about, I could use Mean Squared Error (MSE), but my regression also gives me information about the standard deviation expected from its predictions at each point and I would like to incorporate this standard deviation into the \"goodness\" of my regression.Specifically, what I want is to penalize the errors more when the model estimates a small standard deviation about its predictions, but also penalize large standard deviations per se.Is the likelihood all I need? I know that maximizing the log likelihood, for example, already takes into account the standard deviation, but I'm not sure that it takes into account the absolute error, or at least not explicitly.
Can we use Correlation coeffiecients in non linear case So I am having a data of several variables (one is a dependent variable and the others are independent variables).  I am not sure if the relation between each of these  independent variables and the dependent variable, whether this relation is linear or not.Is it possible (more precisely is it significant) to use Partial Correlation Coefficients (PCC) to check the correlation between each of the independent vairables and the dependent variable?  For me I am not sure that we can use PCC in non linear cases? 
In mixed effects linear model(MEM), does random effects take variance from fixed effects? I have a question regarding mixed linear effects model.<br> For example, now I have 100 patients, and each patient has generated 10 to 30 eggs. So the dataset has 2500 rows (one egg per row). The response variable 'mature' is a binary one, 1 means this egg matures and 0 means not mature. We are interested in a variable called 'genotype' which is a trait per patient. So all the rows of same patient will have same genotype, but different patient could have same genotypes. There are 9 different genotypes. We also have some covariates, age and BMI. <br>So I want to see if genotypes associate with maturation of eggs. I know several options:Logistic regression: This one works but it assumes all eggs are independent, but we know eggs from same patient relate to each other.Generalized Mixed effects model: Similar to 1 but add a random effects of patient. I am confused about this one because I worried that the random effects(patient) would take away variation which could be explained by genotype, because genotype is the same to certain patient. I am not sure about this. <br>So this is my question: can I use Generalized Mixed effects model in this case to check relationship between genotype and egg maturation? If I can, which means the random effects is not designed to take away variance which should go to any fixed effects, how should I test the coefficient on genotype in this case, anova? If not, what is the best solution to this question? Aggregate the data to one patient one row and do Generalized linear model with beta distributed response (maturation rate), and put number of eggs per patient as weight?Thank you for any input.
Structural Equation Modeling with ordinal dependent variable and categorical independent variable I'd like to do a structural equation modeling for an ordinal dependent variable.  Moreover, I have ordinal and categorical independent variables in the model.  The ordinal dependent variable is the frequency of visiting parks.  The ordinal independent variables are demographic variables, including age, education level. The categorical independent variables are some demographic variables.  Such as gender(female, male), marriage(single, married, widowed), occupation(student, employee, retire, and unemployed).I've learned that Mplus could deal with categorical dependent variables?  But how about the categorical independent variables?What software and method could address such issue?  Thanks!
What is a good value for Sensitivity and specificity of a predictive model? Hope all is well.I developed predictive models and I wonder if anyone has some gold standard for sensitivity and specificity from the literature so that I can refer my results to the ones in the literature to validate my study?I really appreciate it.Many ThanksBen
Test if performance difference of two image segmentation algorithms is statistically significant I have been working with a dataset of 240 medical images of brain tumours.The dataset is not particularly large but it is heavy, meaning each image is large (in memory) and takes a long time to process.I want to compare the performance of two segmentation algorithms. These algorithms take a long time to train (2 days already in a GPU) making it painful to perform large experiments such as 10-fold cross-validation.I was wondering what is the best way to produce some measure of statistical significance for the difference in performance whilst conducting the fewest runs possible.What I am thinking:T-tests always recommend using at least 30 trials (n=30).Since my performance metric per case is the percentage of volume overlap (not misclassified or not like in pure classification) can I consider that each individual case in the holdout set is a trial? This would greatly simplify things since it would only require having a holdout set of around 30 cases. Is this valid or statistical nonsense?
how to begin my analysis? panel data, lots of missingness, and around 100 variables I have an extremely unbalanced panel dataset over ten time periods\uff0c with a large percentage of missingness, and a high number of mixed types variables and the dependent variable is binary. I want to ask:1. how to select independent variables across the time period? 2. how to deal with missingness? some of the variables with over 90% missingness3. which goes first? Variables selection or imputation?finally, the software I can use is STATA SAS and R, but R is just beginner level.Thanks 
Neural networks vs everything else I haven't found a satisfactory answer to this from google.Of course if the data I have is of the order of millions then deep learning is the way.And I have read that when I do not have big data then maybe it is better to use other methods in machine learning. The reason given is over-fitting. Machine learning: i.e. looking at data, feature extractions, crafting new features from what is collected etc. things such as removing heavily correlated variables etc. the whole machine learning 9 yards.And I have been wondering: why is it that the neural networks with one hidden layer are not panacea to machine learning problems? They are universal estimators, over-fitting can be managed with dropout, l2 regularization, l1 regularization, batch-normalization. Training speed is not generally an issue if we have just 50,000 training examples. They are better at test time than, let us say, random forests.So why not - clean the data, impute missing values as you would generally do, center the data, standardize the data, throw it to an ensemble of neural networks with one hidden layer and apply regularization till you see no over-fitting and then train them to the end. No issues with gradient explosion or gradient vanishing since it is just a 2 layered network. If deep layers were needed, that means hierarchical features are to be learned and then other machine learning algorithms are no good as well. For example SVM is a neural network with hinge loss only. An example where some other machine learning algorithm would outperform a carefully regularized 2 layered (maybe 3?) neural network would be appreciated. You can give me the link to the problem and I would train the best neural network that I can and we can see if 2 layered or 3 layered neural networks falls short of any other benchmark machine learning algorithm.
How to change a weight/bias with gradient After watching 3Blue1Brown's tutorial series, and an array of others, I'm attempting to make my own neural network from scratch.So far, I'm able to calculate the gradient for each of the weights and biases.Now that I have the gradient, how am I supposed to correct my weight/bias?Should I:Add the gradient and the original value?Multiply the gradient and the original value?Something else? (Most likely answer)In addition to this, I've been hearing the term learning rate being tossed around, and how it is used to define the magnitude of the 'step' to descend to minimum cost. I figured this may also play a major role in reducing the cost.
t-test/chi squarred test or mcnemar test? To what extent does the effect of presence of music differ for the concentration ability in playing a memory recall game in males and females?So basically I had 50 students (25 females and 25 males) take the test in silence and the next day with music. I'd like to perform some statistical test to see if the variables are independent, for example if the number of correct answers given by the students depends on whether there is music present or not.And also if there is difference between males and females on this regard. Hence, these two things need to be tested. So I would love to have some suggestions on this, a t-test/chi squared test/ McNemar test are the ones I am thinking about, but I'm really not sure which one will be more appropriate.
Compute an ROC for a hybrid model where only one of the model components computes class probabilities I've created a hybrid model by taking an existing decision engine (TRUE/FALSE output) and supplementing it with a random forest classifier (TRUE/FALSE) model. The output of the hybrid model is produced by computing an OR from the predictions of the two models.When evaluating the performance on historical data, I can produce a ROC for the random forest by computing the class probabilities based on the votes from all of the random trees combined. I cannot do this for the existing decision engine because it does not output probabilities. For the purpose of this analysis, I need to treat it as a black box.How can I compute an ROC for the hybrid model? I would like to do this with R. I'm imagining that for each point on the ROC of the first model, I would need to compute the lift generated by adding the existing decision engine model.
What does Bayesian Comparison of Groups and Posterior Interval say about my Hypothesis? I am comparing the score of two groups: A and B. The score is normally distributed and a two sample t-test yields a p-value >0.05. Therefore I have to reject the Hypothesis that there is significant difference between the mean score of both groups.However, I also conducted a comparison of groups and posterior confidence intervals according to the Bayesian approach and I need clarification on how to properly interpret the results:The \"mean of the reference group\" (A) is 208 and the \"difference to the reference group\" is 13 (Sigma 29). The 90% posterior confidence interval ranges from -5 to 30, the 75% posterior interval ranges from 0.4 to 26.-Can I say that participants of group B perform 12 points better on average than participants of group A? -Must the hypothesis be rejected as the 90% confidence interval contains zero? Or can it be interpreted as \"In 90% of the cases, participants of the experimental group score somewhere between 5 points less and 29 points higher than the control group\"-Can the 75% confidence interval be interpreted as \"In 75% of the cases participants of Group B score between 0.4 and 24 points higher than participants of Group A\"?
Difference between optimizing single polynomial neuron vs multiple perceptron? Is there any specific reason why we usually prefer to use a neural network with, let's say, 6 hidden neurons rather than one single neuron representing the following function?$$ax^3+bx^2+cx+d$$Is it harder to optimize the latter one?
What is the difference between segmented regression analysis and cate-nelson analysis? I observed a possible inflection point for my dataset and was introduced to segmented regression analysis and cate-nelson analysis. The segmented regression analysis seems to fit better for my dataset. I would like to know what is the theoretical difference between these two types of analysis? How do I decide or justify which analytical tool to use?
What are some applications of unsupervised HMMs? Supervised HMMs can be applied to many problems like POS tagging and OCR (optical character recognition).I've learned that HMMs can be trained unsupervisedly using EM (Baum-Welch algorithm), what are some example applications of this unsupervised approach?
Classification threshold selection for predictions on unseen data In binary classification, what is the optimum probability threshold to predict binary outcomes (0/1) on unseen data without knowing the actual outcome?Let's assume that a random forest model has been trained on a training dataset using n-fold cross validation and the classification probability threshold is set to the value maximizing the F1 score.Thus, we have a training probability threshold and a cross validation probability threshold. Which one is to be used for predicting the class (0/1) of the unseen data when applying the model?
Why do we care about Quasi-norm in Statistics and Machine Learning? I have understood that quasi-norm does not satisfy the inequality triangle.I also know that the norm is a function on vector space that assigns length or size to the vector.However, I do not exactly understand quasi-norm.I do not really understand why we want to study them within statistics and machine learning.I was wondering if anyone knew a nice intuitive motivation for the study of quasi-norm?Many thanks
How to interpret the multiple regression results? For selection of independent variables in multiple regression analysis, first  have calculated correlation coefficient between dependent (y) and independent variables (x1, x2, x3, x4 &amp; x5) and then I performed multiple regression analysis using significantly correlated variables. Result shows: y &amp; x1 = 0.91; y &amp; x2 = 0.90; y &amp; x3 = 0.23; y &amp; x4 = 0.18; y &amp; x5 = 0.23; all the correlation values are significant (pval &lt;0.05).In multiple regression to derive linear model, I started with two predictors, x1 &amp; x2 which are highly correlated and sequentially added the rest of the predictors. For model1 (x1 &amp; x2) the R-square value is 0.88 and coefficient values of x1 and x2 are significant.For model2 (x1, x2 &amp; x3) the R-square value is 0.88 and coefficient values are significant for x1 &amp; x2 while insignificant for x3.Similar R-square value is obtained for model3 (x1, x2, x3 &amp; x4) and the coefficent values are insignificant for x3 &amp; x4.For model4 (x1, x2, x3, x4 &amp; x5) the higher R-square value (0.90) is obtained  and coefficient values of x1 and x5 are significant while other variables (x2, x3 &amp; x4) shows insignificant coefficient value.correlation matrix........x1........x2........x3........x4.......x5x1....1x2....0.89....1x3....0.30....0.15....1x4....0.19....0.12....0.87....1x5....0.49....0.15....0.52....0.38My question is, in model4 why x2 is showing insignificant coefficient value while it is highly correlated with y? And finally which model I should consider for prediction of y?%%%%%%%%%%%   Edits 25.05.2018   %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%I made some changes in analysis. I removed x5 variable and added another variable instead of net radiation. So, this time I used x1 (rainfall), x2 (soil moisture), x3 (temperature) and x4 (vegetation data) and all models, passed the test of significance in the regression at a p value of 0.05.Now result shows: For model1 (x1 &amp; x2) the R-square value is 0.88 and standard error is 18.29, For model2 (x1, x2 &amp; x3) the R-square value is 0.89 and standard error is 17.53, For model3 (x1, x2, x3 &amp; x4) R-square value is 0.89 and standard error is 17.42. You can see R-square and standard error values are almost similar. In this case, can I calculate accuracy (in percentage) in each model?
HMM with emission depending on past states I'm looking for a way to fit a model akin to a Hidden Markov Model, with a Markov chain of hidden states. However, the observation at each time point depends on the past ~10 hidden states, instead of only on the current state. Any idea on how this model could be fit?
Is it right to model a binary response variable on a set of variables, where one of the explanatory variables is assumed dependent on the others? I am modeling the binary variable Y on a set of variables, say the vector X, using logistic regression. Then, I want to model another binary variable, Z, again on vector X plus Y. Is this theoretically right (since Y is assumed dependent on X)? I know one alternative approach is using a bivariate logistic regression, with Y and Z as the response variables, but I basically cannot do that, because it just makes sense to model Z on a subset of the data, not the whole data, while Y needs to use the whole data.
Continuous X Dummy Variable interaction Interpretation I have an experiment where the same subjects perform a task under 3 conditions: saline (control), under drug A, and under drug B. The task has a parameter, \"uncertainty\that ranges from 0 to 1, and makes the task easier or harder.I want a linear model that explains the performance of the subject based on drug treatment, and uncertainty, and potential interactions. So far, I have:Performance ~ a + b1 * drugA + b2 * drugB + b3 * uncertainty + b4 * drugA x uncertainty + b5 * drugB x uncertaintyThe variables drugA and drugB are dummy variables, where:if drugA = 0, drugB = 0, then session was saline (control)if drugA = 1, drugB = 0, then session was under drug Aif drugA = 0, drugB = 1, then session was under drug BOK. So I run the regression using statsmodel's OLS, and only the intercept 'a' and parameter 'b1' come out significant. The intercept not being 0 doesn't really mean much, so finally my question is about the interpretation of 'b1' being significant. IF the interaction terms were not there, the interpretation to me is straightforward: the difference in performance between control and drugA is significant. Since the interaction term b4 was present, the interpretation changes. I think it means that the difference in performance between control and drugA, controlling for uncertainty, is significant. 1) is that interpretation correct ?2) if that is true, why is the interaction not significant. Let's pretend the b4 (drugA x uncertainty) interaction is significant. What is the interpretation there ? Is it the difference in performance between control and drug A is greater when there is uncertainty (uncertainty > 0) than when there isn't (uncertainty = 0) ? What is weird to me is that both b1 and b4 coming out significant seem to me to mean the same thing, and that can't be right. Any clarification is greatly appreciated. 
small sample size with Likert data I have 5 point Likert scale answers to questions and I want to compare the results for 2 practice types.  I have only 17 respondents from one type so I believe my best approach is the Fisher exact test.  The articles I can find that do something like this seem to just look at the responses for agree &amp; strongly agree.  I'm assuming they must be running the test with # A/SA responses and the number of all other responses (neutral, disagree and strongly disagree).  So if there are 2 categories, they have a 2x2 matrix of data they are testing for each question.On the one hand it seems like you'd want to you all of the data you have an not condense it down so much.  On the other hand, by doing that you're making it easier to reach significance because you're distinguishing between all of the Likert values, where you weren't before.  And this test doesn't understand that the data is ordinal, which means you're losing information.  Are these simply limitations of what I can do with this data?  Should I use the 2x2 matrix of data or the 5x2 data (all of the detail)?Thank you!
When should an F-test be one sided vs two sided? If we increase both numerator and denominator degrees of freedom of the F distribution, then the pdf narrows down on the value 1. This suggests that a two-sided test is reasonable: If we have high degrees of freedom, then finding e.g. our test statistic $F=0.034$ is extremely unlikely: not only high, but also low values are unlikely in this case. Yet I have so far not yet a textbook use a two sided test of the F test. Instead, we reject the null hypothesis only when the test statistic is very large.Why don\u2019t textbooks use a two sided test?When is a two sided test reasonable for the F test, and when is a one sided test reasonable?
Confounds alternative- additional variable Let's say that we would like to predict y from x, and we are aware that there are many confounds we wouldn't be able to deal with.Would it be a reasonable idea to find another variable, z, which has less confounds with x, but may be predicted by x, and has less confounds with y, but may predict y.Does this sounds reasonable? If yes- is this a common strategy, in cases of unknown confounds, or confounds which may not be eliminated for some reason?Thanks!
Is a T test the right thing to do? I have performed a survey which contains 2 logical sets of people (A and B). In my data set there were roughly twice as many respondents in set A as there were in set B.The survey asks \"Do you have a qualification in your field\". So my answers are all Yes or No.I want to know if the difference between the answers is statistically significant.Does a 2 sample t-test work here?
Computing Forecast Accuracy I have 24 months of data of which the last 12 months I'm using to test the forecast for a rolling forecast with a 12 month window.  Let's say I want to test the accuracy of the forecast at horizon 6 (point 18).  How would I go about doing that?  I've seen error measures that use h=6 and every point to the end of the data set.I forgot to mention, the forecasts are based on taking 12 months of data and forecasting the 13th month.  Then the window just moves ahead by one month.  Do I assume that I can only look at h=1 forecast accuracy?
Is there any relationship between random numbers sampled from some continuous distribution D and the quantile function of D? I've noticed that when I sample n numbers from a continuous distribution D, sort them, and plot against the quantile function of D, both curves seem very similar. I've tried this for a few distributions (Gaussian, Weibull, Uniform, Gamma)) and I've seen the same behavior in all of them. Is there any connection between both?
RNN on microcontroller based systems I'm currently developing a RNN with Python and Keras/TensorFlow for time series prediction. My final objective is to port the (trained) RNN to an embedded system, which should collect the input time series from sensors and run them through the RNN and output a time series (prediction) in real time, or at least in approximately real time. So, my questions are: (1) is it possible to port a trained RNN (Python based Keras/TensorFlow model) into an embedded system? And (2) if so, which embedded platforms would you recommend to perform such a task? If you could share references which relate to the questions, it would also help me a lot.Thank you.  Obs.: the RNN is composed of 5 layers with 32, 16, 8, 4 and 2 LSTM units each. The inputs of the network are 2 time series, with sizes ranging from 10000 to 200000 samples; in the PC I handle them using Python generators, training and running the network with batches of 128 samples. I think that reducing the size of the network would not cause to many issues (regarding the precision of the output series).
How to calculate sample p (probability of success) for binomial outcome I have a question regarding the binomial distribution. I want to calculate the p from the empirical choices during my treatment in order to calculate the standard deviation for my binomial random values (1,0). I have 240 outcomes (1,0) and I know the mean of this outcome but i am missing p to calculate std.Is there also another way to calculate Std in R instead of using the binomial standard deviation formula? I was thinking of using the estimated variance of a LOGIT model, is that a possibility too?Thank you very much!
Exponential Smoothing & Seasonality I am relatively new to stats and forecasting and was hoping to tap the wisdom of this community in regards to a question.One of my colleagues insists that exponential smoothing presumes seasonality.  I have not seen that anywhere in my investigations of the topic.  To be clear, I'm looking for an actual document that states clearly \"exponential smoothing assumes seasonality\".  I've seen reference to exponential smoothing with seasonality but that implies that there is exponential smoothing without seasonality.So my basic question is this: Do all forms of exponential smoothing (simple, double and triple) assume that the underlying data are seasonal?  If the answer to the above is yes, then:what happens when those techniques are used on non-seasonal data?How strong a pattern of seasonality is required?If the answer to the above is no, then:what happens when those techniques are used on seasonal data?Several applications (such as Tableau) seem to use exponential smoothing by default when forecasting time series data.  This led me to believe that seasonality cannot be a requirement of the technique, or that the requirement for seasonality is so small that it does not materially impact the forecast when there is no seasonality present.  Otherwise, why use that technique as a default?Any assistance this community can provide is most appreciated.  Thank you.
Paper for the rule of thumb for homogenity of variances I often read about a rule of thumb, one can apply if the test of equal variances returns a significant result. Depending on the source, the proposed maximal $F$ ratio varies between 1.5 and 4, which isn't particuarly surprising since it's only a rule of thumb. But is there any paper suggesting this rule of thumb (preferably the one with the $F$ ratio of 4)? I can't find any. The test of homogenity of variances is in context of an assumption check for an ANOVA. Thanks in advance! Otherwise it might get hard to justify this choice to the supervisor.
What is the meaning of \"The assumptions of the regression model are satisfied\"? I still can't get it. I think that if the assumptions are satisfied, the model is right. But what is the meaning of \"right model\"? 
A tricky question about sequences of Normal RVs Suppose I project a sum of money that will be normally distributed (e.g., tomorrow I will have some amount that is drawn from a normal population, where the mean is 100 dollars and the s.d. is 10%, or 10 dollars.)  Now, I put it in the bank.  The next year I will earn interest on it, which itself is normally distributed with mean 10% and s.d. 10% .  I am trying to predict the RV for then - after the year.The tempting thing is to look at the RV for tomorrow, which is $N(100,10)$ and say that the return has the shape $N(10%,10%)=N(10,10)$ since 10 is 10% of the expected value of 100 dollars.  But it strikes me the return RV is, to some degree, correlated with the initial amount.  For example, it's obvious after I receive the first bit that if I only get 85 dollars, then the RV for the return over the next year is distributed as $N(8.5, 8.5)$.What would the total RV actually be for the end of that second period, as calculated now?  I am simply adding two normally distributed RVs.  At times I can convince myself the two are uncorrelated; the return RV is simply being scaled by the result of the first.  At other times I convince myself the correlation is 1.0,since the return RV is a perfect slice (if you will) of the result of period 1.  But it also has a random element, so that's not quite right either.Another way to look at this is this: if the bank didn't look at my balance, but put put in two random amounts that were normally distributed with known means and s.d.s, then it would surely be just the sum of two independent RVs. But, the random amount the bank will add will, in fact, be based on the outcome of the first experiment.  So what is the nature, and how to a calculate, the expected distribution now considering the two back-to-back process that are interlinked.  My intuition tells me it is normal, but with some correlation.
Measure to compare quality of clustering results from different datasets I have a correlation matrix that reflects the structural connectivity patterns of the human brain. I have this matrix for a population of subjects (73 subjects, so I have 73 correlation matrices originated from different datasets).I applied a clustering algorithm to each matrix for a variety of number of clusters (from 2 to 5 clusters). Now, I want to choose the optimal number of clusters k. I'd like to find the same good k for all the 73 subjects, and therefore I want to do the choice based on the consistency across the population. So for each clustering solution (k=2,...,5), I want to measure its consistency for the entire population. So, is there any statistical measure that I can use to compare the clustering results between the different datasets (subjects)? (If anything is not clear, please let me know)
Jonckheere-Terpstra test: two-sided and one-sided, directed and undirected hypotheses I need to perform a Jonckheere-Terpstra test, but I am not sure how to do it and how to interpret the results.I have following data:Three groups doctors1, doctors2, doctors3And how often they ask their patients about their emotional state (0 never - 4 always).I predict such order doctors1 &lt; doctors2 &lt; doctors3In SPSS I chose the non-parametric tests JT and than-\"from smallest to largest\" (groups 1-2-3) and pairwise comparison. My results are p value 0.077 (two-sided)My questions are: I dont really understand what exactly \"from smallest to largest\" means. Does it mean just 1-2-3 order of the groups or is it my hypothesis, that the first group has the smallest value? Second question is - should I divide p value by two? I have a directional hypothesis... if i do it, than i would get statistical sign results. I am really confused.
Combining Z Scores by Weighted Average. Sanity Check Please? I'm trying to measure how \"exceptional\" a particular observation is based on several attributes of that observation among a population of observations. Each observation has several attributes, all numerical quantities but on different scales. To normalize these attributes to be on the same scale, I calculate the Z score of each attribute for each observation. Then, I combine the attributes together of one observation using a weighted average. For example, if I believe attribute 1 is twice as important as attribute 2, so attribute 1 will have a weight of two and attribute 2 will have a weight of one. I do the same for all observations. I call the result of the weighted average an \"observation Z Score.\" I interpret an observation with a Z Score of 1 as being more \"exceptional\" than 84% of other observations.Sanity check questionsIs this method ok?Is the method to weight an attribute twice as important with a weight of 2 appropriate for Z Scores?Is my interpretation of observation Z Score appropriate?Update:Since there is a problem with Z Scores, what if I used the data's percentile (the % of observations that have attributes lower than it) instead of it's Z score? This way, there are no normality assumptions and the obligation to keep the variance the same. To elaborate:Each observation has several attributes, all numerical quantities but on different scales. To normalize these attributes to be on the same scale, I calculate the percentile of each attribute for each observation. Then, I combine the attributes together of one observation using a weighted average. All weights sum to 1.For example, if I believe attribute 1 is twice as important as attribute 2, so attribute 1 will have a weight of two and attribute 2 will have a weight of one. I do the same for all observations. I call the result of the weighted average an \"observation percentile.\" I interpret an observation with a percentile of 0.60 as being more \"exceptional\" than 60% of other observations.Sanity check questionsIs this method ok?Is the method to weight an attribute twice as important with a weight of 2 appropriate for percentiles?Is my interpretation of observation percentile appropriate?
How do I aggregate percentiles from previously aggregated percentiles? I have previously aggregated data for every 5 minutes with a count of sensors at that location and 5% percentiles of a value of interest: 5th, 10th, ..., 90th, 95th. A sensor can have multiple observations in that 5 minute period, or it can have noneI want to aggregate these data up further and calculate the same percentiles. How can I do so?My thought was to treat the percentiles as observations and assign them a weight of 21 / c_t, where 21 is the number of percentiles at time t and c_t is the count at t. I would then calculate a weighted percentile from there.
panel data model Good Morning,I have a doubt.I am doing a panel data model to calculate the benchmarking of some companies in the sector.is there any test that I can apply to know if I use fixed or random effects?I'm using eviews.
Does a quadratic log-likehood mean the MLE is (approximately) normally distributed? So, in the usual case, one can prove from the asymptotic normality of a maximum likelihood estimator that the corresponding log-likehood surface is quadratic near the MLE (e.g. in the proof of the correspondence between Fisher information and the variance of the MLE).My question is, does the opposite hold necessarily? I.e. suppose I know that my log-likelihood surface is quadratic around the best fit: can I then infer that the corresponding MLE is (approximately) normally distributed?
Covariance versus correlation: which is a \"deeper\" or more \"structural\" property of the data? It might seem obvious that the covariance is a \"deeper\" property of the data generation process (DGP), since normally the specification of a joint distribution is done in terms of its mean vector and covariance matrix. From these, the correlation structure can be deduced. In fact a correlation is mathematically defined as a function of the mean and covariance.However, it is also possible to define a multivariate DGP in terms of means and correlations. In fact, correlations are interesting enough in that they are bounded between -1 and 1 and are comparable. Thus, it is possible to see them somewhat as a more \"structural\" property of the data. Is covariance, ontologically speaking (if this is possible in statistics), a more structural parameter than correlation? Or are maybe both equally structural?
Beginner Q: Residual Sum Squared (RSS) and R2 I'm new to the forum and posting my first of many questions. I'm working on a Linear Regression model and the $R^2$ is 0.89 which tells me my regression line is a good fit. When I calculated the residual sum squared, the number is around 4060, which is telling me the difference between the predicted and actual values are large. Do the values $R^2$ = 0.89 and RSS = 4060 contradict each other?
I have 2 AUCs from the same data but 2 algorithms. How I determine if one of the AUCs is greater in a statistically significant sense Problem:I have 200k data samples which are class imblanced (10% positive class, 90% negative class). I split the data in exactly half so my training set is 100k samples and my test set os 100k samples. I train algorithms A and B. Algorithm A discriminates between the two classes using the test set and it achieves an AUC of AUC_A. Algorithm B, which is an improvement on A, gets AUC we call AUC_B. I want to determine if AUC_B > AUC_A by chance or not (statistically significant).What is an algorithm to determine this answer? (say we set p&lt;0.001)
SVM classification on distance matrix How can I do an SVM classification when I only have a distance matrix (pairwise matrix)?Edited: I want to classify my data in two groups: healthy and sick. My original data are histograms (which are extracted from images), so I measure the distance (euclidean and others) between all the histograms and I obtain a distance matrix, I know how to use a clustering method with distance matrix (K-medoids clustering for example) but how can I classify my subjects using a supevised classification method when my original data are histograms?other additions: I do know which subject is sick or healthy. I measure a variable for each subject, so a subject -> a histogram. and I want to know how well can the variable separates healthy subjects from sick patients. For the clustering part that I already did, I used k-medoids (PAM algorithm) and as the input I used the distance matrix that I obtained by measuring the distances between all histograms and I want to do the same thing with a supervised classification method.Is there a supervised classification method that can classify objects like histograms (distributions) 
Fisher LDA - What is the difference between a discriminant function and a linear decision boundary? I am studying Fisher LDA, the case where there are K=2 classes of data.It is my understanding that Fisher LDA looks for the 1-dimensional space onto which the data should be projected in order to maximize the ratio of the between class variance to the within class variance.If this direction is a vector $w$, then how do I compute the linear decision boundary?Many online resources write this as $y(x)=w^{t}x+w_{0}$.If $w$, then isn't $w^{t}x$ the projection of a vector $x$ onto that line? And if so, what is $w_{0}$ and how can one solve for it?I suppose my main question is this: is the decision boundary a function orthogonal to the direction vector that separates data points before projection, or is the decision boundary a point on a line through the vector of maximum separation $w$ that separates the projected points (and if so what is $w_{0}$?
Forecasting time series with several grouping attributes Let's imagine we have weekly sales data of a given set of products, and we're interested in forcasting the next week. Each product belongs to a product cluster (or \"family\"). I've tried both forecasting each product individually and forecasting an aggregate value for each family and then distributing this total using the typical \"weights\" of each product in the respective family, which work rather well depending on the family.But what if there is another attribute that can be used to cluster past orders, such as the client? Is there a way this information can be introduced in the models? Note: the same product can be sold to different clients.
How to identify if a problem is a good candidate for applying machine learning? Specifically, I am talking about supervised learning. It seems that a problem is a good candidate for applying ML if:We have fairly high-accuracy ground-truth labels in our dataset. The dataset is randomly sampled from the underlying distribution and uniformly labelled. The distribution from which the data is sampled stays relatively constant; the model will be applied to data sampled from the same distribution. In other words, the function we are trying to learn stays constant.The output we are trying to learn is actually a function of the inputs we are given.The effective number of independent samples in our dataset is high enough for the levels of noise in the dataset (sources of noise are noise in the inputs, noise in the labels, covariate shifts) and for the complexity of the relationships we are trying to model.The metric we would like our model to optimize is quantifiable.Would that be accurate? Should anything be added to this list or changed in it?
The statistical power of cluster level predictors in linear mixed effects models I have a data on 10,000 people in total sampled from among 50 countries. I built a linear mixed effect model with a country level predictor--sex-ratio of the that country--and want to see the relationship on an individual level predictor (a response on a questionnaire). I've modeled country as a random effect, as well as world region of the country to partially control for non-independence of sex ratios; neighbouring countries might have similar sex ratios for similar reasons. Is my statistical sample size ~50 because that's how many countries I have? or ~10,000 because that's the number of participants I have?Thanks!
Mediation using PROCESS - Add covariates to model with Y only, or both M and Y? I am conducting a mediation analysis (model 4) in SPSS using the PROCESS macro by Hayes.I have cross-sectional survey data and want to test the following relation:Childhood adversity (X) -> Current loneliness (M) -> Current psychosis (Y)I want to add three covariates to the analysis: age/sex/depressed feelings. PROCESS gives me the option to add these covariates in models of both M and Y, and Y only (and M only, but not interested in that). I know for sure that I want to add these covariates to the model with Y, as I think that the covariates might influence the relation between X and Y, and between M and Y. However, I could also think of some reasons why they might influence the relation between X and M \u2013 I am not necessarily interested in this relation, but they could influence the estimate of the mediation effect.My question is: should I only add my covariates to the model with Y as this was my a priori reason to include the covariates, or should I also add them to the model with M as there might be some relationship there which would be good to control for? (I.e., are there good statistical reasons to include covariates to both M and Y models, rather than Y only?)
Detect visual attention area in an image I'm trying to detect the visual attention area in a given image and crop the image into that area. For instance, given an image of any size and a rectangle of say LxW dimension as an input, I would like to crop the image to the most important visual attention area. I'm looking for a state of the art approach for that.Do we have any tools or SDK to implement that? Any piece of code or algorithm would really help.
how to stabalize GAN learning I implemented a generative adversarial network. The generator and the discriminator both seem to learn independently. I put them together in the following manner : pre-train the discriminator to distinguish between the untrained    generator output and real output samples.I then iteratively  get half real data samples, half samples from the generator train the discriminator  train the entire GAN ( with the discriminator turned static ) by feeding in random numbers and telling the GAN that the output is all of the correct class. At first, the loss of the entire GAN is nearly 1 ( 100 % error ) and after a few iterations, it reaches about .2 or less at which point the discriminator and the GAN start to fight off so that one has a high loss while the other has a low loss. Then at some point after 50-100 iterations the GAN has a very high loss (0.99998) and the discriminator has very low loss ( 1e-5). The GAN makes some small comebacks but in general, the remainder of the training looks like that. Am I not waiting long enough for the GAN to beat the discriminator? Should I also pre-train the generator? Is there something else critical I am missing like needing the generator to have lot more parameters than the discriminator or learning rate differences...etc? Should I allow the GAN to learn a few iterations for every iteration that the discriminator gets?   Any knowhow/ experience you can share is welcome. Thank you
Why limiting the weights to not grow to big numbers help to avoid overfitting? I understand that in order to avoid overfitting we need to reduce the complexity of the network. Or, in other words we can reduce the degree of polynomial. L1-norm does exactly this - reduces the degree of polynomial by making the solution sparse.In L2-norm case the weights don't become zero but small. Thus, the degree of polynomial does not decrease, meaning the network does not become less complex, meaning it did not solve the overfitting. So, I don't understand how limiting the weights to not grow to big numbers help to avoid overfitting.
Interpreting Ensemble Models The project I'm working on uses a lot of different variables to predict sales. The best model, in terms of mean average squared error is an ensemble Model which is a combination of a regression model and a probability tree model.How do I interpret this model? I know it's the average of both models and I know how to interpret the models separately but how do I interpret the Ensemble model overall?Thank you.
Does a density forecast add value beyond a point forecast when the loss function is given? Density forecasts are more universal than point forecasts; they provide information on the whole predicted distribution of a random variable rather than on a concrete function thereof (such as predicted mean, median, quantile, etc.). Availability of a density forecast allows different users pick out relevant elements -- point forecasts -- that are of their interest. Some users will focus on the predicted mean, others on the predicted median, etc., depending on the loss function by which the forecast is evaluated (and which may differ from user to user). Given a density forecast, every user's needs will be satisfied regardless of the loss function, because the density forecast contains all probabilistic information about the random variable.However, if we have a concrete user in mind and know his/her loss function, then Does the density forecast provide any added value over a point forecast tailored to the loss function?If the answer is No in general, what are the conditions to make it a Yes?P.S. @hejseb draws an interesting parallel between a point forecast tailored to the loss function and a sufficient statistic; perhaps this can inspire an answer.
What is the difference between linear and non-linear time series? What do they look like? Is the definition of linearity in time series the same as the linearity in linear regression?
Doesn't the non-Gaussian source assumption of ICA render it practically useless? Gaussian distributions appear everywhere in nature, indeed this was largely the justification for most classical methods' reliance on assumption of normality.ICA assumes non-Gaussian sources, indeed it requires this assumption to hold for the derivation of components via Central Limit Theorem.But what then is the value of a method that only works with assumptions contrary to the known reality? Note that unlike the many previous questions I am not asking why or how ICA requires non-Gaussianity. I understand and accept that ICA requires this. What I don't understand is how this doesn't destroy the perceived usefulness of ICA.What if one wished to separate a mixture of Gaussian sources? What if one didn't know the distributions of the sources (as is typical), then it would seem the 'default assumption' should be for rather than against their Gaussianity - in this case a method that can only give non-Gaussian answers is surely misleading at best?Are scientists really just 'flip-flopping' on how Gaussian they assume the world to be when they use ICA versus classical methods?
Can we treat ETS(ANA) as a subset of ETS(AAA) I experimented with two series, one without trend and the other with trend. I found ets(ANA) gave better result in former (with trend) and ets (AAA) gave better results in later. But what I expected is, ets(AAA) should be providing as good a result as ets(ANA) in former series too. I thought this as I believed ets(AAA) to provide a better result in both cases because it is a superset model for all ets additive models. I used R forecast package to derive results.(sorry for asking such a naive question)
How to index rater agreement: multiple raters identify strenghts/weaknesses from 30 traits? Six raters independently rated 25 people by identifying strengths and weaknesses: choosing among 35 traits (15 positive traits and 20 negative traits). The rater instructions said to identify a maximum of the 3 greatest strengths and the 3 greatest weaknesses for each person.  On average, a person received about 3 strength or weakness ratings from a rater (less than the 6 expected based on the rater instructions).How might I go about describing the degree of rater agreement?  (The options that come to mind are % agreement and some index of inter-rater reliability.)My primary interest is in the person level agreement, since the people involved are interested in knowing whether the raters are giving them valuable information. The overall level of agreement is also of interest.Update: A Possible Approach: This dilemma seems to have 2 separate aspects: (a) developing a measure of the level of rater agreement, and (b) developing a way to compare the observed level of rater agreement to chance.  Here is an approach that I describe in hope of getting constructive feedback.(a) Rater Agreement RatioDefine rater agreement as the ratio ofthe total number of attributes selected by the raters (counting each time an attribute is chosen, whether or not the attribute is chosen by multiple raters)tothe total number of unique attributes selected (counting each chosen attribute once, no matter how many raters chose that attribute)Since there are 6 raters, if all raters chose the same attributes, the ratio would be 6.0.  For example, if all 6 raters chose attributes 1 and 3, the rater agreement ratio would be 12/2=6.  If all raters chose different attributes, the ratio would be 1.0.  For example, if the 6 raters chose 18 different attributes, the rater agreement ratio would be 18/18=1.0.  So this measure could range from 1) no agreemnt0 to 6 (perect agreement).(b) Distribution of rater agreement ratio based on chanceCalculate the extent of agreement that would be seen based on chance using a Monte Carlo study, as follows.For each rater, tally the attributes chosen to get a frequency distribution of the positive and negative attributes chosen.<br>Use these frequency distributions to calculate level of agreement that would be observed based on chance, as follows.If rater A chose 3 positive and 2 negative attributes for person 1, select 3 positive and 2 negative attributes from these two pools of attributes for rater A: (1) all the positive attributes chosen by rater A for all people, and (2) all the negative attributes chosen by rater A for all people, in both cases allowing for frequency of attribute choices.  Repeat this for Raters B through F. Then calculate the rater agreement ratio due to chance.  Repeat this multiple times (Monte Carlo approach) to get the degree of agreement expected based on chance and the probability distribution of the rater agreement ratio.  Compare this with the level of agreement actually observed.What do you think?
How do I call a forecast that is both accurate and precise? How do I call a forecast (more precisely, a forecasting rule) that is both accurate and precise?<br>Is there a word that expresses both properties combined?I do not mean the forecasting rule is perfect, i.e. it does not have to produce forecasts that always perfectly coincide with their respective targets, but its accuracy is good (low bias) and its precision too (low variance).
which non parametric test to use? I'll start with saying I am not an expert in stats and had some basic knowledge of Anova but was now told to use the nonparametric test in my project and I'm lost.<br>My design:I have two groups, low and high level of the second language (independent v.)tested in two conditions: gesture/ no gesture (independent v.)for a fluency measure(speech rate) at one point in time (dependent v.)Which would be the appropriate test to run in this case?
Feature selection using LASSO and PCA on training data or whole data? I am using LASSO and PCA for performing feature selection on a classification problem. The dataset consist of 20 features and around 5.7k observations. One of the reviewer comments for this approach is as follows:<blockquote>  Overfitting issue in feature selection    The authors reported using 3 feature selection techniques, namely  Wilcoxon rank sum test, LASSO, and PCA, where only LASSO and PCA were  used and evaluated. However, the feature selection in this study seems  to be conducted with whole dataset but not within training dataset,  which may result in overfitting. In fact, both feature selection and  parameter tuning are recommended to be conducted in an independent  dataset out from test dataset. Please refer to studies (Krstajic et  al. Journal of Cheminformatics 2014, 6:10; Varma et al. BMC  Bioinformatics. 2006; 7: 91.). A nested cross validation may provide a  more unbiased result.</blockquote>How will nested cross-validation help here? A 10-fold nested cross validation with feature selection could give me 10 possible set of selected features. In that case, how do we report the selected features? And also there could be different set of hyperparamters chosen for each fold as well. How do we report the optimal hyperparamters here? Could it be like feature selection could be done on the 50% of the data, rather than using the whole data.
Chi-squared testing for say TWO samples from TWO distributions Chi-squared test can be used to check the hypothesis, that given sampleis from the given theoretical distribution.Assume as I have two samples (x1, ... xn) , (y1, ... ym) ,and two theoretical distributions F1, F2 I want somehow to check the hypothesis that X is from F1 and Y from F2.Question: Is there some modifications of chi-squred test to that situation of two samples and two distributions ? Of course, we can do two tests, but the question is how to combine the results ? For example the first test gives \"YES\the second \"NO\". That it is why I want something like a joint test.
Usage of Hidden Markov Models I have a set of questions regarding how HMMs are used.Context: there is a stream of real numbers or real number vectors (e.g. data from a phone accelerometer) and the goal is to detect that an action has just happened based on the data from this stream. Only one type of action is considered, i.e. the device is either performing the action or not. An example of an action could be \"drawing\" a circle in the air with the device while not performing the action is, for example, just carrying the device in the pocket. I'm aware that there are other ways to do this than HMMs but I'm asking this question also to understand HMMs more so for the sake of this question please suppose that using HMMs is required.I see two ways of doing thismultiple HMMs (i.e. the speech recognition way) - two HMMs (one for the action and for a non-action), the action is detected if the action-model has higher probability of generating the observed sequence than the non-action model - this would also mean that the signal would have to be processed in a sliding window fashion, running the whole window through the HMMs to get the probabilitiessingle HMM with tracking state - a single HMM with states corresponding to the stages of the (non-)action and then the forward algorithm (updated with each new observation as they come in from the stream) is used to get the probabilities of the states and if the action-is-happening-right-now state (or action-just-ended state) has the highest probability, the action is detectedWhich of these ways is used in practice or which of these makes the most sense? What are the requirements for training data for each of the above approaches (provided they both make sense in the first place).Regarding the training...The Baum-Welch training uses only the observations and the state model is fitted to the observations, i.e. there is no clear interpretation of what the states actually represent. Therefore it cannot be used for the single HMM approach, am I correct?If I wanted to use the single-model approach (provided it makes sense at all) I would need to actually know the hidden states of the system for the training sequences, am I correct?If it is possible to label the training sequence(s) with the state (or what I think is the state), i.e. an in-action state and not-in-action state, or even action-is-starting, in-action, action-is-ending and non-action states, how would I train the single HMM?I'm a total newbie in HMMs so if the questions are weird or very basic, you know why. Thanks for any answers that help me shine light on these issues.
Usage of Hidden Markov Models I have a set of questions regarding how HMMs are used.Context: there is a stream of real numbers or real number vectors (e.g. data from a phone accelerometer) and the goal is to detect that an action has just happened based on the data from this stream. Only one type of action is considered, i.e. the device is either performing the action or not. An example of an action could be \"drawing\" a circle in the air with the device while not performing the action is, for example, just carrying the device in the pocket. I'm aware that there are other ways to do this than HMMs but I'm asking this question also to understand HMMs more so for the sake of this question please suppose that using HMMs is required.I see two ways of doing thismultiple HMMs (i.e. the speech recognition way) - two HMMs (one for the action and for a non-action), the action is detected if the action-model has higher probability of generating the observed sequence than the non-action model - this would also mean that the signal would have to be processed in a sliding window fashion, running the whole window through the HMMs to get the probabilitiessingle HMM with tracking state - a single HMM with states corresponding to the stages of the (non-)action and then the forward algorithm (updated with each new observation as they come in from the stream) is used to get the probabilities of the states and if the action-is-happening-right-now state (or action-just-ended state) has the highest probability, the action is detectedWhich of these ways is used in practice or which of these makes the most sense? What are the requirements for training data for each of the above approaches (provided they both make sense in the first place).Regarding the training...The Baum-Welch training uses only the observations and the state model is fitted to the observations, i.e. there is no clear interpretation of what the states actually represent. Therefore it cannot be used for the single HMM approach, am I correct?If I wanted to use the single-model approach (provided it makes sense at all) I would need to actually know the hidden states of the system for the training sequences, am I correct?If it is possible to label the training sequence(s) with the state (or what I think is the state), i.e. an in-action state and not-in-action state, or even action-is-starting, in-action, action-is-ending and non-action states, how would I train the single HMM?I'm a total newbie in HMMs so if the questions are weird or very basic, you know why. Thanks for any answers that help me shine light on these issues.
Usage of Hidden Markov Models I have a set of questions regarding how HMMs are used.Context: there is a stream of real numbers or real number vectors (e.g. data from a phone accelerometer) and the goal is to detect that an action has just happened based on the data from this stream. Only one type of action is considered, i.e. the device is either performing the action or not. An example of an action could be \"drawing\" a circle in the air with the device while not performing the action is, for example, just carrying the device in the pocket. I'm aware that there are other ways to do this than HMMs but I'm asking this question also to understand HMMs more so for the sake of this question please suppose that using HMMs is required.I see two ways of doing thismultiple HMMs (i.e. the speech recognition way) - two HMMs (one for the action and for a non-action), the action is detected if the action-model has higher probability of generating the observed sequence than the non-action model - this would also mean that the signal would have to be processed in a sliding window fashion, running the whole window through the HMMs to get the probabilitiessingle HMM with tracking state - a single HMM with states corresponding to the stages of the (non-)action and then the forward algorithm (updated with each new observation as they come in from the stream) is used to get the probabilities of the states and if the action-is-happening-right-now state (or action-just-ended state) has the highest probability, the action is detectedWhich of these ways is used in practice or which of these makes the most sense? What are the requirements for training data for each of the above approaches (provided they both make sense in the first place).Regarding the training...The Baum-Welch training uses only the observations and the state model is fitted to the observations, i.e. there is no clear interpretation of what the states actually represent. Therefore it cannot be used for the single HMM approach, am I correct?If I wanted to use the single-model approach (provided it makes sense at all) I would need to actually know the hidden states of the system for the training sequences, am I correct?If it is possible to label the training sequence(s) with the state (or what I think is the state), i.e. an in-action state and not-in-action state, or even action-is-starting, in-action, action-is-ending and non-action states, how would I train the single HMM?I'm a total newbie in HMMs so if the questions are weird or very basic, you know why. Thanks for any answers that help me shine light on these issues.
How to interpret pairs plot in R? I am a beginner in plotting/graphing. Kindly explain how  to interpret the pairwise scatter plots generated using pairs() function in R. The data contains 323 columns of different indicators of a disease. Although I see that many columns are mean, std, slope, min, max and so on of any one parameter. For example, for an attribute like 'walking', there are other attributes like: sum.slope.walking, meansquares.slope.walking, sd.slope.walking and so on. Is it okay to select any one parameter in such a case (such as meansquares.slope..) ? What are the patterns to look out for to identify relationships between attributes ?
How to use Dynamic Regression models in R to forecast future sales I want to forecast the sales having 2 independent variables, x1 and x2. I want to choose between different combinations and lags, e.g:sales ~ x1sales ~ lag(x1,-1)sales ~ lag(x1,-1) + lag(x2,-1)etc ...I use the function auto.arima(sales, xreg=c(x1,x2)) in R. My questions are:i) What is the best way to choose the most appropriate model for forecasting purposes?ii) I want to forecast sales, lets say, for the whole 2018. Do I have to separately forecast x1 and x2 and use these forecasts as inputs to the regression model? Is this the correct approach?Does this process of forecasting the predictors and then using the forecasts as inputs to the regression model have a specific name?
N-Urns N-Color ball modelling as Markov Chain I am trying to model a system which can, mostly, be simplified to elements of different groups changing groups among themselves. I want to understand how frequently the elements change group and how frequently they stay in the same group (after a large number of interactions). My initial idea was to treat it as a Ehrenfest urn problem with N-Urns and N-Colors (the initial group). A ball after being selected can change urn or stay in the same.For example (with N=2), all the red balls start in urn 1 and all the blue balls in urn 2 (the number of blue and red balls is not necessary the same). Select randomly a ball, for example a red one from urn 1 and it can move to urn 2 with probability p (or stay with 1-p).In my problem, I have the final state of the urns (after enough time for mixing) and try to find the transition matrix(ces) based on that.However, I can't seem to find any source with anything that looks like my problem. All the cases I see are, in general, much simpler and I can't find a way to apply them to my problem. Is an Ehrenfest urn what I am looking for or is there any other any name? Am I missing something and is there any other way to model this problem?Thanks!
Goodness of fit for two samples with uneven different sizes I have 2 different samples and would like to test a hypothesis about some aspect of their distribution. The first sample has 11,000 observations but the second is just 150 outcomes.From graphically comparison, isn't clear if they come from the same population or not.I tried to perform some Statistical hypothesis testing, but the main problem that I met is the large size of the first sample respect the second. I don't think that a method of Monte Carlo, to improve the size of the second sample, would be a good idea (except for graphically comparison maybe), because at that point I will have 2 large samples and any little different from them would be statistically significant.So, is it a good way trying to resample from the first sample in order to get a smaller one? And at this point perform a hypothesis test.Thank you for any help (and sorry for my english, but isn't my native language)
Using SVM and Logistic Regression for survival analysis I am trying to use SVM and Logistic Regression for survival analysis but I am not able to properly find the implementation in R or python? I was wondering if it was possible to predict whether a customer, given his features, would survive in the next 30 or 60 days or not? I can predict if he has churned or not at that moment, but not able to say whether he will still be a customer in 30/60 days. I was thinking about adding a weight depending on his last purchase date but not sure if that's the correct way. Can someone help me out on this and tell me if this is a viable method? Or point me to a viable method?Thanks
Understanding training phase of an agent trained using deep Q-learning Assume we have a deterministic game and we want to train an agent using Deep Q-Learning (a.k.a. DQN) to play this game. We record the score of the agent at each episode and plot the scores versus the episode numbers. Assume the maximum score of the game is 1 and the minimum is -1.Now, my question is this: if we trained an agent for 300k episodes and observed after a while the agent learns to get the score of 1 and it keeps doing that for the first 100k. However, after that, the score drops to around -1 and stays there until 300k-th episode. What can be the reason for this phenomena? Although the agent learns to play the game perfectly for a long time, why it suddenly forgets it?
Interpreting Regression Coefficients in time series model with seasonal & trend component AND a lagged variable I'm working on a time series model which predicts daily sales.The model is based on seasonal-trend decomposition by Loess, basically.(I'm using an R package similar to Prophet by facebook.)Since the time series I want to model has large PACF for lag 1, I added 1st-order lagged variable to this stl-based model.To summarize, my model has the following form.Today's Sales ~ trend + seasonality + some indicator variables + Yesterday's Sales + errorThis 'some indicator variables' mean dummy variables whose values are 1 when a specific kind of marketing campaign is ON, 0 when OFF.I want to interpret the regression coefficients of these dummy variables as the average effect of a marketing campaign category on Sales. Then there arises a problem. The coefficients are much smaller when I put Yesterday's Sales to the model. (about 1/3 ~ 1/4) But the sign and relative size of these coefficients (compared to the coefficients of the other dummies) remains almost the same.Yesterday's Sales (lag 1 variable) is highly significant(p&lt;0.0000001) and the coefficient of this lagged variable is about 0.6.Is it OK to maintain this lagged variable in my model? Is it reasonable to interpret the coefficients of the indicator variables as the campaign effect?Thanks in advance. 
Find if a coin toss sequence is random Suppose we are given a sequence of heads and tails for 1000 coin tosses. how do we check if it's actually random? I believe I need to do a hypothesis test, I tried to write some examples to get an idea and I think it has something to do with the number of consecutive heads or tails parts but I'm not sure how to proceed.
Lack of understanding of LOOCV I am trying to utilize LOOCV in the data partition in R. The idea of LOOCV is to train the model on n-1 set and test the model on the only remaining one set. Then, is to repeat this process n timesNow suppose that I am dealing with KNN. That means on each repetition of LOOCV, I will get the Confusion Matrix to assess my model, which I want.Since the dimension of my dataset is (569) (32). It means by using LOOCV, I will have 569 the confusion matrix as a total. The reason for calculating the confusion matrix is to find the number of correct class.Am I right or I have something wrong? If I am right. How to assess the model?      
Independent variables in the conditional variance GARCH(1,1) I am using a GARCH(1,1) model, and I would like to add some variables to my conditional variance. I have the data for these variables, but I was wondering if I have to change these variables to variance-data themselves. Let's say my data is 1, 4, 6, 8, 2. Before adding it as a variable to the conditional variance, do I have to transform it to (1-mean)/mean before I can add it? So my data would then be (1-4.2)/4.2, (4-4.2)/4.2, etc.
NN works well on preproccessed data, but results are poor after de-normalizing - predicting non-normalized prediction values using NN? So I'm trying to build a neural network to fit an approximating function to a data set.The data set consists of (input,output) paris where the input features are discrete numbers [0,1,2,...,1027].While the output is a single continous number between [0, 1027).Now, If in preprocessing I normalize both my input features and outputs by dividing by the max value in the data set, my neural network which consists of a single hidden layer (relu) and a regression layer in the output learns well and I'm getting my MSE to drop to a nice level and I can plot and see that the NN fits well both the train set and the test set.The problem is, when I de-normalize back the estimations to their [0,1027) range, the erros get multiplied by the max value (1027) and the overall results are now very poor.Any tips on dealing with this kind of problem? how can I preform pre proccesing so my NN learn well, but not hurting performance when de-normalizing.Thanks.
why auto correlation exists I am wondering what is auto correlation? From the definition of Markov Chain, the  current state should only depend on previous state, why there exist auto correlation? 
Repeated measures, ZI negative binomial GLM in R? So...I'm not entirely sure if this is possible but thought I'd post here to ask. Additionally, I've never used R before (except for screwing around for an hour or two in Swirl) so please bear with me. I'm trying to run a repeated measures, zero-inflated negative binomial GLM. Unfortunately, it's not possible to do in JMP, which is what I typically use. The catch is that some of my factors change for each time interval. Let me try to explain everything which will hopefully clear things up. This analysis is looking at how the reproductive output (i.e. the number of offspring produced) of a fish species varies with sex ratio. To do this, we put a number of fish out on artificial reefs that we built. On each reef, we know the sex ratio and the average female/male size of what we put out there. The fish were out there for 3 weeks. We went back once a week to examine their reproductive output (we counted the number of eggs they produced). To break it down:DV: Reproductive outputIV: Sex ratioIV: BlockIV: Sex ratio * BlockCovariate: Average female sizeCovariate: Average male sizeSo, for this analysis, each reef is it's own replicate that we sampled once a week, for 3 weeks. The problem is that the sex ratio (obviously) varied during the time that they were out there. So, I was wondering if it'd be possible for me to run a repeated measures, ZI negative binomial GLM while also changing the sex ratio, female, and male size for each time that we sampled reproductive output (week 1, week 2, and week 3).Help!Edit: I also have SPSS and SigmaPlot if it'd be easier/simpler to run my analyses in either of those programs.
Why fewer feature classification models can perform better? I have seen articles on the \u201ccurse of dimensionality\u201d and why reducing the number of features can help with overfitting, but imagine we are interested in cases with significantly less features. Why is it that a classification model with fewer features can perform better than one with more features when the feature set is already small (for the sake of example, let's say 10 features)?
Choosing the Best Performing Model when Test Set MSE's Are Highly Variable? I'm currently building an XGBoost model to predict sales for a certain line of products. I'm using Caret's train function with 10-fold cross validation to fine tune the model's hyper-parameters. The issue I currently face is that I only have 24 data points to work with, so I'm experience variance issues.At the moment, I'm trying to determine which features I should add to the model and I don't know how to go about it. That's because each possible model's performance on the test set is variable when changing seeds. For example, with a seed of 777, one specific model has a test RMSE of 140, but on a different seed it has a test RMSE of 400.Exactly how should I go about selecting the best model? My idea was to use the model with the lowest Training RMSE derived from the 10-fold cross validation. Any ideas?
is it a good practice to use K-Fold cross validation instead of training, validation and test set? i have a Dataset of 5000 samples for a regression problem, now with this number of samples can i and is it better to use K-Fold cross validation instead of the validation set as an alternative?if not i've been splitting data as 70% 15% 15%, but it doesn't seem the distribution of splits are exactly the same, i mean depending on the split i would get very different predictions, for example in split i tune the model with validation set and get 0.75 $R^2$ for validation set and then get a $R^2$ if 0.88 for test set, and in another instance its the exact opposite.if i do a few random splits and find a few splits that the model structure is not very different in each split, can i just use one of these splits? wouldn't that defeat the purpose of the randomness of splits? out of these splits i chose two random splits, now after training, tuning and all the other steps, for one of the splits i would get the following $R^2$ for train, dev and test set: 0.91, 0.92, 0.90 and for the other one i would get these:  0.93, 0.88, 0.85. can i use the first one that gave me the best result? is it valid? i mean depending on the split it seems my final test score would be totally different.
How to determine the best forecasting model for this type of data? I am working on teaching myself some forecasting techniques that I can use in the future.Imagine a shopping mall. The mall contains many shops which each sell different products. I have a bunch of data relating to each shop:<blockquote>  Number of products they sell    Price of these products    Historical sales figures    The type of shop    How many customers visit each shop in a given window    How many days a week the shop is open for    ...    etc</blockquote>I am looking for a way to predict based on the above how much revenue a given shop is likely to take in a month?E.g. A computer shop with 500 products that is open everyday and took 5000, 3700, 4900,...,6000 is estimated to bring in 5400USD next month.I have had some limited success in the past using time series methods but I feel like there is not really any seasonal growth for a large number of shops and I am wondering about other methods.Also I know that all of the data I have may not be relevant (for instance the number of products they sell may not make any difference to the predicted values of sales going forward) but I have a lot of data so want to incorporate some of it into the model rather than just a straight time series.Can anyone suggest any types of models that might be appropriate?I have heard about logistic regression and linear regression and have vaguely looked at the former and seem a bit of the latter are these useful?If not could someone tell me what kind of models I could be researching into in order to build a model that utilises the data as I don't think I am making the most of the large amounts of data I have.Thanks! 
In a linear regression, should I include independent variables that is already known to be predictive of the dependent variable? I own an online shop and I'm trying to find the factors that would predict the profitability of a merchandise. To do this, I ran a linear regression with profit as the dependent variable. For the independent variables, I used all the data that I have recorded about each merchandise, which included things like the number of competitors, competitors' prices, year of production, etc. The idea is to create a list of criteria to determine if I should or should not sell a certain merchandise.However, the result is always obvious: the selling price and buying cost are the only significant predictors (there are other statistically significant variables, but their beta is very low). Since they would obviously affect the profit, should I exclude them?I did try to exclude them and the result is a lot more interesting, but I don't know if they are valid. I've also tried swapping the dependent variable from profit to the selling price and their results are identical.
regression on 2d vector in r Trying to do a simple regression on a 2d vectors. I don't think this is the right way. vec1x=  c(0.4191, -0.0064, -0.1071,  0.0605, -0.0290)vec1y=  c(8.0054,  5.7876,  6.9907,  7.9606,  8.8073)vec2x=  c(2.5424,  5.1469,  4.7073,  4.3420,  6.7717)vec2y=  c(1.1129,  2.6307,  1.7691,  0.3857, -1.6576)vec3x=  c(1.8899,  3.7936,  4.3746,  2.7874,  1.3930)vec3y=  c(9.6567,  7.4949,  6.7109,  6.9061,  8.7460)REG=glm(c(vec3x,vec3y) ~  c(vec1x,vec1y)+ c(vec2x,vec2y))but when I run the X  and Y separately I get different beta (I should?).Is there another type of regression I can use that can take care of this 2d?Im new to this stuff.
Can a ConvNet see patterns that a human cannot? I am training a ConvNet to detect different types of stripes in my images. As I am working on astronomical images, my pixel values are flux densities and therefore represent ground truth data. When I (as a human) look at my images with the full range (some images have ranges from -10 to 125, others from -0.05 to 3.5, etc...), I can often not detect these stripes. However, when condensing the range to 0 - 1sigma (for x &lt; 0: x=0, and for x > 1sigma: x=1sigma) I can see stripe-type 1. To visually (human) detect stripe-type 2, I need to condense the range to 0 - 3sigma. Now I am fine with doing these preprocessing steps in order to build an adequate and correct training set, but I obviously cannot apply different preprocessings depending on the class on the testing data. So my question is: If I label my training data based on the condensed ranges (where humans can see the stripes), but I train the neural net on the original images (where humans cannot see the stripes due to bad spectral resolution), will the algorithm be able to see the artifacts nevertheless?And how would the fact that ConvNets sometimes \"squash\" the values between 0 and 1 anyways play into this? Or is this only relevant when using sigmoid as an activation function?Do I need to normalize or standardize my images? If I do so and look at the image, it is also nearly impossible to humanly detect the stripes.
How to test for difference in means between 5 groups? The variance between the groups are not equal. If they were equal, then I could use ANOVA There are five groups and I want to test for difference in means between the five groups assuming the variance are not constant between the groups.
PCA to choose variables based on its loadings on PC1 I have a dataset of cave dimensions (and other variables related to their features).The problem is that 3 of these variables are: Length, Area, and Volume.These 3 are highly correlated as they basically are: Area = Length * Length and Volume = Area * Length. I know using PCA I can find the variables which influence the most the whole set's variation. Is that ok to perform PCA and pick only the most 'influential' variable to my further analysis? Say, Area for example (I think Area is the best one, not sure, just a guess).   I know PCA does not choose variables. Instead, it creates new ones.However, I know the PC1 (being the major 'influencer' on the variation) is formed by loadings of the previous variables. Does it make sense to pick then the variable which contributes with the most loadings on PC1?
How to calculate which percentile a number is in given the mean and standard deviation? I'm aware that this is a very elementary problem but I can't seem to find an answer to this exact question and I'm pretty inexperienced with statistics in general.I have a value which represents my \"score\" on a test and I want to figure out which percentile I'm in (IE: top 1.4%). I have the mean score for the test and the standard deviation from that score, assuming standard deviation how can I find my percentile?Example:I scored 181 on a test where the average score is 40 and the standard deviation is 16.7. Is it possible to find from these numbers that, for example, my score is in the top .005%? Or do I need more data points than just the mean?Thanks!
Technique(s) for Forecasting Daily Sales For a 14 Day Interval What are techniques for forecasting daily sales for a 14 day interval?Note, my historical data is 14 days of daily sales data that may or may not have fallen in the same month (e.g. July 2017) as the interval I am trying to forecast for (e.g. July 2018).
How to stretch a time series to any length, n, without padding? What algorithms are most suitable if I want to strect a time series to a certain length, n. I dont want to just pad the time series with values at the beginning or end, I want the pattern of the data to be followed but with values added anywhere within the time series to make it length n. For example if i have a time series of 4 values: {1, 5, 7, 4} and want to stretch it to 7 values then it would change to: {1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 5.5, 4} and if it was strecthed to 6 values it would still follow the same pattern of the data so it might be something like: {1, 3.5, 5 ,7, 5, 4 } - (this isnt mathematically correct but i hope you get the point)I would also want this to be applied to a time series that contains x, y, z coordinates eg {x1, y1, z1, x2, y2, z2, ... xn, yn, zn} with the same type of strecthing applied but it takes into account the x, y and z values being related.Edit:The x, y and z values are the coordinates of a person that is being tracked. So the time series is tracking the movement and actions of a person in a room. For example the person could be running, walking, and moving thoughout the room and the x,y,z coordinates of the person as they are doing that is being tracked.
What is a good measure of correlation between stocks in an equity portfolio? I am trying to analyse the degree to which the stocks in the MSCI AC World index are correlated with each other. As there are thousands of stocks in the index, I would like a single measure of correlation between the stocks. 
Forecasting - Performance measures, BIAS and Mean Percentage Errors I have calculated BIAs and MPE for a forecasted decompositional model, BIAS comes out as underpredicting and MPE comes out as overpredicting. Is this possible seen as they both measure how biased a forecast is?
CNN for a regression problem I have tons of matrices as inputs and their corresponding outputs, which are also matrices. In other words, my goal is to train a network that would predict me the matrix output based on the matrix input. I believe that there's some dynamics between the matrix elements, thus I prefer CNN. But I don't really know how to approach this, as I can't come up with the output layer. How could I build a network that has both 16x16 matrices as input and output. I'm using keras on R.Thanks!
Finding an optimal class probability threshold for SVM I've got an imbalanced data set on which I'm training an SVM using cross validation. I'd like to find the optimal class probability threshold that maximizes the F measure.I've tried doing this by using the class probabilities that are found during cross validation. I've first calibrated these probabilities by training a regression model on them and then using it to find the real probabilities (Platt scaling). I then tried a range of threshold and chose the one that maximizes the F measure.To test on an test sample, I used the tuned SVM to predicted the class probabilities. I again calibrated these using the previously learned regression model and used the threshold to assign classes.However this results in a way worse prediction than with the default threshold and I have no clue why. The only thing I suspect that might cause this is the fact that I used the regression model on the same data as I trained it on, as this might cause the threshold to overfit a bit, but I think this would cause the found threshold to just be a bit less optimal and not dramatically worse.Any thoughts on how I should handle this?
Tossing coin and classical ML estimate I'm reading Bishop's Pattern recognition and came across with the next on the p.23:<blockquote>  Suppose, for instance, that a fair-looking coin is tossed three times  and lands heads each time. A classical maximum likelihood estimate of  the probability of landing heads would give 1, implying that all  future tosses will land heads! By contrast, a Bayesian approach with  any reasonable prior will lead to a much less extreme conclusion.</blockquote>Could you explain please, why it is so?
How to segment test data based on clustering run on training data- UNSUPERVISED How can I segment the 'test' datasets based on k-means used in training datasets in R. For example, I run k-means clustering in R and get 7 segments from demographic and psychographic attributes of the customer in one state. Assigned the name to all the 7 segments based on the attributes present in each cluster. Now I want to segment other state data into the same 7 segments using previously run clustering on one state data? How to do this in R? Is it possible? Please do not confuse with supervised learning(Classification problem). My query is for unsupervised.
data imputation of missing values in non-normally distributed explanatory variables I have been told that mean imputation of missing values is inappropriate when the variables underlying distribution is non-normal. my variable is contiunous (but bound at 100) and most observations are either 98 or 99 (with the odd few in the lower 90's), hence the distribution is highly skewed. how would i best input for missing values?
Validating models on small dataset with imbalanced classes At this moment I'm trying to predict adverse events for the next 8 hours in hospital patients receiving a certain type of treatment, using python and pandas.Every row in my dataset represents one treatment and contains features like blood values and settings of the machines being used. The outcome of the model is a ratio of two blood values, which can be regressed of classified in a binary way (the event is adverse if this ratio exceeds 2.5).The problem I'm having is that there are only 437 rows (treatments) available and one patient has received this treatment 54 times.I'd prefer to validate my models on unseen data and keep patients separate in every split, but I'm not sure if this is feasible given the little amount of data.At this moment I'm splitting my data 70/30 and making sure that patients cannot be in both the train and test set. This approach does feel rather weak, as I'd rather like to cross-validate my models. Therefore my questions are:How can I improve this validation approach in general, given this little amount of data and imbalance in patient representation?Would it hurt to let go of the 'keeping patients separate in every split' approach in this kind of setting?
5-way significant interaction with mixed-ANOVA, how to interpret!? (SPSS) I am analysing results from a study which was a 2 (stimulus type) x 2 (distance) x 2 (speed) x 2 (cardiac cycle) x 2 (grouping variable-between subjects) mixed ANOVA, all of the factors have 2 levels and only one of them is a between subjects measure, the rest are within. I have a significant interaction between them all. I am unsure how to interpret it or how to find out where the interaction came from.I have split the data with the between-factor and that again had some significant results.group 1= stimulus * distance * speed * Cardiac group 2 = speed * stimulus , stimuli *distance * speed * cardiac, and distance * speed * cardiac. I can't further split the file into Cardiac cycle, I think because the data is in a wide format and the cardiac cycle is spreed across a few columns and this is the case for speed, distance and stimulus too. There seems to be nothing online or in books about 5-way ANOVAS!!!!Any help and advice greatly appreciated.Thanks,
Interest rate control variable GARCH I'm building a GARCH model which looks if analysts' reports affect the volatility of certain stocks. I was wondering if it would be logical to include the interest rate in my GARCH model as a sort of control variable for macroeconomic changes.Maybe a change in volatility doesn't come from the report per se, but underlying changes in monetary policy for instance.Any help is appreciated!
Can Principal Component Analysis explain variation in social data due to other factors? I have a set of social data for 30 countries. The data is in the form of percentage change in answers to a survey question, asked at two points in time (i.e. UK showed 20% increase in positive answers to Q1). There are around 30 countries.I hope to use PCA to determine how much of the variation seen in the social data is explained by other factors - specifically Human Development Index, Happiness index and ecological footprint.Is PCA the best way to get my answer? If so, when I plug the data in, do I include the original social data? I've tried that but the first component is always explained 100% by the variation in that data set.Any help would be greatly appreciated.
comparing the means of multiple distributions I wish to compare the means of three independent data sets.  These are exam scores that are from class A and class B and class C.  Class A and B are normal and tested ok for homogeneity.  A T-Test between class A and B revealed that the sets are significantly different and looking at the mean and median, and I determined class A performed better than B (examining the means).  When comparing the means between A and C and then B and C using the Mann Whitney U test, the both scenarios didn't show significance.  I thought that the comparison between A and C would test significant being b/c of the results of the T-Test.I recently learned that when doing a multiple amount of comparisons, I have to apply the Bonferroni correction to my p value (p => .05/3 => .0167).  When comparing the means of A/B, B/C and A/C using p = .0167 all of the result comparison showed no significance.  My question is,..when I write my results, should I determine there was no significant relationship found between the settings.  That is to say, it wasn't found class A, B and C performed alike?I don't think I should ignore the T Test result b/c a parametric test is always better.  What do you think?Thanks for your help in advance.
SVM vs decision trees in small datasets with batch effects I trained a SVM and a random forest on a biological small data set (binary classification), yielding a solid training performance (ROC of around 0.85 for the 10 times 10-fold CV training). After that I tried to predict an independent test set, which for sure has some batch effects in it. The SVM model worked out quite good for the classification while RF basically failed. I think that SVM did a better job in generalization while RF maybe especially over-learned the characteristics of the batch effects.I would be interested if there is some (scientific) literature available concerning the robustness of SVM when it comes to the robustness towards batch effects / noise, maybe in comparison to RF. This would help me a lot understanding this phenomenom.Thanks in advance.
Multivariate Elastic Net with glmnet I am using glmnet package for elastic net. I'd like to perform variable selection and classification on a 50x41 data set with 3 response variables (one continuous and two categorical), but I have not found any method to perform it. Is that possible? Or should I use another package?  
When to normalize data when using two datasets from the same distribution? Suppose you have two datasets D1 and D2. Both are sampled from the same underlying distribution X. I want to use them to train a neural network. The features are all unsigned integers in range [0; 2^64].Due to the fact that the features are on vastly different scales, I decided to use z-score normalization in conjunction with a sigmoid function. That means that I feed the z-score normalized data to the logistic function to map the features to the [0; 1] range.At this point I am not sure at which point to normalize the data.1.) I use D1 and normalize it with mean_1 and std_dev_1, which are obtained by only considering D1. I repeat the process for D2 and normalize it by using mean_2 and std_dev_2. Then I train the network with the two datasets sequentially.2.) I add D1 and D2 to get a set D3, and normalize it by calculating mean_3 and std_dev_3 over the whole dataset (D1 + D2). Then I train the network with it.2 Questions here: a) Do the two methods lead to similar results? It is especially important to me as D2 may become available later to me than D1 and I have to know if I must retrain the network with the whole dataset.b) When doing inference with the trained network, which parameters do I have to use to normalize the new inputs? So do I have to use mean_3 and std_dev_3 for example?EDIT: I found out that mean and standard deviation of the combination of the two datasets can be calculated from mean and standard deviation of the original ones. That means (in theory) they could be trained sequentially and their distribution parameters could be combined to normate the inputs for inference.
Cliff's Delta in R? I've been playing around in R quite a bit and am looking for a way to compute Cliff's Delta on a set of items from a personality questionnaire between two groups of students (control and experimental)I'm wondering what I would need to do to set up the data. For instance, would it be just a matter of having a set of questions across columns for each group (e.g., Q1_control, Q1_experiment, and so on), and having the id's in the first row, or is it slightly more involved?Any guidance would be greatly appreciated!D.
What to do when the test data set has many \"features\" that are generated by dummfying a categorical variable that are not present in the training set Say you have a variable (in this case industry) that you dummify (one hot encode) hence creating many new features in both the training and test sets for which you are getting ready to run a machine learning model. However, this dummy variable generates by several hundred more variables (features) in the test set then the training set. What should you do?
Statistically prove minimum number of classifiers to classify 12 datasets I'm currently developing neural networks to classify medical images. One dataset contains 2 classes of images (Images which can be used and cannot used). So my model will check whether given image can be used or not.This is a binary classification.Likewise, I have 12 datasets (Each has 2 class images) to classify. All these 12 datasets are similar but not identical. So I thought to make 12 neural networks to perform classifications.But one model might be 2GB in size and having 12 models will arise a storage problem. So I need to find out minimum number of models should I train to evaluate all these 12 datasets.What I didI already trained one neural network for one dataset and use that model to evaluate rest (11 datasets). So, I got 95% of prediction accuracy for 5 datasets and 6 datasets with lower than 90% accuracy.Since I'm dealing with medical images, accuracy of classification should be high like 98%. So I'd like to know the statistical approach to find out the best possible minimum number of models for this? Can I use methods like ROC ? 
How to get cross-validated correlation estimate? I have a logistic regression model trained on an outcome variable $y$ and I want to get an estimate of how good the predicted raw probabilities are in terms of aligning with $y$. I realize that logistic regression probabilities should not be expected to show a linear trend with the outcome variable but I would imagine that if it was well-trained, there might be a strong rank correlation at least.Either way, whether this is a linear or logistic model, what is the best way to assess the correlated strength in a generalizable way? I though about doing 10-fold cross validation and testing the spearman correlation in each fold and averaging those but I don't know if that makes any sense. Is there a better way to do this? Thanks.
FDR correction when a lot of results are expected to be True Positives I have 11 tests and I expect at least half of them to be truly different (I expect that from prior knowledge, there are papers that directly indicate possible difference). But the power of each test is not that big, resulting p-values are not that small:0.0403, 0.0726, 0.0289, 0.6864, 0.003, 0.3539, 0.3753, 0.1256, 0.0292, 0.0858, 0.0024Do I really need a FDR correction in this situation? Can I say that it could be too strict, select all tests that gave a raw p-value less than 0.05 (I am working in the field where people still appreciate this magic 0.05 number) and describe the prior knowledge on why we expect that many positive results?I am not aiming for a lot of positive results, I still have 2 \"significant\" after FDR correction, however, I feel that smth is wrong with applying FDR when I expect a lot of true positive results (but have small power unfortunately).
One Dependent variable and five independent variable? Is GLM appropriate? The aim of this study was to compare body condition using a scaled mass index (SMI) between seven skink sub-populations between time, habitat type, sex and between age class. We predict that skinks living in areas of degraded forest habitat will have a lower SMI than those in less disturbed coastal habitats and that SMI may have changed over time as habitats have become more degraded and disturbed. Additionally, body condition was compared between sex and age classes at each site, which may indicate more vulnerable individuals within the population.My question:- is it appropriate to use GLM. As my independent variable is body condition and independent variables are seven skink sub-populations, time, habitat type, sex, age class.
How to check if a polynomial regression has any predictive value? After fitting the polynomial data to a given curve, how can I check which of the many curves has the most predictive value ?
3-way ANOVA with a significant 2-way interaction. What are my next steps? I have performed a mixed 3 way ANOVA: Group (2 levels) x Factor2 (2 levels) x Factor3 (2 levels).There was no significant 3-way interaction; however, there was a significant 2-way interaction between Group and Factor2.I am confused by the difference between \"main effects\" and \"simple main effects,\" and I am not sure what step to take next to understand the 2-way interaction.Do I need to perform a 2-way ANOVA (Group x Factor2)? Do I need to perform 4 separate tests of some kind?[UPDATE]Here is the procedure I used to run the simple main effects:There was no significant 3 way interaction however there was a significant 2 way interaction of Group*Factor1 and a significant main effect of Factor1.1) Ran through the same menu option as to explore the 3 way and 2 way interactions.  SPSS -> Analyze -> GLM -> Repeated Measures.2) Clicked 'Paste' in the repeated measures window and adjusted the syntax as follows:GLM AccF1_L1 Acc_F1_L2 Acc_F2_L1 AccF2_L2 BY Group  /WSFACTOR=Factor1 2 Polynomial Factor2 2 Polynomial   /EMMEANS=TABLES(Factor1*Group) COMPARE(Group).3) Interpret 'Univariate Tests'4) If any significant simple main effects go on to interpret pairwise comparisons.
What's the definition of \"Dynamic Regression Models\"? I am trying to learn about Dynamic Regression models. However, the sources on the topic is (relatively) few compared to other TS topics, and so I cannot really get a grasp of where to start. I really want to get a specific definition of what a dynamic regression model is. What for example is the difference between an ARIMA model with external regressors and a dynamic regression models?Is it simply a AR distributed lag model with ARMA errors?
Exploring relation between time series I have the below time series data:I want to explore the relationship between dependent variable y and the independent variables x1 and x2.  My aim is not forecasting. Just finding the relationship between these variables and making simulations by changing the dependent variables. I know that, y have some other components too, other than x1 and x2. But it is impossible to find these variables for me. So, I have to do my best using these two dependent variables. The data is monthly data. And it can consist of seasonality. How can I do such an analysis? I don't want an arima model. I mean, I don't want a model which includes dependent variable's lags and error term lags. Which method should I use? Is it enough just to transform these variables into stationarity variables and trying different models to find the best one? I will be very glad for any help. Thanks a lot.Data:period   y        x1          x2201401   184     2.23        3.03<br>201402   194     2.22        3.03<br>201403   200     2.22        3.07<br>201404   201     2.13        2.94<br>201405   184     2.10        2.88<br>201406   204     2.13        2.89<br>201407   199     2.13        2.89<br>201408   200     2.17        2.89<br>201409   197     2.21        2.86<br>201410   194     2.27        2.87<br>201411   196     2.24        2.80<br>201412   191     2.29        2.82<br>201501   208     2.34        2.73<br>201502   203     2.46        2.79<br>201503   212     2.59        2.81<br>201504   199     2.66        2.86<br>201505   200     2.66        2.97<br>201506   193     2.70        3.03<br>201507   200     2.69        2.97<br>201508   206     2.86        3.18<br>201509   219     3.01        3.38<br>201510   222     2.94        3.31<br>201511   233     2.88        3.10<br>201512   242     2.93        3.18<br>201601   262     3.02        3.28<br>201602   260     2.94        3.26<br>201603   254     2.90        3.22<br>201604   238     2.83        3.21<br>201605   241     2.94        3.32<br>201606   242     2.93        3.29<br>201607   263     2.97        3.28<br>201608   238     2.96        3.32<br>201609   247     2.96        3.32<br>201610   250     3.08        3.40<br>201611   267     3.27        3.53<br>201612   262     3.50        3.69<br>201701   302     3.73        3.97<br>201702   286     3.68        3.92<br>201703   275     3.68        3.93<br>201704   284     3.66        3.92<br>201705   294     3.57        3.94<br>201706   288     3.52        3.95<br>201707   288     3.57        4.10<br>201708   301     3.52        4.15<br>201709   300     3.47        4.14<br>201710   306     3.67        4.32<br>201711   307     3.89        4.56<br>201712   322     3.85        4.55<br>201801   324     3.78        4.60<br>201802   331     3.78        4.67<br>201803   310     3.88        4.79<br>201804   317     4.06        4.99<br>201805   330     4.41        5.22<br>201806   360     4.64        5.42<br>201807   354     4.76        5.56   
Correlation between a continous and integer variable I would like to calculate the correlation between two variables. The first variable is continous and represents a performance measure. The second variable is an integer in the range from one to nine and represents an emotional rating of a user.Currently, I'm using Spearmen correlation because neither the the first nor the second variable is normally distributed.Is this correct? Or what correlation measure should be used for an integer variable?
How to use equalities as constrains with constrOptim in R I want to solve a matrix system which have several solutions (infinite since it is overdetermined - 6 equations with 8 unknowns). However, the way I want to do it is to a criterion for the variables, which should be minimized, to find a specific solution. I am working in RMy first through was to use constrOptim in R However, this requires for me to set constraints that are equalities, and not \"larger than or equal to\which is the the default in constrOptim. The problem is essentially that I have a matrix, where I know none of the elements, and I want the the rowSums to have specific values, and the colSums to have specific values. This however, should be done while minimizing criterias that the i,j element divided by the sum of the i'th row, should be as close as possible to the sum of the j'th column divided by the sum of the whole matrix.Does anyone know how I could solve this problem using constrOptim, or by using another function? 
Test statistic for follow up procedure (stepwise step down) of Kruskal Wallis When conducting a Kruskall Wallis test, it is possible to follow up the procedure with a post hoc test, looking for homogeneous subsets. My question is which statistic is used to perform this procedure (e.g., is it Chi-Square, z, or the original H)?
Sample size calculation for elastic net regression I am using elastic net regression to investigate the effect of preditors on the response variable while accounting for multicollinearity among the predictors. But I wish to perform a sample size calculation in advance. I cannot find relevant materials on this issue. Is it fine to do sample size calculation based on multiple linear regression? Will elastic net regression require less or more samples compared with multiple linear regression given the same data? Anyway, I wish to know how to do sample size calculation for elastic net regression.
Special Case Probability Suppose there exists an ideal system in which you have perfect data 100% c.i. This data tells you that the price of gasoline will move a distance (not displacement) of +/- 10% in the next 7 calendar days with a 70% probability.On day 1 the price of gasoline is $1.00.In the following days from 1-6 the price is in flux and arrives at precisely $1.00 on day 6. Your data tells you that gasoline will move a distance of +/- 3% in 1 day with 70% probability. Are both of these probabilities still valid? The 7 day and the 1 day? If yes, is there any edge that can be calculated when these special cases present themselves. Have the 7 day odds changed and is there less than a 70% chance of the +/- 10% move happening in one day? If so, please explain how/why to calculate these changes.What type of statistical analysis is this? I don't even know what to research to learn more about this - this would be quite helpful for my future education in this area.Please explain this at the level of basic statistics, as my education in statistics is not advanced in any way. Thank you. 
What is the difference between Silhouette Index vs Dunn Index vs Davies-Bouldin Index I would like to know whether there is any condition that using one cluster evaluation methods (Dunn, Silhouette, Davies-Bouldin) is better than others. I didn't find anything online or inside books, except a short descriptions that Dunn index is good for non-convex shaped clusters, but didn't find a proper justification for this claim.
unsupervised classification VS supervised classification when data labels are known Can someone give me some scenario where it's better to use clustering (unsupervised classification) than supervised classification such as SVM ? I mean in a case where you know the data labels/classes.
test if two linear fits are different I have time-dependent data from experiments done by two different labs. Lab1 has measurements at 60 different time-points. Lab2 has measurements at 40 different time-points (within the same range as Lab1 but not exactly the same time-points). I fitted the splines for data from Lab1 and Lab2. The curves look very similar. I would like to test if the fits/data are significantly different. I would like to answer the question if the difference between the results from both labs is statistically significant. What type of test I should use?      
Can we add a new class to SVM? Consider we have a binary SVM classifier, classifying event A and event B and we want to add another class (or more) say event C, to our SVM. Can we add C without using the training data of event A and B. Generally SVM is binary classifier so to use for more than one class we can use \"1-against-the rest\" or \"1-against-1.\" For either of this method can I use only data from training of event C and the earlier SVM parameters of A and B, without data of A and B for training.In my opinion we cannot train SVM with learned parameters alone we need data from A and B as well. The question is: is it true? I am looking for an article or mathematical reason? 
When is bootstrapping helpful and used? When is bootstrapping helpful and when should it be used? I have watched several videos so I understand what bootstrapping does (samples with replacement from a single sample many times and create a bootstrapped sampling distribution). If we are interested in means or difference in means, I understand that a t-test can be used and bootstrapping should be used for more unusual measures like medians (eg. median home price) or proportions (eg. proportion of voters that vote for a given party). To pinpoint why exactly bootstrapping is used for these cases, is it because a t-distribution does not accurately capture the distribution of the median home prices or proportion of voters? I have seen examples that use hypothesis testing and CIs for a proportion without using bootstrapping, so I wanted to clarify my understanding of why and when to use it.
Statistical methods for analyzing results of preference study I've chosen to compare the results of three different machine-learning models outputting the mouth animation of a talking 3D model for my thesis using a user preference study.Users will see two videos at a time, each from one of the models, and indicate which they think look the most natural, or if they are neutral. The videos are synchronized. For each user, one comparison will be made for each sentence (out of a set of sentences) and for each pair of models to be compared.Now, I could arrange the data as simply A vs. B, B vs. C, and A vs. C. Then, let's say A was preferred a majority of the time over B (a majority out of a total of sentences*subjects comparisons between them). What test should I use to see if this is statistically significant? Could I even just compare them all at the same time by treating the \"wins\" as \"points\" to get three sums or means representing \"scores\" and then use a repeated measures ANOVA followed by e.g. Tukey HSD?A lot of methods (Tukey's HSD, Student's t-test...) have the assumption that the score in A needs to be independent to the score in B, but since this is a preference study, they aren't really independent, right? E.g. if there's a total of 20 un-neutral comparisons, if A wins 15, then B wins 5.I would greatly appreciate any insight!
How do I learn when to apply which statistical distributions? I am learning Bayesian modeling and having trouble keeping straight when it is most appropriate to apply the various statistical distributions beyond the basic ones like the beta, binomial, and Gaussian. Are there resources out there that provide overviews of the practical applications of various distributions, in particular less commonly used ones? I am aware of the 2011 by Catherine Forbes et al., which does a great job of presenting the mathematical properties of the various statistical distribution, but I want something that helps me with application. I would appreciate any references to books, articles, or websites. 
Creating a tolerance range for measuring performance Apologies for my ignorance, I've been trying to find an answer to my question but I think my understanding of statistical analysis is so rudimentary it has been confusing.I want to use a statistical method to determine what is an acceptable range of performance variance (actual vs forecast) for different products we forecast, modifying the acceptable range for different variables such as time of year, day of the week etc. I know I can use all types of variance modelling to determine what variables contribute to variances in forecast and are therefore significant. Do these models also assist in determining what are acceptable ranges of 'tolerance'? Is that what confidence intervals are? Thanks in advance.
Regression as a way to determine variable importance At my work, we employ a nearest neighbor algorithm to classify records.  Part of this process, of course, includes determining which features to use as auxiliary information in the algorithm.  Also, we allow the features we select to be weighted so that more important features have higher weight in the distance calculation.When it comes to selecting which features to use and how to weight them, the first thought my colleagues often have is to run a regression on the variable of interest using the auxiliary information and then use the coefficients and/or the p-values obtained from that regression to decide which features and their weights to use in the nearest neighbor algorithm.  My initial thought is that this method is probably not the best way to go about it, but I can't come up with any concrete reasons against it other than saying that what features may work well in the regression context may not work well in the nearest neighbor context.  Does anyone have any thoughts on the validity of this method?  Is it an appropriate feature selection method or am I correct in thinking that it is not the best way?
Cross Validation benefits LOOCV v.s K-Fold I understand Cross Validation is used to parameter tuning and finding the machine learning model that will generalize well on the test data/Leave one out cross validation: One data point is left out (validation) and trained on rest of the data points. This is done iteratively and then results are averaged out. But how do we find the best model when the results are average out ? K-Fold we say K = 5 , 4 fold data is trained on and 1 fold data is validated and the results again are average out. Again how do we know which is the best model here ? Or do we choose a hyper parameter and do K-Fold here to see best hyper parameter in the model ? Lastly, what is the difference between grid search CV and K-Fold ?
RNN for Sequential Data I am working with data that requires classifying if a patient will develop cancer or not in the future, based on medical tests done over time. The tests have a sequential relationship. A, then B, then C, etc. For example:| Patient ID | Test ID | RBC Count | WBC Count | Label| 1          | A       | 4.2        | 7000     | 0| 1          | B       | 5.3        | 12000    | 0| 1          | C       | 2.4        | 15000    | 1| 2          | A       | 7.6        | 8000     | 0| 2          | A       | 7.4        | 7500     | 0Each point is not taken at a regular time interval, so this may not be considered a time-series data. I have tried to aggregate features and use ensemble methods like Random Forests. Can I apply RNN? If so, how? Or other methodologies?
Type of studies reviewed in meta-analysis of proportion What types of studies are reviewed for meta-analysis of proportions? For example can I included case-control studies and collect data of number of events from the total cases? 
checking the equality of variances when we have very small data sets I have two groups with very small sample sizes. Each group has around 6 observations. I was wondering which test I can use in order to check the quality of variances? Is there any cutoff value in order to compare the variances?
Converting shape into polygons in R How can I convert shape to polygons in R. There was such an option \"shape2poly\" a few years ago but now its removed. Any ideas ? 
Goodness of fit test What is the intuition behind pooling frequencies that are less than five in a Chi-squared goodness of fit test?Even though I have been told that it is not used in industries today, the concept is still taught at the undergraduate level. And is incorporated in every question and practical of goodness of fit test that we solve. However I have never come across any convincing explanation either intuitively or mathematically as to why we do so. Can you help me on this?
Why does $[0,1]$ scaling dramatically increase training time for feed forward ANN (1 hidden layer)? I am using an ANN for classification. My covariates are the relative lagged returns for gold, SPX and Oil. When i do not scale my inputs between 0 and 1 I achieve a fast training time. however after scaling my training time increases dramatically, sometimes 40 fold.My accuracy is also better when inputs are not scaled. I cant seem to find any reason for this online. Has anyone got any ideas? 
I am learning to do stacking. I want to know what will the input be to level 2 classifiers In classification/regression problems, say if we use five different base classifiers, we get 5 predictions for each example. What would be the input to the second level classifiers?
How to quantify improvements in business process? I'm not sure how to ask this question, so please forgive if I'm vague. I'm new to DS and don't speak the language yet. :)Business process A (bpA) assigns accounts to handlers based on existing logic.Business process B (bpB) uses ML to assign accounts based on better logic, but I'm not sure how much better.I have a pool of data stretching back a few years, which I take as my baseline. This is entirely based on bpA, the \"old\" way. I train and run my model to get bpB recommendations. I look at the list of recommendations and ask, \"where did bpA do what bpB recommended?\" That's my first bucket. Everything else, where we did NOT do what bpB recommended, get tossed into the second bucket. Then I look at the average success rate -- bucket 1 might have an average success rate of 75%, while bucket 2 might have an average success rate of 65%. The easy answer is to say, \"10% improvement\". I suspect that this is not the correct answer, though. Where should I be looking? What should I be reading? Thanks!
The expectation of the $K^{th}$ raw moment of $X$ given $X$: $E(X^k|X)$ Intuitively I believe $E(X^k|X)=X^k$, $k$ is a non-negative integer. One obvious special case is when $k=1$. Anyone has an idea how to prove it? 
Intuition behind word vector representations How is it possible for a vector space to represent words so that it is coincident to our intuition of words? What does the orthogonality concept in such a space mean precisely?I think we can present so many vector models. However, none of them is coincident with our semantic understanding and our intuition of words or other linguistic terms we routinely use. If we simply present the vector space by assigning a dimension to each new word, I simply can ask what orthogonal or parallel words mean or what the distance between words exactly are.
If A is distributed uniformly on [8,10] and B on [9,11], what is the probability that B<A? I was asked this question in an interview, and did not initially answer correctly though I still think my interpretation may have been the correct one. The question was:<blockquote>  There are two delivery trucks, A and B. A makes deliveries between 8am and 10am, and B makes deliveries between 9am and 11am. The deliveries are uniformly distributed for both. What is the probability that any given delivery from B will take place before any delivery from A?</blockquote>What is your answer, and why?
ValueError: Requesting 3-fold cross-validation but provided less than 3 examples for at least one class. Any way to get away with this? I am trying to perform multiclass classification on a 10 class dataset with around 650 data points. But whenever trying to run the code, it gives the above-mentioned error. Although, I understand what does it mean but is there any way to get away with this?
What does global structure refers to in deep neural nets? In deep learning book (8th chapter, section 8.2.7), while explaining the challenges in neural nets optimization, the authors argued that currently researchers are focusing on finding the good initial points of parameters. They wrote that:<blockquote>  Many existing research directions are aimed at finding good initial points for  problems that have difficult global structure, rather than at developing algorithms that use nonlocal moves.</blockquote>I do not understand what does it mean by difficult global structure? How can we evaluate if the problem that neural nets are going to solve have difficult global structure? Moreover, I do not understand what do they mean by 'developing algorithms that use nonlocal moves'? 
Methods for feature elimination of categorical variables? I have a dataset with 56 columns, 4 numeric and the target variable which is also numeric. I am trying to eliminate some of the categorical variables from my model and wanted to get some understanding of the methodologies to do that.I am currently working in R, which is somewhat new to me.Any help would be great!Edit: I would like to eliminate some variables to increase my models performance. While the model is not performing poorly, I believe the model can perform better than it is now. Some of the variables I can take a look at and know right off the bat that this is something that I can remove. But, I would like to show proof that this is not an informative predictors.Edit2: Here is information about my dataset.Out of the columns that are categorical, there are roughly 5 variables that have levels greater than 2. My goal is essentially to remove variables that are the least informative to my model. My model is a regression model to predict the sale price of something. Using accuracy as a metric, I want to have the most accurate model and remove predictors (both numeric and categorical) that are not conducive to the predicting accuracy of my model.In removing categorical variables, I would be removing the entire variable, not particular levels.
Measuring change over time using panel data I have just started my first job out of university, and my first assignment is to measure change in grades over time for a group of students. Since this is my very first job, I really want to do a great job, but since no one at my job is familiar with panel data, I need some help. I have spent the day searching all over the internet but haven't found what I am looking for, and therefore I am now asking for your help.My data consist of approximately 100 students who attends a special kind of school due to a variety of problems. Over a course of a year the students are being tested three times to establish if they are are actually learning anything. My job is to test whether the students are improving, and if they are by how much. I do know how to test whether the students are improving, but what regression model should I use in testing how much the students are improving over time? My own guess is just to use OLS, but is that the correct model to use when working with panel data? I feel like, this should be really simple, but my brain just isn't working correctly...
Probability distribution over items belonging to a subset of boxes I am trying to find a probability distribution that would help me answer the following question:I have N different boxes and K different items. For each item, I have a probability distribution over the N boxes. The probability distributions for each item are different and independent. Given a subset of M boxes (M &lt;= N), what is the probability that all K items a) belong only to the subset of M boxes and b) each box in the subset has at least one item.Thank you.
Feedforward Nets, RNNs, and LSTMs Theory It is my understanding that feed-forward neural nets learn by backpropegating the error from comparing an outcome to the ground truth. How is this process not 'recurrent', as in recurrent nets, data is passed backwards through the model right? What is the difference between feed-forward nets and recurrent nets?In addition, how do LSTM units play a role in recurrent nets? It is my understanding that LSTM cells 'remember' values over arbitrary time intervals, and the gates regulate the flow of data. But what exactly are these cells? Are they separate from the nodes of a recurrent net? And how do gates regulate the flow of data? Does this mean that some data skips passing over certain nodes?
NLP various probabilities estimators in nltk I saw there are many types of probabilities in nltk:MLE, ELE, Laplace, Heldout, KnereserNey, Lidstone, Random, WittenBel..What is the exact difference between them and when should I use each?My goal is to get the entropy of a specific sentence from the vector of probabilities. For example, once trained on a specific model, I want to compare the entropy of \"The computer is on the desk\" and \"The pen is black and old\to know which one is more likely.Thanks!
Which statistical test would you suggest I use? I'll try to keep my question as short as I can:For my study I will include 30-40 patients. For each patient, I will already have retrospective data for creatinine, a substance found in urine and blood.I will look at the variance in the retrospective creatinine measurements. So for example they might have had 3 urine creatinine measurements in the past: 9,2 ; 6,8 and 8,0. I will apply an intervention to each patient, in the hope to reduce the variance of these values. (for example post-study it would then be 9,2 ; 8,9 and 9,0). So the setup is pre- and post intervention. The goal is to see whether the intervention decreased the variance in found values pre-post. I also want to measure the variance within group. After a lot of (confusing) research I am considering taking the standard deviation of the pre and post values, and then employing a paired T-test. I'm not sure if thats a good way to do it, what is your opinion?  The substance is normally distributed.Your thoughts would be very much appreciated.Regards, Daniel
Is it class imbalance? Test set gives very high proportion of a class which was in minority in train set I want to investigate why am I seeing the below described phenomena. I welcome all the logical explanation which might hint towards what is happening.So I have a dataset which contains two classes:01So its a basic binary classification. I have used algorithms such as:Logistic RegressionDecision TreeRandom ForestGradient BoostingI did a train-test split just to see if my model is overfitting or not. The train data contains class 0 which is 85% of the data and class 1 which is 15%. The train accuracy I achieved is about 90% and the test accuracy is about 89%.But when I am predicting it on real-test set, I am getting weird proposition of classes. I was expecting class 0 and class 1 proportion to be around what it was in train set that is 85% to 15% or nearby. But after predictive modelling I am getting the ratio as 60%:40% for class 0 and class 1.Now I know for a fact that the proportion cannot be that much as the data which I am classifying cannot have class 1 so high. I have tried thinking of what could be the reason but cannot come up with anything. Since its a test set I cannot verify it, but only assume that what I am getting is right. I am confused whether to use this analysis or not. If anyone can please shed some light on what am I doing wrong, would be great. Please dont criticize my post as I tried explaining it to my best ability.  EDIT:Also, one point to add here is, different algorithm such as logistic, random forest etc I am getting different proportions. For ex Decision tree is giving me 30 % Class 1, Logistic is inflating it to 66 %, Random is giving 40%. EDIT 2:I tired something new. So I had 5 independent variables which i was using to predict. I tried removing 1 of them and then the class proportion went from 60% to 10%, something what it should be. I did random removals and every time the proportion changes where as the accuracy for train and validation remains the same. Why is this happening ? 
Does a Bayesian interpretation exist for REML? Is a Bayesian interpretation of REML available? To my intuition, REML bears a strong likeness to so-called empirical Bayes estimation procedures, and I wonder if some kind of asymptotic equivalence (under some suitable class of priors, say) has been demonstrated. Both empirical Bayes and REML seem like 'compromised' estimation approaches undertaken in the face of nuisance parameters, for example.Mainly, what I seek by this question is the high-level insight that these sorts of arguments tend to yield. Of course, if an argument of this nature for some reason cannot usefully be pursued for REML, an explanation for why this is so would also deliver welcome insight! 
Post hoc testing without initial ANOVA I am comparing the response to a drug under five different conditions. The textbook instruction is to perform a one-way ANOVA followed by a post hoc test if necessary.The P value from an ANOVA is borderline (0.056), however, my data does not fit the criteria for an ANOVA, as the within-group variation varies greatly between groups. Is it acceptable to perform a post hoc test (in my case, t-tests with a multiple comparison adjustment such as Benjamini-Hockberg would seem appropriate) without doing an ANOVA? If so, why does anyone bother with ANOVAs in the age of computers, when multiple corrected tests can be performed so easily?
User behavior prediction using LSTMs Let a user U with 3 possible states: A, B and C. From A you can go everywhere (including A), from B or C you can only go to A. LSTM are a good to model Markov-problems with an extra notion of long term memory across steps.But if I understand right, we need to have one model per user ? So how does the training looks like ? 
How to determine if two categorical variables are dependent while controlling for a 3rd categorical? I have 3 categorical variables: country, gender, and liked (whether the user liked the content or not). Using Chi-squared I see that 'liked' is dependent on country, that 'liked' is dependent on gender, and gender is dependent on country (ran chi-square separately on each pair of these variables and p was &lt; 0.05). I want to check whether gender is a proxy to country - so essentially whether the graph is country->gender->liked or whether country impacts both the gender and has a direct effect on 'liked'. What test can I run to see if liked is independent of country when controlling for gender? (again the 3 variables are categorical) 
Visualize categorical data for two variables for 20 observations I have several thousand records. In these records, there are three fields of interest:Location - 20 possible choicesRace - 5 possible choicesPurchase type - 3 possible choicesI want to show the count of the possible combinations for each location on a single graphic. For example, Location 1 will have 15 possible choices (three purchase types for each of the five race choices) and the first choice might be a count of 23 observations for (1) Citytown (2) Black (3) New Purchase. The next data point could be 14 observations of (1) Citytown (2) Black (3) Rehabbed Purchase. And so on and so forth.I realize this is 300 points to put on a graphic which may be asking a lot.How can I put all of this information on a single graphic?
Should I learn R for a project? I am in charge of an academic research project, building predictive models based on clinical data from multiple longitudinal cohorts of diseased patients. The total number of patients and controls (over all cohorts) is about 1500. Each patient has multiple visits. In total there are around 100-400 items for each patient. I have 8-15 months to complete the project.I have no experience with statistics or R. I have a PhD in another area of applied math and know Matlab. The question: is this a good opportunity to learn R? Will learning R help me get through this project or will it be a source of frustration?Some considerations:I know I will enjoy learning R  It's a skill that may/may not benefit me in the futureIt does not matter what I leave behind in terms of code etcThe output of the project is a publicationIt is fine if progress is slow to begin with
Is it ok to do parameter tuning after cross validation? I am thinking of using cross validation to select the best algorithm (e.g. SVMs, Random Forest), and then doing parameter tuning on the selected algorithm to build a model.Is it acceptable and how it is different from nested cross validation, where both parameter tuning and performance evaluation are done before building a model?
What is the difference between the study of Evolutionary algorithm vs. Optimization? I have a course named \"Evolutionary Algorithm\". But, our teacher is always mentioning the word \"Optimization\" in his lectures.I am confused. Is he actually teaching Optimization? If yes, why is the name of the course not \"Optimization\"?What is the difference between the study of Evolutionary algorithm and Optimization?
Is my model a good fit? I am being tortured with the following problem...I have a set of crude mortality rates for ages 0 to 60. Let's call them Observed Rates.I use a smoothing technique (cubic spline regression) on the crude mortality rates and so smoothed mortality rates are produced for ages 0 to 60. Let's call them Estimated Rates.I want to know whether the Estimated Rates are a good representation of the Observed Rates. I have calculated the R-square, however I am also looking to confirm this with a statistical test.Could wilcoxon signed rank test work for my case?
causality testing with multiple variables I am interested in a method to test causality in the following setup: time series are measured from X1,...,Xn and I want to quantify with a single number the degree to wich this gives information about time series Y1,....,Ym.Do there exist methods to test causality with multiple variables in this sense?
Find the peak of probability 30 If probability is P=1/3 and N=100, what is the probability you succeed 30 times? where does this P30 fall in the curve? I don't have mean or standard deviation to calculate the height of the point!
How to get any quantiles given median value and margin of error? I am trying to get the values of the 25th and 75th quantile of the population based on two values that summarizes the samples:median value90 percent margin of errorI don't have any other information including the sample size, standard error, etc.. And I think it 's safe to assume the samples were drawn from a normal distribution.The 90 percent margin of error in the original document is described as follows:<blockquote>  The degree of uncertainty for an estimate arising from sampling variability is represented through the use of a margin of error. The value shown here is the 90 percent margin of error. The margin of error can be interpreted roughly as providing a 90 percent probability that the interval defined by the estimate minus the margin of error and the estimate plus the margin of error (the lower and upper confidence bounds) contains the true value. </blockquote>Edit: added the description of the margin of error to clarify the question.
How to get any quantiles given median value and margin of error? I am trying to get the values of the 25th and 75th quantile of the population based on two values that summarizes the samples:median value90 percent margin of errorI don't have any other information including the sample size, standard error, etc.. And I think it 's safe to assume the samples were drawn from a normal distribution.The 90 percent margin of error in the original document is described as follows:<blockquote>  The degree of uncertainty for an estimate arising from sampling variability is represented through the use of a margin of error. The value shown here is the 90 percent margin of error. The margin of error can be interpreted roughly as providing a 90 percent probability that the interval defined by the estimate minus the margin of error and the estimate plus the margin of error (the lower and upper confidence bounds) contains the true value. </blockquote>Edit: added the description of the margin of error to clarify the question.
State-of-the-art algorithms for the training of neural networks with GRU or LSTM units I recently read a lot about neural networks using GRU or LSTM units. There are many easy to use frameworks like tensorflow that do not even require high knowledge about programming. Unfortunately, I never really found good information on how the training of those networks work. Simple backpropagation might probably not work for gated recurrent networks or is just too inefficient for networks with such a high number of variables to learn.So my question is: What are the state-of-the-art algorithms used for the initialization and training of neural networks with GRU or LSTM units? I am not looking for frameworks to use, but for initialization and update equations for the internal parameters.
Do you need to calculate sample size to evaluate a new diagnostic test? I am writing a grant application which will be evaluating a new diagnostic test. The test will predict whether a patient with lung fibrosis will remain stable or progress. I am using an existing cohort of patients with lung fibrosis to test this new diagnostic test. I was planning on reporting the results of the diagnostic test as AUC and sensitivity and specificity. The cohort has 308 patients. 155 are known to have developed progressive disease153 are known to have remained stableBased on previous studies, I would expect the diagnostic test to achieve an AUC of at least 0.75 (80% power (\u03b1=0.05))I have been told that I may be asked at interview about power calculations and sample sizes. I have a few questions:Although this would be a post-hoc sample calculation, does it even make sense to do a power calculation. Would the question \"is the population adequately powered to allow an AUC of 0.75?\" be a valid question to ask?I apologise for this very basic question, but I am having great difficulty getting a straight answer (perhaps because my question is incorrect?)
Paired t-test or repeated measurement I am designing RCT in the same patient (treatment on one side of the face and control on the contralateral side of the face)The RCT will be 1 month long with measurements happening at 2 and 4 week postoperatively. I am interested in differences between treatment and control sides at each time follow up.I am not sure whether a simple paired t-test for or a repeated measure ANOVA would be more appropriate.Thankyou
Why are effect size estimates difficult in mixed-effects models? I have been reading a lot online about estimating standardised effect sizes in mixed effects models and it seems like there are formidable challenges even for something relatively broad like an R^2, let alone for contrasts. What is a simple explanation (that I could supply to a reviewer) for why effects sizes are so challenging to perform in these more complex models?
Time Series Analysis and Classification I need to classify data that changes over time. A good example is stock prices. My problem is that stock prices examples are trying to predict the next price and I need to classify the data.I looked at text classifiers but they are based on human text.Another example is credit score classification in which the data is income and expenses of people. The target is to classify the data to groups. It can be reinforces learning as each sample belongs to a woman/man/couple/young/aged, etc. Or it can be that the classifier finds new classes.So can anyone help with a code example/references on how to classify data that changes over time? 
R : Which method should I choose for correlation analysis of between two dichotomous variables? and How to? data example : variable a{1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0}               variable b{0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1}can I use spearman method for this analysis?
Could a mismatch between loss functions used for fitting vs. tuning parameter selection be justified? Could it make sense (and if so, under what circumstances) to define a penalized estimator based on one loss function but then select its tuning parameter (say, via cross validation) based on another loss function?<br>For example, take vanilla LASSO and use MAE (as opposed to MSE) in cross validation to select the optimal tuning parameter; or take a penalized quantile regression at the median and use MSE (as opposed to MAE) in cross validation?<br>I am trying to imagine a situation where this would be a logical or optimal (in some sense) thing to do. The modelling goal could be prediction, identification of the true data generating process, or yet something else; I am interested in any application that would be sensible. What I am not asking about is matching the type of penalty (say, $L_1$ for LASSO, $L_2$ for ridge, etc.) with the type of loss function used to assess model performance (MAE, MSE, etc.). 
Suitable project for reinforcement learning To get more insight in reinforcement learning I'm looking for a project for. I thought about the game connect four. Doing some research about existing works with RL and connect four I found out that there are plenty other ways to teach a computer this game. That was to be expected. So the question arises as to whether RL might be a bad idea or even an overkill. If similar or better results can be achieved in an hour with simpler/ more common approaches like decision trees or MLP, I'd rather not continue with this project. If I could at least beat simpler approaches, I think I'd try. Another question is how much work this task requires. Of course this depends strongly on the knowledge of RL. I have basic knowledge of general Machine Learning and common Deep Learning approaches. Are we speaking about hours, days weeks or even months to set up such a model and train it?
Suitable project for reinforcement learning To get more insight in reinforcement learning I'm looking for a project for. I thought about the game connect four. Doing some research about existing works with RL and connect four I found out that there are plenty other ways to teach a computer this game. That was to be expected. So the question arises as to whether RL might be a bad idea or even an overkill. If similar or better results can be achieved in an hour with simpler/ more common approaches like decision trees or MLP, I'd rather not continue with this project. If I could at least beat simpler approaches, I think I'd try. Another question is how much work this task requires. Of course this depends strongly on the knowledge of RL. I have basic knowledge of general Machine Learning and common Deep Learning approaches. Are we speaking about hours, days weeks or even months to set up such a model and train it?
How to fit trainted model on test dataset in arfima() implementation I am using arfima function (arfima package 1.6-8 version) for forecasting the future requests workload on the server. I split my dataset into training and test datasets. I trained my model on training dataset for forecasting future requests values. Now, i want to fit this model on test dataset. I didn't find any method for this purpose in the arfima package document. I request you to provides information about how can i fit the trainted model on test data set.Thanking You
Tobit model with flexible censoring point in R I am currently writing my MSc thesis and I am using a Tobit model.My data consists of fleet and sales data. The censored dependent variable is quantity and this quantity is higher than the fleet number. However, this fleet number differs for every line. I found that I could use the crch package in R and use the fleet numbers as a right censoring point. Or I think I can use that.But I am wondering, is there also another option to estimate the regression with a changing number as censoring point?Thanks in advance!
Binary predictor with highly skewed distribution I am running a linear regression model and I have a binary predictor that has a highly skewed distribution. For example, one category represents 96% of the data. In terms of frequency, the other 4% represents 26 observations. Should I keep/remove this binary predictor variable? And, what is the rationale for doing so? Thank you in advance!
Feature importance in random forest I need to know how feature importance in python adds up to 100. I have read other answers in stack overflow but could not get what I needed. Can anyone explain how feature importance in python sums up to 100?
Multilevel models - Which level should the random effects enter on? I am currently studying the effect that a pollutant has on plant growth. The plants come from a few different regions, and it is assumed that plants from the same region share more in common than plants from different regions. Furthermore, from each region we sample a few plants and then take measurements relating to time on them. This means that the repeated measurements from the plants also introduce dependence in the data.We thus have a multilevel model problem, where plants are nested in regions and also repeated measurements are taken for each plant. (Think of it as one measurement per year per plant.) Furthermore, we have region specific variables (levels of the pollutant, rainfall, temperature, etc) that, within a given year, are shared between all plants in a region. It is the effect of such a region level pollutant on the (individual level) plant growth that is the main interest.Now, I have read that a good practice is to keep the model maximal when it comes to specifying random effects in linear mixed models (Barr et al. 2013), but I am unsure how to apply this to multilevel models. Should I introduce the random slopes on the individual plant level? Or should they be on the region level since that's the level the variables are measured on? Or perhaps on both?Specifying a full model on all levels leads to convergence issues (as does specifying a full model on any of the levels), so a truly full model is not an option.Thankful for advice and/or references to articles where the topic is discussed. ReferencesBarr, D. J., Levy, R., Scheepers, C., &amp; Tily, H. J. (2013). Random effects structure for confirmatory hypothesis testing: Keep it maximal. Journal of memory and language, 68(3): 255-278.
Will VECM handle multiple seasons? I have two questions:Since VAR (vector autoregression) will not handle seasonality and trend. VECM comes into play which can handle season as well as trend. I had a doubt whether it will handle multiple seasons or not?Is there any other method to handle multiple seasonality in multivariate time series?
Knn Decision boundary I am new to machine learning and trying to draw decision boundary for k nearest neighbor where k=3. I know that the decision boundary for k=1 would be the perpendicular bisector between two different classes. But how do I draw the decision boundary for k>=3. 
Testing if two distributions have the same mean by using a sample distribution ORIGINAL Phrasing: Let's say I have a population distribution, A. For example, this could be the distribution of the maximum height (not the current height) that someone will reach during their life. Let's say A only contains data for people born in 1900 and 1901.Now imagine a subpopulation of this distribution, B. This distribution may or may not have the same statistics as A - I don't know. For example, B might be all of the Males in A, which might have a higher mean. Or it might be all of the people born in 1900, which I would not expect to be very different from A in terms of statistics.Now let's say I draw a random sample from A such that it contains only members of B. So for example either all males, or all people born in 1900. It's assumed that I don't know everyone's gender or birth year in A, so I can't actually construct B and look at it.How can I use my sample to determine if B's statistics (e.g. mean) differ from A? It seems like standard C.I. / p-value approaches can work. But at the same time I'm not sure, because the random sample of B may by chance not be representative of B, especially if the sample is small. In other words, B itself may have its own (different) variance and mean than the sample. So for example, if I did have B, I could compute C.I. with its statistics to determine if its mean is the same as A, but the C.I. computed from the sample will be different than those computed from B itself. And then there's the fact that B itself is also a subset of A.Am I overthinking things? Are standard C.I. / p-value approaches sufficient?EDITED Phrasing:  Let's say I have a population distribution, A with size NA = 1000000.  For example, this could be the distribution of the maximum height (not the current height) that someone will reach during their life.  Let's say A only contains data for people born in 1890 through 1910.  We don't actually have the birth year for any person, but we know it is in that range.In theory, there is therefore a subpopulation, B, with size NB, of all people in A born in 1890, but this population cannot be observed, and NB is not known.  Now someone comes along and labels NC = 1000 people as being born in 1890.  We'll consider these people sample C. He says that they were randomly selected from the NB people in B to be labeled (somehow, this person knew everyone who belonged in B, even though I don't).  So far these are the ONLY people whose birth years I know. Can we determine if B's heights are different from the total population A using the sample C, and put confidence on that?  As a secondary followup, what if I can't assume that C is a random sample from B?  What if someone just gives me a bunch of 1890 labels but I'm not sure whether that was randomly done or not? My concerns are that there's two types of error going on.  The error in B itself when comparing its mean to that of A, which I can't really observe, and the error in the fact that C, even if randomly sampled, can be a bad sample of B.The other issue is that C (and B also) is part of A, so in comparing C to A, there's duplicate observations that belong to both distributions.Am I overthinking things?  Are standard C.I. / p-value approaches sufficient?
Number of states in Reinforcement Learning I'm having trouble understanding the concept of states in RL. The Policy maps an action to a state. I'm thinking about the state as clearly defined situation. E.g. in connect four assuming a 8x8 grid, there would be $2^{64}$ possible states. (Actually $3^{64}$ since every field can be red yellow or empty...) Finding a policy for all of those states sure works, but is definitely not RL. This would be memorizing.How can one imagine a state e.g. in the case of connect four?More complex RL applications like Mari/o even use CNN. They are observing the game to know which state they're in. Since in this CNN pooling isn't used there will be something like 800x800 RGB pixels... My idea of a state clearly defined by its pixel has definitely to be wrong.
Bridge Hand Probabilities Each of the 4 players in the game of bridge get dealt 13 cards. One player and his partner can see they hold 8 of the heart cards so they know that the 2 remaining hands they can't see hold the remaining 5 heart cards. What is the probability that the hearts are split 0:5 among the other 2 players?If these other 2 players are called A and B, is it correct to treat each heart card as a Bernoulli trial and the probability for each one that player A has it is 0.5. Then a 0:5 split would be $2$ x $0.5^5$ since either player A or player B could be the one with all 5 hearts. Am I right in thinking this or is there more going on?
Are RNNs inherently flawed? Supervised Learning assumes IID data but sequential data is not IID From what I understand, Supervised Learning operates under the assumption that the data is I.I.D. It seems to me that the training procedure for RNNs is flawed. We receive observations in a sequential format -- this condradicts the assumption of IID -- that is, observations are temporally dependent on one another. Therefore, it seems to me that RNNs are flawed learning procedures. Am  I correct in my reasoning?
Question regarding machine learning models in production for example, i have a feature with 5 distinct values and once one hot encoded this becomes 5 columns, but lets say the data that needs to be predicted has 4 distinct values, the neural network won't accept the data as it is not in the right dimensions.How do I go about solving this issue? would I use a label encoder instead of one hot encoding?Thanks for your help.Update:I realised my mistake i one hot encoded a feature that is not categorical in nature. parch Number of Parents/Children Aboard --- which makes sense that the test data can contain less or more values in the feature leading to issues when one hot encoding.
Measure spread of non normal distribution? I have sentiment data for customer reviews drawn from a larger population of reviews. Each product has a number of customer reviews. Each review has a sentiment (opinion/feeling) between 0 and 1 where 0 is very negative and 1 is very positive. Customers seldom write reviews when one is indifferent. They are either positive or negative. So the distribution of sentiments is not normal but more bimodal with some skew to the middle, so there are lots of negative reviews and lots of positive reviews but not much in the middle. How can I measure the spread of data and compare them between different products? For example, a product can have a mean sentiment of 0.8 when it has most reviews around that value. Another product can also have a mean of 0.8 but have wildly positive reviews and some very negative. The latter product would have a larger spread of the sentiment. The products with the largest spread of sentiments is likely marketed wrongly, so it would be important to identify them: people may buy them and think they will do something it doesn't. I assume standard deviation is out of the picture since the distribution isn't normal or t-distributed. Are there other measures of spread for this kind of bimodal distribution?
Probability of a measurement with uncertainty covariance being generated by a normal distribution I have the following situation:A set of Kalman filters with the same model, each with its owncurrent estimated state and state covariance.A measurement with a covariance matrix expressing its uncertainty.And the following problem:I want to decide to which KF to assign the measurement based on the likelihood of the measurement being generated by the random distribution, represented by the current state and state covariance of the KF.I know about the Mahalanobis distance, but that doesn't take into account uncertainty covariance of the measurement, only covariance of the random distribution.I also know about the Bhattacharyya distance, but if I understand it correctly, that measures the similarity of two random distributions, and I'm not sure if that's the same thing as what I want to do.Is there a way to calculate the likelihood of a measurement with a known uncertainty covariance matrix being generated by a random distribution?If possible, can you suggest a better metric to decide to which KF to assign the measurement?Thank you.
How k-means computes cluster centroids differently for each distance metric? K-means computes cluster centroids differently for each distance metric. I don't know why the way of computing the centroid is dependent of the distance measure. I don't know how we compute the centroid for manhattan distance and its difference with the computing the centroid for euclidean distance?
Is it possible to obtain more accurate annual extremes predictions from sub-annual data? I'm looking at various extreme climate variables, such as 50-year or 500-year maximum daily precipitation, using a generalized extreme value (GEV) distribution. The problem with this is that there are generally not many years of data with which to calculate the distribution of maximum annual values, and so the constraints on the tails of the distribution, where it really matters, are weak.I'm wondering if it's possible to calculate a more constrained distribution by using sub-annual data (e.g. daily data), that can provide better estimates of annual extreme probabilities? I know that there are factors in the daily data that mean that the distributions are not directly comparable. For example there is a seasonal cycle in precipitation at most places. However, these major cyclic trends can be relatively easily accounted for.If I remove those trends (and assuming there are no other hidden daily biases), would it be fair to say that the daily probability of precipitation over 200mm is the same as the annual probability of days with precipitation over 200mm divided by 365?And if I'm calculating the annual likelyhood of maximum daily precip over 500mm, would it be safe to say that it's the equal to $(1 - (1 - p_{daily}(&gt;500mm))^{365})$?Or are annual and daily probabilities not directly comparable in this way? I guess I can always use an MCMC to get annual estimates if not.
Resampling to get equal predictive power per observation Cross posted from data science due to lack of responseThis is probably a thing I am just not searching for correctly, but essentially my idea is this: given some machine learning classification $C$ based on an input dataset $D$, certain observations in $D$ are more likely to be misclassified than others because they are \"less common\".  So what we would want to do is oversample observations like that, until $C$ is trained such that all observations have the probability of being classified correctly.Is there a resampling method that does such a thing?  My idea would be to train classifier $C$ on base dataset $D$ take all observations misclassified by $C$ in $D$ and insert into new dataset $D'$retrain $C$ on $D = D + D'$ (or add a new batch with $D'$ in SGD etc)iterate that way until some convergence happensHas someone formalized something along these lines?  Intuitively, we want to overweight under-represented types of data.  Update: An additional thought I had that something along these lines might be useful in Q-learning - that instead of just randomly exploring off-policy, explore in areas where the model is less confident.
How can you compute sample size for a linear mixed model? G*Power only does repeated measures ANOVA I read everywhere that repeated measures ANOVA is inferior to mixed modelling (since it doesn't handle missing data as well and relies on sphericity assumption). G*Power doesn't tell you how to compute sample sizes for linear mixed models. Should I just do the calculation for RM-ANOVA and go with that number?My study is: one group takes drug A, another drug B (blinded), surveys with a few continuous questions are given at 5 follow up appointments. 
Standard Normal Distribution Z value greater than 3.49 in the z-table Our class was given a problem where Z is a standard normal random variable and we have to look for:P(Z&lt;6.0) and P(Z>6.0)I don't know what to do since the value is over the max in the z-table provided to us which is 3.49
How to tell if the \"clusters\" I see in my pair plots are statistically significant or occurring by chance? I have a data set with one row per subject. Some variables include laboratory parameters for blood chemistry, hematology, etc. I also have some flag variables: any = 1 if the subject experienced an adverse event, 0 if not; and ser_flag = 1 if the subject experienced a serious adverse event, 0 if not.There doesn't seem to be any difference in the distribution of laboratory parameters between subjects who experienced an adverse event (any=1) and subjects who did not (any = 0). When I do a pair plot of all the lab parameters against each other and color by the any flag, there doesn't seem to be any clustering or separation of subjects. However, when I do the same pair plot and color by ser_flag - I notice that the 20 subjects (out of roughly 2000) who experienced a serious adverse events seem to be clustered together in many of the plots. What test (if any) can I use to determine if these clusters I think I am seeing are occurring randomly, by chance...or if they are statistically significant? 
Dominating Positive Part James-Stein Is dominating Positive Part James Stein estimator when estimating the mean of a multivariate normal of dimension 3 with known variance(all equal) an open problem?If not, what is this estimator called? Can you point out some references?
shortest path optimization for multiple edge attributes Say I have a network. The edges each have two attributes: age and height. How might I run a shortest path algorithm that optimizes on both age and height? And could I weight it so that it optimizes 0.7 on age and 0.3 on height, or vice versa?
How to deal with Errors which are not following Normal distribution? I am working on Model Selection problem, where there are two models which are predicting revenues for companies using 2 different formulas. So currently I have Actual revenue values and predicted revenue values. By using this data I have to do model selection. So first of all I have tried with various performance measures of Regression such as Explained Variance Score, Mean Absolute Error, Mean Squared Error , RMSE etc. these were giving weired values. So have removed outliers. It worked. But while checking distribution of errors I come to know that its not following Normal Distribution. So no use of applying above performance measures.So now I am in confusion that how I should deal with this type of data. How to deal with Errors (Regression) which are not following Normal distribution? Is it okay if I will scale predicted and actual values to normal distribution? Please help\u2026 Thanks in advanceVardhini Kundale
Approximation of copulas I'm studying copulas, finished the Introduction to Copulas by Nelsen. I'm interested in the latest/best known/etc approaches for approximating any Copula, or some families of copulas, so would be grateful for literature/article recommendation on this topic.To make this more clear, I'm looking for ways of approximating (theoretically, not just through empirical smoothers) a family of copula with controlled roughness. Not sure if I'm expressing this clearly, so please comment if I need to expand on this. But I'm thinking about, for example, an analogy might be with various Taylor approximations for continuous functions, and how we can control the roughness of approximation by adding additional power terms. Intuitively, for me it seems something like this may be possible for copulas, i.e., \"power 1\" approximation would be very rough, but the same for some family of copulas. \"power 2\" would get more accurate, but differ between some members of the family, and etc.Would be grateful for literature suggestions if something like this is already described theoretically or implemented in software. 
How do Bayesians gamble? Try to earn the most at this game:there are two discrete random processes x(t) and y(t) with two unknown continuous distributions, both are IID processesat iteration (t-1)you pick either \"x\" or \"y\to be used in the following iteration tat iteration tboth x(t) and y(t) are revealedif you picked \"x\" at t-1 your reward is x(t) dollars, otherwise it's y(t) dollarsthen you pick \"x\" or \"y\" again and the game repeats ...Frequentist strategyat iteration t, estimate the mean E[x] and E[y] , averaging the t past samples of x(t) and y(t) respectivelypick \"x\" or \"y\depending on which of the two random processes has the highest estimated meanBayesian strategy?Help! What would a Bayesian do?
regression and causation In the Chen and Pearl (2013) article there are several critics about econometrics textbooks. Currently I try to understand more about it. In particular the Authors written (pag 4, footnote 5):From a causal analytic perspective, $X$ is exogeneous if $E[Y |X] = E[Y |do(X)]$ (Pearl, 2000). However, for purposes of this paper, we will use the aforementioned defnition in which $X$ is exogenous if it is independentof $e$. Note that if $X$ is independent of $e$ then $E[Y |X] = E[Y |do(X)]$. The converse may not hold. For example, when $e$ is a vector of factors with cancelling influences on $Y$ . If I understand correctly \"e\at least in general, is a structural error and not regression residual. The structural model is     $y=bX+ e$. Then if $X$ is independent of $e$, the regression residual of a regression (OLS world) write  with the same form of structural model are equal to structural error and the slope parameter have causal meaning. (conditional expectation is always true for OLS regression)My question is: all structural model apart, if the residuals regression are completely independent of regressors, not only uncorrelated (true by costruction), parameters have a causal meaning? Or residual say nothing in itself about causality even under independance?
Does dropout regularization prevent overfitting due to too many iterations? For image classification problem, let's say, and given a neural network to train on, if you were to run too many iterations for a single image of a cat would not generalize well into other images of cats. But then, if you were to run only 1 iteration for a single image of a cat, then using the same weights of the network, you go through another iteration using another picture of a cat, then it would simply not converge fast enough since you wouldn't be able to use RMSprop....etc So one way to prevent that is by using dropout regularization but is there a proof that even with so many iterations per example, it makes the network \"difficult\" to overfit for that each example?
How would you go about modelling a sport with a fixed maximum score line (e.g. volleyball or tennis?) In short, I don't have a great maths background but have always mucked about with modelling sports and making predictions (as I enjoy it).I have always used the Hal Stern \"The Probability of Winning an American Football Game\" American Statistician (August 1991) - as a basis for this, assuming things were normally distributed (possibly incorrectly) and adding other little modifiers (e.g. homefield advantage) and then solving it in a least squares puzzle in Excel.Standard deviation of Game Results about prediction from a Ratings system (in this case least squares regression with a few tweaks) equals the stochastic element in a normal distribution function where:x = the margin of victory that you are trying to get a % against (e.g. it could be a point spread e.g. % to cover) the mean = the predicted margin of victory derived in this case from my least squares regression to create power ratings for teams sigma = standard deviation of error on the difference between the predicted margin of victory and actual margin of victory based on past results.Based on the above I would treat in Excel terms a win % for team A as:1-NORMDIST(0.5,mean,sigma,true) - with the mean and sigma having values obviously.This when solved (in Excel - I think you could do it with matrices as well) derives me ratings which can then be broken down further to work out an offensive and defensive component so you can work out scores.This seems to work OK (as a rough approximation) for sports with no fixed score (e.g. NFL, NBA, Australian Rules Football, Rugby). I have a new interest in Vollyball however which has a fixed maximum score of 3 sets wins the game. I ran this process on the current Italian Volleyball league and whilst I was trusting the ratings that came out the scores didn't make sense (e.g. one game was predicted 1.5  vs 1.8).Is there a work around that could be applied here (as I believe it is possible e.g. the Ken Massey, Massey ratings site models Volleyball) as I couldn't see anything obvious.Thanks in advance for any advice or suggestions.
Calculate confidence that a population is evenly distributed between several values I apologize if this is too basic, or is poorly worded. It's been a long time since I sat in a stats class, and I'm having trouble figuring out how to search for what I need.I have a system that generates results of 7 different types. It could be modeled as a bag of infinite size, filled with balls of 7 different colors. I have a sample set of 97 results, and they are distributed among the 7 types: 11, 17, 9, 10, 17, 19, 14.It is my theory that the likelihood of getting a result of any one of the 7 types is 1:7, i.e. the results are expected to be evenly distributed among the 7 different types.How can I calculate a confidence value to support or refute my hypothesis? 
Is ACF plot enough to rule out auto-correlation in my model? Do you think it's enough to check ACF plot to rule out possibility of auto-correlation in the data?
Applying Bayesian Gaussian movement question I have a question from my stats class that I am confused about how to proceed with. I have a general idea of what I am to do but I am not sure how to start.The question is about a car that is moving on a road. It's beginning position is b, and b is normally distributed ~N(0,6). At b the car drives around, the distance the car drives is d with d~N(0,5). If d is positive, the car went up. Otherwise it moves to the down. Given that b and d are statistically independent and the car's final location is 6 or c = 6 (c being the final placement of the car). Find the most likely location b or where the car first began moving.From what I understand, c=6 is just an observation and we are to find P(b|d=6) with b ~N(0,6) and d~(0,5), maximizing for the probability that d = 6. But I'm not sure how to proceed from that.
Predictive classification including varying information about classes I'd appreciate help conceptualizing a problem. I constructed a supervised training set where user inputs carry the correct classification. In building a classification model, I'll strip out the correct class label and try to predict it using features linked to the inputs. What makes this more challenging than a simple classification problem (at least for me!) is that there are known, class-specific details that can vary on a day-to-day basis. For instance, some days Class A might be much more likely than Class B (empirically). So I'd want to pull the model toward Class A on some days.Does this type of problem have a name? My searching has not been super productive, and I think I could use some help with the right terminology. Second to this, I'd also appreciate any thoughts about promising solutions to investigate. Bayesian hierarchical models that make use of this prior information?
How to use Design of Experiment (DoE) to reduce the number of simulations? I am planning to do simulation for parametric study and there are 9 parameters in total. I was suggested to use DoE to reduce the number of simulations that I need to do. I studied the basic of DoE but I am still confused about the adoption of DoE in simulation. Should I do a preliminary study first by setting 2 values for each parameter first? Also, would factorial design be influenced by multicollinearity issue of the parameters? Thirdly, each parameter may of different unit and their ranges would also be different. Would this affect the interpretation of the significance of the parameters?  Finally, what is the difference between DoE and regression (ANOVA)? It seems that ANOVA can tell you the significance of the parameters and you can do VIF for multicollinearity test. Please advise. 
How do I find out if there is a relationship between confidence (continuous variable) and accuracy(categorical) I am looking finding out if confidence (rated between 0 and 10) has an effect on accuracy (correct or incorrect) and am unsure what test to run.My study is looking at how line up condition (PACE sequential, Strict sequential and Pace sequential plus matrix) and target presence (target present or absent) affected accuracy (correct or incorrect). There were 6 groups PACE sequential target present, PACE sequential target absent, Strict sequential target present etc). I have carried out a log-linear analysis to find this out. The participants were also asked about confidence of identification. I now want to find out if confidence (self-rated on a scale between 1 and 10) is related to accuracy and am unsure on how to do this (to see if there is a relationship with both of them). If I split confidence into two groups - high confidence (scores between 5-10) and low confidence (scores between 0-5) could I then do a correlation? Or would another test be more suited?Would I have to find the relationship with each of the participants groups (all 6) or could I just do it just between confidence and accuracy in general? 
Questions on issues with using Frequentist and Bayesian approach for the same test One quick stats question, if I use Binomial Cumulative Distribution Function to get a sample size n for desired confidence level and tolerable error. Then we pick a sample of sample size n and find k failures in the sample. Is it ok for us to use Jeffreys Interval instead of the exact method (clopper Pearson interval) for getting the upper limit of the estimated failure rate in the population? My concern is that the sample size is obtained using Frequentist while the Jeffreys Interval is Bayesian approach. So can we still draw conclusion on the upper limit of the estimated failure rate with a conference level? 
Can you have interaction terms for both \"sides\" of a dummy variable in a single regression? I'm really not sure how to phrase my question properly, so I apologize if this has been answered elsewhere. Let's say I'm interested in using a regression to predict wage using sex and an interaction term (height), where the sex variable is 0 if a person is female.wage = sex+ sex* height + constant + errorMy understanding is that the omitted category here is a female person. What if I also wanted to investigate the effect of weight on being female as it impacts wage? Could I have a \"reverse\" sex term that is 1 if the person is female? Would something like this be valid:  wage = sex+ sex* height + reverse_sex * weight + constant + errorWould the omitted category still be a female person? Can I capture both interaction effects in one regression? Thanks in advance for the help!
The meaning of Bayesian update I'm new in Bayesian inference and I can't found the answer to this: In real life scenario people use MCMC to compute the posterior distribution given the likelihood and the prior. Analytical solutions are not possibles. Bayesian people often say \"we update our prior believe given some data to have the posterior\". But something is not ok to me here: the posterior is never in the same form than the prior, right ? Unless you have a conjugate prior, which is really rare. So what does it mean ? Your prior is a gamma distribution, and you end-up with a posterior with a completely different shape. Did you really update the prior distribution ? certainly no. We can't compare apples and oranges. Does it means that we had a prior belief with a certain shape (gamma distribution), then we update this belief so we have a new shape (not even described analytically) as the output of the MCMC.I'm very confused with this idea of \"Bayesian update\because in practice, if you end-up with a complete new kind of distribution for the posterior, you can't reuse it as a new prior for the next batch of data, right ? So it means that this is just \"a one shot update\" of the prior belief.It seems to me that the Bayesian update mean you update your belief in the sense of you change the prior distribution to something else. It's like saying \"I've changed my mind, it is no longer a gamma distribution\".On the other hand when I follow some lectures, they never say that. They talk about Bayesian update related to the use of conjugate prior. In this case the math are nice so the posterior can be used as a prior. But this never happen in real life, right ? I mean, you don't use MCMC if you know that the posterior will be of the same family of the prior ?
How to handle a structural break in VAR model? I want to construct a VAR model of three time series: Inflation, GDP growth and Unemployment from 1963 to 2018. I have found a structural break around the year 2007 (2007-2008 financial crisis). I do not want to estimate two different VAR models, i.e. one for the crisis and one after the crisis. I am considering using a dummy variable for the crisis as an exogeneous variable to solve the problem, but I do not like this particular solution. Does anyone know how I could build my model such that the structural break is incorporated?
Chi-square or binomial logistic regression? I am unsure about which statistical test suits my needs, in particular I wonder whether chi-square should be used or not. The responses I get from my experiments are not continuous, but discrete, specifically taking the values of 0 or 1. I need to compare 3 groups. Here the details:I performed 3 experiments, each experiment tested a different system, and each experiment involved a distinct group of subjects. In total there where 25 participants (7 for the first system, 7 for the second, 11 for the third). Subjects were asked to identify a stimulus (i.e. a vibration provided by a haptic device).Recognition was measured as 1 = correct identification, 0 = incorrect identification. Stimuli where repeated, each stimulus receive 0 or 1 as measurement of participants' responses to it.The stimuli where different for each system. Still I want to test whether participants using one system performed better than the participants using other systems.My goal is only to assess the statistical differences between the 3 groups.Based on my understanding, an alternative to chi-square could also be a binomial logistic regression, but I am unsure. If chi-square is the right way to go, can I compare 3 groups using 3 separate tests (A vs B, B vs C, A vs C) without affecting the alpha? If I have to correct it, what is the right value for 3 groups?Can anyone please suggest the right function to be used in R?
How to calculate divergence from standard deviation I have 20 people I wish to give performance score every 6 months. I want to identify the weakest performers in the bottom 10 and remove them from the group but only those from the point of the most significant drop in performance. I am willing to accept there may well be a perfectly linear decline in score with no sudden drop however my thinking is that by obtaining the standard deviation amongst the top 10 I can identify the greatest precipice drop amongst the bottom ten.Is standard deviation the correct term to use and how would I go about calculating this ? 
remove features that has zero feature importance in random forest We have 10 features that is pre-selected from domain knowledge. We ran random forest with those features. one of the feature has zero feature importance.My question is:For those features that has zero importance in the random forest model, should I remove it and rerun the model?I did try that. When I remove the feature and rerun random forest, the importance of 7th important feature became zero, what should I do?Thanks a lot for any expert opinion...
Is the loss is the same as the error in deep learning? Is the loss is the same as the error in deep learning?I feel it's the same but I'm maybe wong...
Gradient boosting regression trained on skewed data My target feature is right-skewed.I want to apply gradient boosting regression algorithm to predict it but I'm not sure what kind of preprocessing should I apply. As gradient boosting is based on decision trees the common intuition declares that logarithmic transformation won't help much. Another way is to remove outliers based on a threshold and to look at the performance of the model. But I'm not sure this is an optimal solution.Any suggestion?
To overfit, or not to overfit, that's the question I hope this is not a stupid question. Let us say I have a data generation process that is quite stationary and I do not care about arriving at generalizable knowledge but more about accurate predictions. Would it be acceptable in this scenario to overfit a powerful model (e.g. random forest => fully saturated-ish model) by refreshing it daily using all retrospective data and using it to predict next day\u2019s dependent variable? 
Weak learners for XGBoost with Tweedie distribution Could you please explain what are the standard weak learners for XGBoost when the objective parameter equals reg:tweedie? Are they  GLMs (with Tweedie distribution of dependent variable) on all possible subsets of the set of my predictors? Are GLMs with interactions of the form x_i*x_j also included? 
Clustering / Grouping on image's pixels I have an image, and im building a model to recognize a pattern in that image and classify it. There is however a lot of noise in the rest of the image, but the actual pattern to classify will always be the biggest continuous figure in the whole image.I want to pre process to isolate this bit, before running it in something like a CNN, and I was wondering if standard libraries had an algorithm that was able to find this 'longest non-zero streak' in my image matrix.
How should I decide which test to use to look for differences in Kaplan-Meier curves? I'm conducting a survival analysis for my dissertation and have run into a bit of a road block about which test to use to look for differences in Kaplan-Meier curves between treatments.A previous study that was similar in design to mine used the Wilcox-Gehan D test, but I want to make sure I am choosing the test with the most power for my study design. Briefly, I have two groups with relatively small sample sizes (n=10, n=27). In the control group, I randomly right-censored individuals to pair clinical findings with the experimental group mortalities. Does anyone have strong opinions about which test would be most appropriate?The tests I know of are:Mantel-Haenzel logrank testPeto &amp; Peto logrank testGehan generalized Wilcoxon ranksum testPeto &amp; Peto &amp; Prentice generalized Wilcoxon testTarone &amp; Ware modified Wilcoxon testIf I missed any please let me know!  Thanks in advance!
finding sparse regions in time series data I have several hundred years of church baptisms that will be searched by people wanting to find the baptisms of their ancestors.  I want to call attention to periods in the records in which the number of baptisms is particulary sparse when compared to other periods, because sparse periods may indicate poor record keeping rather than an actual decrease in the number of baptisms. The baptisms were performed fairly often (every few days for busy churches), but not absolutely regularly, so the baptism dates are distributed somewhat randomly, and any number of baptisms could be performed on any given day. One simple approach is to simply check for gaps of a specified length between baptism dates, but this would miss sparse periods in which baptisms were performed but much less often than usual.  Perhaps the least biased approach is to graph the entire data set and let people decide for themselves what periods qualify as sparse, but this method has its own drawbacks associated with presenting the data to users, who would need to interact with the plot in order to scan the huge amount of data in it.  I don't want to deal with that unless forced to do so.What kinds of statistical methods are used in situations like this?  Can anyone provide the name of an algorithm that has been designed for more or less this kind of problem, or describe an appropriate means of analysis?  I'm willing to write code (Python) if necessary.
Autocorrelation in a predictor variable Suppose that my main purpose is to model (using GLM e.g.) an annual count data by using two predictors one of which is mean annual water level measurement which, in itself, is auto-correlated (i.e. one year's measurement is affected by previous year's measurement). What should I do then? I know what to do when my response variable violates the assumption of independence but what about predictor variables? Should I do something? 
Is using a test set mandatory after a k-fold cross-validation? I'm using 10-fold cross validation to make binary classifier.My dataset contains 3000 samples with only 150 in the minor class (low signal 4%)I've have around 100 features and use features selection (on variance, mean difference,...) in order to reduce the number to 25.The ratio number fo samples/number of features is 120 for the whole dataset but only 6 for the signal (minority class)Anyway, i'm using randomforest and k-Fold Cross-Validation (k=10), and also a variable threshold (Usualy 0,5 mut in my case close to 0,11) to maximize F1-score (Harmonic mean between precision and recall).Should hold out a test set to check the results,for example 10% which means only 15 sample of the minority class! and 90% for the train/validation part ?The first try give me bad results (F1score close to 0,2), do i ve to iterate ? how many times ? (i.e loop on my process and mean all F1score of my tests).Even on randomforest parameters it seems that number of iteration and deep size always increase for better results.I've read to limitate those parameters in order to avoid overfitting , is that correct ?Thank's for your help
Selecting ARIMA p,d,q paramerters for hourly data with 24 hour cycle I am working with an ARIMA model using data with hourly resolution and a 24 hour cyclical pattern. When I run an ACF on the data I can see a peak at a lag of 24. Does this mean I set p to 24 or am I missing something. I have found this slow to run.
How multi layer neural network classify data without extracting features? In CNN we have convolution layer and pooling layer for feature extraction. How the features are extracted in Fully connected neural network? Secondly CNN has more expressive power and and number of learn able parameters are also less in this case. I want to know that if CNN are so perfect then why we use fully connected neural networks?
How does scikit-learn's kNN model handle zero-distances when using inverse distance weighting? OK, I could go through the code to figure this out but I feel something Googleable doesn't hurt. When I'm using a kNN classifier with (inverse) distance weighting, how does it handle cases whereby the distance between the prediction input and (m)any of the k nearest training records is zero? What if some of them aren't?
How to check for independence of errors? How to check for independence of errors in OLS regression?Let's say I have 10 observations for each hour. If I plot residuals ordered by time, I have the problem that adjacent residuals refer to the same day.
Unbalanced Longitudinal Multilevel Model Power Analysis I am trying to conduct a power analysis on a multilevel longitudinal model (pre-existing household panel dataset) and am having trouble figuring out how to do it (or if it is even needed in the first place, however I am assuming that I will be asked the question by reviewers if I do not include it). I am using R for all analysis (lme4 package) and would therefore prefer an R solution if possible (but it doesn\u2019t have to be).Below is a summary of the model.Outcome DVJob satisfaction measured over time (up to 10 time points)Level 1 (within-person) variables:TimePersonality trait 1Personality trait 2Personality trait 3Personality trait 4Personality trait 5Employment status (part-time or full-time, coded as 0 or 1)Monthly gross incomeLevel 2 (between-person) variables:Time (the between-person component of the level 1 variable)Personality trait 1 (the between-person component of the level 1variable)Personality trait 2 (the between-person component of thelevel 1 variable)Personality trait 3 (the between-person componentof the level 1 variable)Personality trait 4 (the between-personcomponent of the level 1 variable)Personality trait 5 (the between-person component of the level 1 variable) Employment status (the between-person component of the level 1 variable) Monthly gross income (the between-person component of the level 1 variable)GenderAverage ageCross-level interaction:Time (level 1) x Personality Trait 1 (level 2)The model has job satisfaction as its outcome variable where I am interested in modelling the growth in job satisfaction as a consequence of between-person (level 2) extraversion (hence the cross-level interaction). Individuals serve as the level two clusters (N = 7,275) and observations of time serve as the primary level one predictor (N = 23,974, unbalanced such that different individuals have different N observations). All other variables are covariates and for all time-varying covariates I have split them into their within-person and between-person components (hence the double-up at level 1 and level 2 for all variables but age and gender).Any help would be appreciated.
Combing logit and linear regression I am looking for a proper method for my research. I want to analyze left-right political position of a person.My idea is to combine logit regression with a linear regression. Logit will decide on weather a person is on left or right side of the spectrum: it will consist of factors like attitude towards immigrants or toleration towards minorities.The other part will define the extremity of person's views. It would consist of factors like being satisified with current government or other factors that push people towards extreme political views.I am looking for anything that can somehow help me find a proper tool.Thanks!
Using a GLM repeated measures in r to determine at what day do organisms raised at different temperatures become significantly different in weight? So I conducted an experiment that looked at the effect that a range of temperatures had on the weight of shellfish. There are 7 temperature treatments, each temperature is 1 tank (no replicates, I know its a problem). I took samples twice a week for 1 month (each sample was destructive and approximately 20 randomly sampled organisms). I am trying to find at what sampling day did the changes between treatments become statistically different from each other. My thought is to use a repeated measures general linearized model to test day against size with pH as a fixed factor that interacts with day. so this is what my r code looks like:glm(weight ~ Day + Temp + Day*Temp, data = Temp1Does this make sense for what I am trying to do?
Generate Data where outcome is conditional on independent variables I want to generate a synthetic dataset {Y, X1, X2}. Independent random variables X1 and X2 follow bernouli distribution where probabilities for X1 and X2 are known.Whereas, outcome variable Y needs to follow normal distribution with an expected mean E(Y|X1,X2) = X1 + 3.2X2 and Standard Deviation of 1.4.n = 1000X1 = np.random.binomial(1,.25,n)X2 = np.random.binomial(1,.30,n)Not sure, how to generate Y which is conditional on X1 and X2, normally distributed and follows the formula for each of the observation Please help.
Mathematical Equation for Seasonal Arima Model with external Regressors I am trying to write the mathematical ARIMA equation for the following -A seasonal  ARIMA(1,0,2)(1,1,1) with quarterly data using two external explanatory variables aside from the explained variable(also of the same frequency) . I have an idea on how to write the ARIMA equation for a standard ARIMA model which does not involve seasonal differences and with just one explanatory variable. This question stems from the fact that I was trying to understand how the R function arima from the stats package would work under the following commandarima(y, xreg = cbind[x1,x2],order = c(1,0,2),seasonal = c(1,1,1)), where x1 and x2 are the external regressors.
The Standard Error in R language lm (linear regression) is Standard Deviation or Standard Error of the Mean? When we are estimating the coefficient in R, \"Std Err\" will be produced by \"lm\". Is it Std or SEM? How is it calculated? Run lm function with any R data set will give an example.
Can exogenous variables in ARIMAX be time series variables? I am trying to do a multivariate forecasting with ARIMAX. And I am not sure if ARIMAX can handle time series features as exogenous variables or it can only handle none time series features or both. 
How does one usually compute the gradient and the Hessian of a proposal in a MCMC algorithm? In some proposals of a MCMC, the mean/location vector and the covariance/scale matrix are functions of the gradient/jacobian and hessian of the log-likelihood.I'm wondering how does one usually find the gradient and hessian for complex models?Is it by a numerical routine/procedure? Which one?Or do they simply use a BFGS type of algorithm to find the maximisers of the log-likelihood?
Compare hazard ratios in case-control setup quick disclaimer: first time poster; i have searched through the forums extensively but please bear with me if this is a silly question or point me towards the solution if it has been answered before.anyways, I have received two datasets:A contains a number of cases, i.e. affected by a disease. B contains 4 times as many controls. they are similar in age and sex. outcome and covariates are identically recorded in the two datasets.i have then constructed two separate cox-ph models with the same dichotomized covariate and it appears that this covariate is protective, i.e. HR 0.8, in the one group and a borderline-harmful, i.e. HR ~1.02, in the other. both results have very narrow 95% CIs and are (highly) significant owing to the large sample size in both groups.is there a valid way to compare these HRs and obtain a p-value for such testing? I have seen simple comparisons with x\u00b2 in (high ranking) journals, but surely that can't be appropriate.thank you!
How are RNNs with inputs greater than the defined sequence length implamented To clarify the slightly ambiguous language in the title. I have an RNN (actually 2 stacked RNN layers) that take input X of size X [batch_size, sequence_length, features] the model is trying to use the sequence_length number of timesteps to predict a single value output y_hat of sizey_hat [batch_size]My sequence_length is set to a fixed size, but I have some sequences bigger than this value. I have seen people solving this by splitting the sequence into chunks of size sequence_length and then passing them in one after the other with the RNN states initialized with the final state of the previous chunk. This I understand. What is not clear to me is what is the target (y) for all but the final chunk, how is error backpropagated, and how weights are updated.If I give an example just to make this clear, in the case of a language model I may have an input like the following:hello i am generating an example and our target is interestIf our max length was 5, then we'd split up the sequence into:chunk 1: X_1 = hello i am generating an, y_1 = ??chunk 2: X_2 = example and our target is, y_2 = interestIf both the first and the second chunk are passed the final input as y (interest) we'd effectively be training the network that interest is the next word in the first subsequence above, as well as in the second? 
Is there a way to run a multivariate mixed effects model (e.g. RDA) with an unbalanced number of observations per level of the random factor? I have a community matrix (fish gut microbiome) from a laboratory experiment consisting of 2 treatments, each with 3 independent aquaria, which were sampled 3 times. At each sampling event 6 fish were collected for microbiome sequencing. Since the fish that were sampled from the same tank are not independent from each other, my plan was to use a mixed effects model to test for the effects of treatment and time on microbiome composition with aquarium as random factor, e.g. Y ~ treatment * time + (1|aquarium).However, while the original sampling design was balanced, it was not possible to obtain data from all sampled fish. Therefore, the number of fish per sampling event and aquarium ranges between 4 - 6. While this does not seem to be a problem in R for a univariate analysis (e.g. using nlme::lme), I could not find a solution for a multivariate response variable. In the R package vegan, restricted permutation tests for e.g. RDA and PERMANOVA are implemented to account for a dependence of observations by defining which samples will be permuted using the permute::how command. However this only works for balanced data sets, i.e. the same number of observations for each level of the random factor (here: aquaria). The only option I am aware of to solve this problem, which I would really like avoid, is to delete observation to achieve a balanced design again. Do you know of any other method that also works with unbalanaced data? I welcome any ideas of how to solve this issue.Thanks!
Imbalanced Test Data I have an imbalanced (1:5) training and test set with only two classes and have oversampled the training set with SMOTE so that the class ratio is 1:1. The ML model gives values over 0.7 for accuracy, precision, recall, and f1 for the training set. However, since the test set is still imbalanced (1:5), the metrics are still above 0.7 but only because it is performing well on the majority class and failing miserably on the minority class (even though it did okay on the training data). Perhaps it is overfitting and not generalizing well to the test set. Currently, it is able to correctly classify around 6% of the minority class in the test data.Does anybody have any suggestions for building a more robust ML model for document binary classification and, additionally, are there better metrics to use when your test set is imbalanced (i.e., FPR and TPR)?
How do you test if three means significantly differ from each other using an F test? I know the means, sample sizes, and standard deviations of three samples drawn independently from three populations.  I need to test whether they differ significantly from each other using an $F$ statistic.  However, I've looked at a few Stats books and can't find a procedure to do this.  I'm familiar with simple ANOVAs and with testing for the difference of two  means, if that helps to understand what sorts of things I already understand.  
Is it possible to automate time series forecasting? I would like to build an algorithm that would be able to analyze any time series and \"automatically\" choose the best traditional/statiscal forecasting method (and its parameters) for the analyzed time series data.Would it be possible to do something like this? If yes, can you give me some tips on how can this be approached?Edit: I am not sure if this information is relevant in any way, but I would like to add that this question arised in the context of my future master thesis which will encompass time series forecasting (with python).
Comparing linear mixed effects models using ANOVA - underlying assumptions I am trying to analyze some CPUE (Catch Per Unit Effort) data for a fisheries related analysis with lme models in R. So I have total of six models that are tested in groups of two to determine the effects of both fixed variables and their interaction separately. The models are:M1 : CPUE = area + year + area*year + (1|location) M2 : CPUE = area + year + (1|location) M3 : CPUE = area + (1|location) M4 : CPUE = ~1 +(1|location) M5 : CPUE = year + (1|location) M6 : CPUE = ~1 +(1|location)The testing is done so that model 1 is tested against model 2 to test for interaction between the fixed variables, and models 3 vs 4 and models 5 vs 6 against each other for the effect of both fixed variables year and area.The models are fitted with lme (from nlme -package) using 'ML' as method and the testing is done with anova.So my questions are:1) The CPUE data is not normally distributed. As I fit the models I see that the residuals also deviate from normal distribution, as do the plotted random effects. Do I need to transform my data to produce models with normally distributed residuals and random effects to use ANOVA for model comparison? 2) If I should transform my data can I be done simply by using for example log or sqrt if this seems to produce models with residuals and random effects that are approximately normally distributed? Does using a boxcox transformation fitted on a linear model without random effects produce erroneous results if used for lme models in this context? What I mean is using the estimate for lambda with the maximum log-likelihood obtained from the models without random effects to transform the data. I am not the person who designed this analysis and have no resources or competence to change it. Therefore I am only interested in producing the results without making errors. Any help is appreciated!
How can I use linear/logistic regression for inference with colinear variables and a smallish dataset? I have a dataset of around 120 observations, with 30 calculated variables and I am trying to predict a continuous response (result of an experiment) using those 30 variables. Ideally the smallest subset of those 30 variables that best explain the data.Many of these variables are colinear, as there are some secondary variables which are based on combinations of some of the other variables. I am unsure about the best way to proceed. I can use variance inflation factor, and my own knowledge of the subject, to choose between correlated variables and remove any collinearity before using a regression model. I would rather choose myself which variables to include rather than allowing the model to choose arbitrarily between two collinear variables. I would prefer to use the lasso approach to produce the most sparse model possible, but I am concerned that I would contaminate the reliability of the model by preselecting variables, rather than allowing the algorithm to select variables from the entire set of 30.As I only have ~120 observations, I have found that the validation set approach to be too unstable. If I split the data 80%-20% between training and validation sets, I find that the coefficient estimates are highly variable between different validation sets, and I will get a very different estimation of the coefficients, and MSE/$R^2$ based on the random training/validation set selectec. As I am looking for inference, and therefore need a stable estimation of the coeffecients, I am hoping that I can use a leave one out cross validation approach to produce the most robust estimate of the coefficients.My current approach isRun VIF to find colinear variablesTrain either a least square or logistic regularisation using leave one cross validation or 10-fold cross validationObtain a robust coefficient estimates for the variablesBuild a new predictive model using these variables and test it on the data, maybe using a holdout set?My primary interest is inference, I would like to know what coefficients are most important. I would also like to use these coefficients to predict future (continuous) observations.
Is it mandatory to subset your data to validate a model? I'm having a hard time getting on the same page as my supervisor when it comes to validating my model. I have analyzed the residues (observed against the fitted values) and I used this as an argument to discuss the results obtained by my model, however my supervisor insists that the only way to validate a model is to make a random subset of my data, generate the model with 70% of it and then apply the model on the remaining 30%.The thing is, my response variable is zero inflated (85% of it, to be more rpecise) and i prefer not to create a subset as it is already very difficult to converge to a result. So, my question is: what are the possible (and scientifically acceptable) ways to validate a model? Is subsetting data the only way? If possible, reference your questions with articles/books so I can use it as an argument when presenting my alternatives.  
Is it mandatory to subset your data to validate a model? I'm having a hard time getting on the same page as my supervisor when it comes to validating my model. I have analyzed the residues (observed against the fitted values) and I used this as an argument to discuss the results obtained by my model, however my supervisor insists that the only way to validate a model is to make a random subset of my data, generate the model with 70% of it and then apply the model on the remaining 30%.The thing is, my response variable is zero inflated (85% of it, to be more rpecise) and i prefer not to create a subset as it is already very difficult to converge to a result. So, my question is: what are the possible (and scientifically acceptable) ways to validate a model? Is subsetting data the only way? If possible, reference your questions with articles/books so I can use it as an argument when presenting my alternatives.  
On which variables can we condition to observe a direct effect? Suppose we're interested in the effect of $D$ on $Y$. Suppose that variables $D$ and $O$ are mutually dependent on a variable $C$, and that $Y$ is mutually dependent on variables $D$ and $O$. I find it quiet obvious that we could condition on $O$ to observe the desired effect. However, my professor and textbook say that equivalently, we could condition on \"C\". Personally, I do believe that this is incorrect for the following reason:If we conditioned on $C$, then theoretically, there would be no variance in $D$, $O$ or $Y$, and so a causal relationship between $D$ and $Y$ could not be determined. But even if there were some variance in $D$ within each strata of $C$, there could very well also be some variance in $O$ within each strata of $C$. If this were the case, then even after having conditioned on $C$, variance in $Y$ could still be attributable to both variance in $D$ and variance in $O$. Hence, the direct causal effect of $D$ on $Y$ cannot be determined from conditioning on $C$. Assuming that my professor and textbook are correct, where is my analysis lacking? 
Correlation between Discrete Event and Continuous Parameter Change Does the temperature in the room increase when we turn on the furnace?  Intuitively the answer is yes.  Practically the answer is yes.  BUT, how do we prove it statistically?  If I have a time series of temperatures and a series of furnace states, what would be the best way to determine correlation? 
Hypothesis Test of Hypothesis Tests I am doing a linguistics project in which I am comparing the % of the time \"um\" follows a contraction vs. the % of time \"um\" follows what I call the full form (e.g. full form of don't is do not). I have 100 contractions I'm looking at. For each contraction, I treat \"is followed by um or not\" as a binomial random variable and run a z-test accordingly. I would like to then run a test on all these tests to test if contractions do have an effect on \"um.\" The reason I can't just sum them all up and do one test is some contractions are way more frequent and therefore would dominate the data set. One issue is that it's possible the different contractions are not all distributed the same, such that the effect may only occur in some of them.In general it seems like you should be able to interpret multiple hypothesis tests to see the significance of your testing. For instance, if I'm using an alpha of 0.05 and I only get a p-value &lt; 0.05 in 5/100 of my tests, I could safely conclude those were just false positives and there isn't a general effect. Is there a more rigorous way to perform this test of tests?
how to calculate average tenure of a worker in any factory I have tenure data for workers who have left the factory and also who are still working in the factory. I need to calculate average time spent by worker in the factory?. what data should i consider active workers or inactive workers.when i considered active workers:avg tenure = sum of number of years completed by active workers / total no of active workers.i.e 3.5 years as the average number i am getting.is this correct method ? because this is an on going event. some workers might have  just joined the factory so their tenure will be 0.1 to 0.9 years. this might pull the average down.please let me know how to calculate average when the event is still going on.
Meaning of chi-squared in R Kruskal-Wallis test I have a simple question to ask, I think it was not covered in other questions.I am running a Kruskal-Wallis test in R, using the function kruskal.test.The output gives me the p-value and a chi-squared value (see example below)<blockquote>  Kruskal-Wallis rank sum test    data:  mat[, 2] by mat[, 3]    Kruskal-Wallis chi-squared = 0.052043, df = 1, p-value = 0.8195</blockquote>I know that I have to look at the p-value to know if there is a significant difference among the groups I'm testing, but I am interested in the chi-squared. I noticed that the chi-square increases when the p-value decreases, but its statistical meaning is not yet clear to me.There is not an explanation of its meaning in ?kruskal.test. Can someone help me understand this?
Can coefficients of variation be compared if the samples differ in size? I have to do a study for trying a sanitary product that has an acceptance criterion for the %CV repeatability and %CV reproducibility of the measurands. The acceptance criterion of the performance of this product is based on %CV and the cut-off was obtained by doing a similar study (actually the same but with bigger sample size than the study that I am doing). So, could I use the same value of the acceptance criterion for my study to accept if the measurements fit? 
Linear Regression Approach For Trends I'm working on a project with genetics but I think my problem is applicable to general statistics. I want to test frequency (Minor Allele Frequency) of a SNP/variant across 5 age categories to see if there is any change. I am expecting either linear or a 'U' shaped curve if such an association exists. I have about 1000 individuals within each age group and have calculated the allele frequency for each age group (ranging from 0.001-0.5), hence I only have 5 frequencies in total. Now the problem is that I have 2 million variants/SNPs and so I can't plot each SNP to see the trend before I commence the regression. Currently I propose a linear model with Frequency ~ Age to see if there is a linear trend and Frequency ~ Age + I(Age^2) to see if there is a quadratic curve. Then using a likelihood ratio test to see whether the quadratic term is significant and deducing whether there is a curve. My question is whether this is the best approach, statistically speaking? 
Applying Simple Linear Regression Model on Time Series I have a dataframe for two variables for a period of 22 years. The independent variable refers to the GDP per capita while the independent variable refers to Gross Debt per capita. I'm trying to build a model to analyse the relationship between the two variables using the simple linear model. I was wondering if I should make the variables stationary before fitting the model. And if so, what would be the appropriate function in R that can apply 'lm' on time series object? I got a bit confused as I saw some books and tutorials for regressing economic indicators (with time intervals) where the the independent and dependant variables were not tested against stationarity assumption before building the model. Are there any insights in this regard? 
Need for assumption of continuity of the distribution In non parametric Inference what is the need to make the assumption that the underlying distribution of the random variable under consideration is absolutely continuous?
Would a Logistic Regression Machine Learning Model Work Here? I am in 10th grade and I am looking to use a machine learning model on patient data to find a correlation between the time of week and patient adherence. I have separated the week into 21 time slots, three for each time of day (1 is Monday morning, 2 is monday afternoon, etc.). Adherence values will be binary (0 means they did not take the medicine, 1 means they did). I will simulate training, validation and test data for my model. From my understanding, I can use a logistic regression model to output the probability of the patient missing their medication on a certain time slot given past data for that time slot. This is because logistic regression outputs binary values when given a threshold and is good for problems dealing with probability and binary classes, which is my scenario. In my case, the two classes I am dealing with are yes they will take their medicine, and no they will not. But the major problem with this is that this data will be non-linear, at least to my understanding. To make this more clear, let me give a real life example. If a patient has yoga class on Sunday mornings, (time slot 19) and tends to forget to take their medication at this time, then most of the numbers under time slot 19 would be 0s, while all the other time slots would have many more 1s. The goal is to create a machine learning model which can realize given past data that the patient is very likely going to miss their medication on the next time slot 19. I believe that logistic regression must be used on data that still has an inherently linear data distribution, however I am not sure. I also understand that neural networks are ideal for non-linear distributions, but neural networks require a lot of data to function properly, and ideally the goal of my model is to be able to function decently with simply a few weeks of data. Of course any model becomes more accurate with more data, but it seems to me that generally neural networks need thousands of data sets to truly become decently accurate. Again, I could very well be wrong. My question is really what model type would work here. I do know that I will need some form of supervised classification. But can I use logistic regression to make predictions when given time of week about adherence? Really any general feedback on my project is greatly appreciated! Please keep in mind I am only 15, and so certain statements I made were possibly wrong and I will not be able to fully understand very complex replies.I also have to complete this within the next two weeks, so please do not hesitate to respond as soon as you can! Thank you so much!
How to combine confidence and probability scores into a single metric I have an algorithm which outputs a confidence score and a probability score that a particular user belongs to class $C_i$, for multiple values of $i$. I want to output a single class $C_o$ as the final prediction. How do I combine these two independent metrics to output a single prediction?
Should training data in each batch size be resample only one time or at each epoch when using mini-batch I saw some related question regarding to the fact is one should use sampling with resampling or without when using minibatch.However my question is different.Let's assume that I use sampling witouth replacement. Meaning that for each epoch one training example can only belong one 'batch size' group.I want to know if one should only resample the training data (into the different batch size) only 1 time or before to start to update the parameters before each epoch.For instance suppose I have 20 'batch size' group. Suppose at the first iteration I have sampled picture A in group 2 and picture B in group 4.If so should picture A always stay in group 2 and picture B in group 4. Or should I resample it before to start a new epoch (e.g. at epoch 2 put picture B in group 6 and picture B in group 20).
About RNN with variable length output vectors I have several thousands samples with equal number of features (5000, they are time dependent) and I would like to predict of vectors with variable length.1) I'm beginner in RNN, and I'd like to know if there are the approaches except zero padding, when we have vector with variable length.2) 5000 features are normal? Or it isn't suitable number of features for RNN (namely LSTM), because 5000 is too big
Hypothesis testing help I need some guidance to the following hypothesis (pardon my poor English and wrong use of technical words)If 75 marbles were drawn \"fairly / blindly\" without replacement from a \"bag\" initially containing exactly 1 million red marbles and exactly 0.1 million black marbles, and 56 of those 75 marbles drawn were black and the remaining were red, then what is the probability (%age) or significance levels (%age) of the hypothesis that that this draw has taken place randomly (without cheating) or alternatively the draw is inconsistent with random selections.To put the problem in perspective, the red marble is worth, say USD 1, and the black marble is worth USD 1,000 in the market. So there is a significant incentive to draw a black marble by cheating. Is there even a 1% chance that this ratio of 56 blacks in 75 draws is honestly done ?
Which statistical method/test? I am new to statistics. I want to put the evaluation plan of my research. The research will be in the form of a RCT with 2 groups (Intervention and control). I will be comparing the change of the mean of oral health knowledge before, immediately after, and 6 weeks after the intervention in each group as well as between both groups?Which statistical test will be appropriate?
mean centering leads to perfect correlation? Im working on a linear regression with 3 independent variables (likert scales from 0-6) nothing out of the ordinary.The IDs correlate from r=.3 to .58 with each other, which is a bit high although the VIF is still under 2. So usually I would assume that the multicollinieraty assumption would be ok here, but I mean-centered to IDs just to see what happens.After centering, all IDs perfectly correlate with each other, which I dont know if thats an centering artifact or not. Also the VIF is now 1 which seems weird and the regression analysis throws out the 2nd and 3rd ID even when I forced SPSS (method enter) to consider them in the regression. Any idea what I did wrong here?Cheers
Generating very few samples from a probability distribution using MCMC? Since MCMC converges to target only after taking very large number of steps, what if I want to have just say 10 samples from target distribution? Do I still have to generate lots of samples, and then discard the rest?Or like machine learning models, is there seperate training and testing part, where a model is trained to project an easy-to-sample distribution to our desired one?
Setting up a statistical analysis comparing two groups adjusted for age and twins I'm investigating if there is a difference in volume of a specific brain region (T1 weighted MR scans) when comparing Migraneurs with aura to healthy controls. I would like to adjust for age and the fact that i have twin pairs in the Migraneurs group. I've thought about creating a linear mixed effect model, but I lack experience using these models. Can anybody help me on the way? Would it be possible to solve this problem using simple t-tests?Btw. I'm mainly using matlab and I have several other parameters such as blood pressure, smoking, number of migraine attacks and so forward that I would like to add to the model (next step).
Can one perform a meta analysis on solely the results of a study, without the use of raw data? If not, since a systematic review would be the next option, are there any analyses you can conduct on the results of the studies that one intends to analyze
Choosing model for feature selection on categorial data I have a dataset composed 30 features and 1 response. My response is 0 or 1 and, all of my features composed three status includes = -1,0,1.I wanted to do features selections in R, firstly I want to fit a model and then use backward/forward feature selection for that.Which method best fit to my dataset, and why?Logistic regression? GLMGLM negative binomialLinear model
What is an overall procedure for cointegration test? I'm working on a set of macroeconomic variables form 1992M01 to 201407. They are PPI, CPI, industrial production, stock price index and exchange rate. I know that I should run a cointegration test for forecasting and it seems that the procedure is something like this:<br>1) testing for unit roots and stationarity 2) running Granger causality  test3) cointegration test Could anyone tell me about complete procedure, please?! what should I do in order to have a consistent regression of my variables? I've read so many references and I'm lost in texts! 
Using logistic regression scores for inference I'm training the logistic regression for binary classification on a labeled data set. Now I'm using the same entries and predict their scores using the model.For example, I have an entry with label 0 and predicted score is 0.1 and another entry with known label 0 and predicted score 0.2. So basically I'm using model to get probability for seen (as opposite to unseen) data. And I'm trying to argue whether the predicted probability shows the ordering/ranking of the entries - second entry from the example is closer to class 1 than first entry? Or do they just show the performance of my model? This contradicts to common approach when trained model is used on unseen data, and I feel that comparing the scores of training data has no sense, but I can't understand why
Confidence interval in R lm function with factors values Does lm R function handle factors value 'correctly' when computing confidence interval ?I read that confidence interval formula are different in case of discrete or continuous variable.Thanks.Philippe
Why does One Way ANOVA not have an SSE Term? For a Two Way ANOVA with two factors A and B, the Sum of Square equation is:-SSTO = SSA + SSB + SSAB + SSEWhere,<br>SSTO = Total Sum of Squares <br>SSA = Sum of Squares due to Factor A <br>SSB = Sum of Squares due to Factor BSSAB = Sum of Squares due to Interaction of Factor A and Factor BSSE = Amount of Variability left unexplained taken as errorNow my question is, why does One Way ANOVA not have a SSE Term?FYI, <br>Im reading this book, Intermediate Statistics for Dummies.I was reading about ANOVA. For one way ANOVA the book says that the Total Sum of Squares is the Sum of Squares within and Sum of Squares Between. There is no Sum of Square Error Term in one way ANOVA. That's why I am asking this question.
recommended approach for building an ANOVA model Despite reading several online references, including the full Wikipedia article on \"ANOVA\I'm still confused at the recommended process taken to build the most statistically significant linear or logistic model for a single dependent response variable (in my case, it may be either continuous or categorical) with a large number of possible independent variables (which also may be either continuous or categorical).In my head, I can see at least 2 possible approaches:Additive approach. Start with empty model and, at each iteration, add the next most significant (via F-test) independent variable or interation (after exhaustively testing all remaining variables/interactions). Proceed until no more statistically significant additions can be found.Subtractive approach. Start with a complete model including all variables and all their interactions, and iteratively remove the least significant term (via F-test). Continue until all remaining terms are significant.Is there another approach I'm missing? What is considered the best approach for model building by contemporary literature? Sorry if I'm asking amateur questions here; feel free to answer with existing online references if that can make any answers more concise.I will need to implement the solution programmatically, so I need to know the process moreso than anything else.
What is the problem with $p > n$? I know that this is the solving system of linear equation problem.But my question is why it is a problem the number of observation is lower than the number of predictors how can that thing happen?Does not the data collection come from the delicate survey design or experimental design to the extent that they at least think about this thing? If the data collection want to collect 45 variables to conduct research then why would he collect less than 45 observation? Did I miss something and although the model selection part also eliminated the non-improvement variables on the response and always the collected variable will be eliminated to $45-(45-p)$ right?  So then why would we face the non-unique solution in those case?
What is the problem with $p > n$? I know that this is the solving system of linear equation problem.But my question is why it is a problem the number of observation is lower than the number of predictors how can that thing happen?Does not the data collection come from the delicate survey design or experimental design to the extent that they at least think about this thing? If the data collection want to collect 45 variables to conduct research then why would he collect less than 45 observation? Did I miss something and although the model selection part also eliminated the non-improvement variables on the response and always the collected variable will be eliminated to $45-(45-p)$ right?  So then why would we face the non-unique solution in those case?
Can two different distributions have the same value of mean, variance, skewness, and kurtosis? Assuming that you have two discrete population distributions. Can they have identical values of mean ,variance, skewness and kurtosis while being different in shape visually ?Do these four values act like a fingerprint of any distribution?
What type of regression should be used in predicting Click Through Rate? I'm looking for a model to predict CTR (click-through-rate)I have the following data:For each ad I know the number of impressions, clicks and some other attributes (which are mainly dummy variables). The CTR per ad is calculated as follows: #clicks / #impressions.I have two questions regarding predicting CTR:I am wondering which model should be used to predict the CTR. I tried a linear regression, but the R-squared is very low (around 10%-15%). A logistic regression is not an option as my dependent variable is not a 0/1 variable. When I run a linear regression with clicks as dependent variable and impressions, etc. as explanatory variables, my R-squared suddenly is around 85-95%. How is it possible that this differs so much from taking CTR as dependent variable? EDIT:I followed the approach from kjetil, which works perfectly.
Why is correlation formula the way it is? Or Say how it formed? I am really being confused by why the correlation formula is called the correlation of two variables $X$ and $Y$. Also how is it derived? The part where we divide covariance by product of standard derivation of $X$ and standard derivation of $Y$ is the most confusing for me. Please explain the reasons or provide some good source for such things. 
Which estimation technique minimizes the MAPE? Suppose we have two estimation techniques:Linear Least Squares, which aims to minimize squared residualsLeast Absolute Deviation, which aims to minimize absolute residualsWe have a model, which purpose is prediction. More specifically, we want the model to perform good based on the prediction evaluation measure: Mean Absolute Prediction Error (MAPE). Assuming we have no information of the data, can we say something about which estimation technique will likely perform better?
Should I adjust for family-wise error when doing many logistic regressions and t tests In my biomarker analysis, there are 100 biomarkers. Each biomarker is measured at 4 different time points. I'm looking for any biomarker that is associated with outcome variable at any timepoints. Here the outcome variable is 'Yes' and 'No'. I'm also trying to find  any biomarker is expressed differentially at any timepoint at the two outcome levels. I'm doing the following analysis:Run 100X4 univariate logistic regressions for all biomarkers for all time pointsRun 100x4 t test for all biomarkers for all time pointsMy question is: In both cases, should I control family-wise error rate? should I adjust p values? I really appreciate it if anyone can clarify me on this.  Thanks a lot in advance.
Why is correlation not used while splitting in Decision Trees? Say we have data where we have temperature, humidity, wind and rain for deciding whether we go and play tennis or not.While selecting best feature to split upon initially, we use ID3 or Gini index. My question is why not use correlation ie when the features have maximum correlation with the output, split on that feature.It seems obvious, but I can't find spit using correlation anywhere.
How much of a problem are autocorrelated residuals of a binary GAM (Generalized Additive model)? I'm trying to predict high or low crime rate in municipalities (binary 1/0 response variable) using a range of socioeconomic variables. Im doing this with a panel dataset with 300 municipality over 17 years (2006-2016). To be more specific I train the model on data from 2006-2015 and then predict with data on features/predictors from 2016.The binary GAM I'm using for prediction has quite heavily autocorrelated residuals, how will this affect my predictions?I have generally found very limited information on using panel/longitudinal data sets with binary response variables for prediction with Machine learning methods (Random Forest, Naive Bayes, K-NN) and would therefore also appreciate thoughts on this.One thing that bugs me is how to make a model like random forest or GAM notice the id and time dimensions of a panel dataset.
How to back-transform negative Beta coefficients of linear regression after log transformation? For a linear regression model, I have had to perform a natural log transformation of a response variable due to non-normal distribution in R. I am in the process of back-transforming the coefficients, which seems simple enough. However, some of my independent variables have a negative Beta associated with them. If I back-transform these Beta with an exponential function, as I would after a log transformation, these negative Beta would become positive. In order to retain the negative relationship, would I just add a negative sign to the back-transformed Beta? Thank you in advance.
On masked multi-head attention and layer normalization in transformer model I came to read Attention is All you Need by Vaswani. There two questions came up to me:1. How is it possible to mask out illegal connections in decoder multi-head attention?It says by setting something to negative infinity, they could prevent leftward information flow. Are they masking out attention weights or the hidden states from previous layer?2. Is it alright to set some arbitrary max_length for layer normalization?Let's say I set max_len 200. Whenever a sentence shorter than this comes in, LayerNorm will do whitening(i.e. subtract mean and divide by standard deviation) and linear mapping. The problem, I think is zero padding greatly affects whitening process. If a batch is composed of short sentences, like 10 or 20, then zero paddings are almost 80% of whole batch, which causes whitening makes data more close to zero-norm. Is this orthodox method? or is there any other practice?
Meaningful Sample Size I have a set of 100 people each assigned to one of the four groups (very short, short, tall, and very tall). How many people's height do I have to measure to know the general distribution of people among these groups with, let's say, p=90% confidence. How about if we disregard the very short and very tall groups since few people are in those two?Thanks!
Predicting Building Fire Alarms I have Building fire-alarm data for around 6 months - Date and the no. of building fire alarms triggered for that Date. I have to forecast the no. of fire alarms that can trigger in future based on this past data.I treated this a time series problem and used ARIMA for forecasting. I got the forecasted values but I am not convinced with the output and the strategy. I am thinking, whether it makes sense to do it? No. of fire alarms are not seasonal etc. They may depend of values from various other IoT sensors. Does it make sense to forecast no. of expected alarms based on past data? Should I try to get more (more features) data or my existing strategy is fine to go ahead with? Please suggest what makes most sense to do in this type of problem. How to frame this problem? What type of data should I collect and how should I go about solving this problem.Please help me get some direction.Regards,Nandy.
Adjust thresholds in multi-class classification I have trained a random forest classifier on a (highly-imbalanced) 3-class problem (A 1% of the data, B 96%, C 3%) and obtained probabilities for each of the three classes. Currently I assign an observation to the class with the highest probability.Is there a possibility to adjust the thresholds so I can make a statement like \"With maximal 1% probability we will be predicting B though it is actually A\"? How can this be done? I really need to control for this type of error while other errors are not that important.
Can I use one-way ANOVA instead of repeated measures ANOVA even when data has been collected for all subjects under all the conditions? I have data collected for 20 subjects under two conditions for each of the subject. When I want to compare the means of the two conditions, is it absolutely necessary that I use the paired T-test? My understanding is that in paired T-test it is easier to establish significance than the independent T-test because the former is affected by between subject variabilities as well. Under this argument, I believe that using independent T-test and establishing significance is stronger and valid. Am I correct?Along the same line of argument, can I use one-way ANOVA instead of repeated measures ANOVA even when data has been collected for all subjects under all the conditions? I am tempted to check one way ANOVA instead of repeated measures ANOVA because one way ANOVA lets me compare multiple dependent variables at once where repeated measures ANOVA requires me to make subject X condition tables for each of those variables (in SPSS). 
Why do we reserve a test set for final model evaluation? Why do we reserve a test set for final model evaluation?Let's say you train a model following nested k-fold cross-validation and that you end up with one really good model among many that you tried as well as an estimate of its generalization performance. Then one might even choose to retrain this best model on all of the available training data (not reserving any for validation).Finally literature has always told me to evaluate it on the test set to get some performance metric. Then what? You already arrived at your best model via the cross validation scheme, so what is this performance metric used for?In a machine learning competition like Kaggle it is useful to sort competitors by their performance on a fixed test set and pick a winner.But if you are developing a model for some practical application within a company, then what does test set performance give you if you already arrived at your best model via cross validation along with an estimate of its generalization performance?What if you look at it and decide you can do better? Later you look at it again and decide you can do even better by tuning something again. Aren't you risking overfitting the model to the test set? Unless you're doing this risky tuning dance back and forth (which you shouldn't if you don't want to risk optimistically biasing your model), then what is the point of a test set at all?
Survival Analysis - Account for heterogeneous time of entry with administrative censoring at year=T I am new to survival analysis, although in the past weeks I have done my share of reading, hence this might be a non-problem. I have marriage and divorce data, spanning many years. I'm trying to model the causal change in hazard of divorce of a reform. A marriage is considered treated if it starts after the year of the reform, otherwise it is in the control group.The year in which exposure to risk starts (i.e. the marriage year) is of course heterogeneous across individuals. Do I need to take this into account somehow? I am already controlling for year of birth and I am wondering if there's more I need doing, both from an identification perspective and from a technical one.
Does this forecast of a time-series makes sense? First of all, I don't know how to properly name the problem I am having and maybe is a naive question. I will illustrate it with an example, sorry about that.I want to optimize the air condition system of a home. The air condition system has two bottoms to set the minimum and the maximum temperature, so we can set the system to be between a rage of say 18-28\u00baC. What I mean by optimizing the system, is that I want to find out the best values to set the air condition so the temperature in the living room is always set to 21\u00baC. To do so, I have a lot of data about inside temperature, outside temperature, how many people is in the living room (as it would be more difficult to keep the temperature cool in summer), how many time the frontal door is open...As I am using temperatures and the air condition system does not change the temperature automatically, I have thought that time series modeling could be a good idea to solved this problem. I was thinking of considering all the variables like the outside temperature, the people in the living room and the time the frontal door is open as exogeneous series. Can I predict at what temperature should I set the minimum and maximum of the air conditioning? If so, how could I do that? I am having troubles to see if that makes sense as I am trying to set the temperature in the living room to 21\u00baC by just setting the air condition system, and there's no way I can predict the temperature that there will be, or is there a way?To me, what makes more sense is given a pair of minimum and maximum temperature try to predict the temperature that will be in the living room. The disadvantage of this approach is that I would need to compute the predictions for all the combinations of minimum and maximum temperatures of the air condition. Does this makes more sense?
Is there a relationship between number of covariates and sample size in logistic regression? Is there some definite relationship between number of covariates and the sample size in logistic regression? (e.g. larger the number of covariates, larger the sample size needed, etc.)Thank you,
Which Statistic Test should I apply in the following scenarios I have a survey data with Yes/No response variable and a categorical variable assigning survey takers to one of the 4 groups:16-24 years old25-34 years old35-54 years old55+ years oldI want to test the significance of my hypothesis:  People in the age group 55+ are more likely to use smartphones. What test should I use to test this hypothesis. If I had to change the response variable to multiple categories, how would my choice of the statistical test be affected?
Cross sectional regression in excel Hi Can someone please let me know whether cross sectional regression is possible in Excel?I'm trying to evaluate CAPM from MacBeth regression.I need to run the cross sectional regression, but seems it is not possible to do it in excel.Is this true?
Between-subject fMRI classification: subjects with different number of runs The main purpose of my work is to discriminate patients vs healthy controls using fMRI and multivariate pattern analysis (MVPA). Since I want to classify at the subject level I performed a separate subject GLM in order to get the parameter estimates for each task condition. Then I transformed beta estimates into t values in order to improve signal to noise ratio. I have 31 controls and 32 patients. All of them completed 3 runs except for 4 patients that only completed 2 runs due to fatigue. My question is: since MVPA is very sensitive to uneven classes should I exclude the 4 patients that only completed 2 runs and then balance classes by doing some kind of undersampling of the controls class for instance? My main concern is that those 4 patients have lower signal to noise ratio when compared to the others that completed 3 runs which could undermine classification accuracy.I searched through several papers and some textbooks but I cant find anything on uneven runs in between-subject classification analysis. I would appreciate it if someone shared some references about this topic.
What to do in meta-analysis if confidence interval not symmetrical? I'm about to make a meta analysis of a particular topic. I'm using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) ver. 3.0 for that reason. However, after I input all the necessary data, the software refused to create the forest plot because the studies included have asymmetrical confidence interval. I checked out that the default for 'allowed asymmetric CI ratio' is 1.10. I've changed the ratio to 2.0, which is the maximum input available. Even after that, there is one study that has asymmetrical CI ratio > 2.0.What I'm asking is:1. Is there any solution to minimize the asymmetry of the CI of the studies?2. Is there any solution to alter the 'allowed asymmetric CI ratio' to more than 2.0 so no study will be excluded in forest plot in CMA?If it turns out that a transformation can minimize the asymmetry of the CI, is the data still valid and presentable?
Violating the assumptions of one sample t-test and wilcoxon's sign test As far as the background of my research is concerned, I developed a framework for sustainability management in organizations through a systematic review of literature and sustainability reports. That framework was translated into a set of 52 statements. A couple of example of these statements are as follows:The leadership should inspire other organizational actors through their commitment towards sustainability management.The organization should define its sustainability vision and mission.The statements were posted online as a survey and experts in the field were invited to rate each statement on a five-point Likert scale (1 strongly disagree, 5 strongly agree). The survey was sent to 460 experts, 259 of which participated and 131 provided complete responses.All of the survey statements were considered as hypothesis (the null was to reject the statement, which goes against the literature review) and the primary idea was to run a 1 sample t-test to compare the means against a (self-defined) test score of 3.5. If the results turn out to be significant, the null would have been rejected and the framework (in the form of the statement) would have been validated. While studying for the 1 sample t-test, I came across its assumptions of normality and equal variance - which led me to its non-parametric alternative, one sample Wilcoxon's sign test. However, the literature suggests that the latter also makes assumptions about the symmetry of data. Since most of the survey respondents (experts) strongly-agree/agree with the statements of the survey (and rightly so, because these are representative of the literature), the data is skewed and has high kurtosis. For example, for the statements I have provided above, the skewness and kurtosis are -2.712 (st. err 0.212) and 5.438 (st. err 0.420) for the first statement and -2.9 (st. err 0.212) and 8.306 (st. err 0.420) for the second statement, respectively. Since my data is non-normal and asymmetric and does not have equal variances what should I do?I have a few other questions as well:1- I read in 'discovering statistics through SPSS' that if the sample size is greater than 25, one can go ahead with the one sample t-test. Would that be applicable to my case?2- Is the Wilcoxon's sign test robust to the violation of the assumption of symmetry? If so, is there any reference I can use? Please note that I am referring to one sample Wilcoxon's sign test only.3- If the answer to 2 is no, which other nonparametric tests can I use - which should have good power and can be performed in SPSS?4- In addition to the hypothesis testing, I will be doing a test for non-respondents bais, the reliability of the data, and the effect size. Will these tests be sufficient to achieve the goal of my study and to develop a story for the readers/audience or should I look for some other measures too?
Neural networks, batch vs sequential learning I've currently implemented a neural network and I want to know which works better, the sequential learning or the batch learning. As far as I understand, the batch learning is more efficient than the sequential learning, but according to the tests I've made, there is barely any difference between the accuracy of the two learning styles. Worth to notice is that I have a binary classification problem. My question is therefore, is there anything I can do to really showcase the difference between them, is one better for smaller type of training, more complex decision boundaries etc? Thanks in advance!
Is the sum of trends of two time series the trend of the sum of the time series? Let's say I have two time-series, A and B. I build time-series C as C=A+B.I estimate the trend of A, let's say I get +0.5 (Theil-Sen).I estimate the trend of B, let's say I get -0.4 (Theil-Sen).Can C have a trend estimate different from +0.1. Can it be negative?Can you give a simple example when this happens (negative C trend)?
Is the conditional distribution of Y given X the most we can know about how X \"affects\" Y? In his book \"Introductory Econometrics\Jeffrey Woolridge states \"The most we can know about how X affects Y is contained in the conditional distribution of Y given X\".Is this statement true?Would Judea Pearl agree with this statement?
What is the initial state of the tf.contrib.rnn.LSTMCell? Does tf.contrib.rnn.LSTMCell assign itself an initial state of zeros or is it random for each batch or per complete run through (if I run the model twice will it have the same initial state both the times)?
How to find the average given that you have the mean, standard deviation and amount? I have an assignment where I'm asked to find the the average shoe number for men and women from given data:Sum of men and women: 312Amount of men: 239Standard deviation of men: 1.63Mean of shoe number for men: 43.5Amount of women: 239Standard deviation of women: 1.4Mean of shoe number for women: 38.2Variance squared: 2321Sum of all shoe numbers: 13183But I have no idea how to find that using this data. Please help. Thanks in advance!
Find a model for two continuous predictors of a single categorical DV Suppose I ask subjects to place a value on two cups: A and B; on a scale from -10 to +10.She says A is worth -4 and B is worth 9.Now I say 'ok pick one'. She picks one. Now I ask 300 people the same thing.Simply, I want to model how their valuation of the options predicts which cup they pick (e.g. the greater the value they assign to one over the other, the more likely they are to pick it).What's the model?(I want to use a linear model because I want to control for other factors).Thank you!
Removing noise with Variational Autoencoders I have one question that is related to variational autoencoders: can they be used as a denosing algorithm in the same way as standard denosing autoencoders?I generally see people removing the encoder part of the VAE and use the rest as a generator of data, but I was wondering if I could still use the encoder-decoder combination (trained with noisy examples in input and clean in output) to generate a denosing algorithm.One question that comes to my mind is if the stochasticity of the VAE would prevent me from building a good denoiser.
what statistics should I use for demonstrating two data points I want to plot a time-series of emissions of a pollutant. For each year, I only have two data, one min value and one max value for the emissions.I only demonstrated the min, max and mean value in the time-series figure, but my boss said it was not enough. Should I use mean plus standard errors or Confidence Intervals or SD or others? and why it is better than just demonstrate min-mean-max?
how to present results for two group success rate with confidence interval I have two groups A and B, and for each data point I have two possible outcomes, success and failures. For each group, I have calculated the success rate, and the confidence interval for a binomial proportion. For example:A: success rate is 27% (interval +- 5)B: success rate is 42% (interval +- 4)I have also used the Fisher exact t-test to calculate the p-value and make sure the results are significant.My question is the following, how do I present these results? Can I say that there is a 15% improvement in success rate? with what confidence interval? what is the p-value? what else can I tell about my experiment? Thank you.
How to assess the effect of an intervention when having a control sample is unethical? I'd like to assess the effect of a medication X on some scalar, nominal and ordinal parameters of disease Y.Problem is, this medication X has proven to greatly reduce mortality in patients with disease Y, so depriving patients from this drug is a no-go. There is no other drug for this disease.The way our data collection system is set up, I have data on those parameters at baseline, that is when patients are diagnosed with disease Y and start taking drug X. I can also measure these parameters at any point while they take this medication. I'm currently thinking of running a paired t-test for the scalar and ordinal variables and chi-squared tests for the nominal variables. So, I'd like to ask; are there more powerful statistical tests for these hypotheses? is there a better way to set up such an experiment?I'm really grateful for your insights in advance!
Is Gini index actively involved in splitting a Random Forest node? Since there are many references that a RF uses a slightly different approach on splitting a node in comparison to Vanilla Bagging. Does Gini index play an active role in the split or it's just another index like Information Gain to measure the improvement of the uncertainty from one node to a next? 
Why linear regression and then approximation to the closest integer value is a bad idea if your dependent variable is ordinal? While thinking about methods on how to predict a dependent variable that is ordinal and constrained (0, 1, 2, 3, 5 are the only possible values), I found that an ordered logistic regression is an common approach used in the community and as a strategy, that make sense to me.However, I was trying to understand why another method that came into my mind is a bad idea.The method in question would be to use a simple linear regression and then map the predicted outcome to the closest integer in the range [0, 5].Would that be bad? Why?Explanations with references to theory would be greatly appreciated to fill the all the gaps I have in this matter.
Is a polynomial kernel ridge regression really equivalent to performing a linear regression on those expanded features? Say we have a dataset, X, which is Nx2 where N is the number of examples and 2 is the number of dimensions \"features\". If we were to run a kernel ridge regression (or SVM or whatever) on these features using a polynomial kernel of degree 2, it is my understanding that this would be equivalent to mapping your 2 dimensions to a feature space of all pairwise products and squares between the two dimensions, along with appropriate coefficients, and then performing linear regression in that space.My question is: is what I said above true? My confusion lies in the fact that the feature mapping that the literature says to use is some fixed mapping x1,x2 -> 1 + x1^2 + x2^2 + sqrt(2) * x1x2, so the relative weights for each of those terms is fixed. However, if we were to run a linear regression based on those features, our model is free to learn any relative weighting that's optimal. In particular, it seems like the latter approach has more degrees of freedom (I'm not 100% clear on how to describe this confusion).
Comparison of measurement methods I have three sets of measurements (A, B, and C) of the same thing. One of them is the gold standard (say A). I want to determine if B and C overestimate or underestimate the true measurement (which is A) and by how much. Can I simply use the sum squared error between A and B, and A and C? If not, which other statistical tool can I use to determine that?The measurement is a distance in centimeters and there are 32 subjects in the study.
what would be the best way to find out if a student's marks is increasing with the number of attempts he or she takes for a test? Please bear with me. I am quite a beginner in statistics.I want to analyse what would be the best way to find out if a student's marks is increasing with the number of attempts he or she takes for a test?So as to answer that if more practice means better performance?for example for a student in the first attempt he or she scores less marks then as he or she keeps taking more and more attempts his or her performance is increasing/decreasing.Say there is a data set of 40 students.For all the students we have a data set of number of attempts by each student.Now I have to analyse whether more number of attempts by a student means better performance than a student making lesser attempts
Am I employing and interpreting linear mixed-effects modelling correctly here? I'm interested in the effect of a categorical variable X (let's say the application of heat) on continuous variable Y (the expression level of a particular gene). I have measurements of Y for samples of several different types of cells from several different subjects under both conditions of X. I'm interested in the effect of heatshock on the expression of the gene and am not interested in the cell type (a fixed effect?). However I do expect that the cell type may affect the baseline expression of my gene and interact with the effect of heatshock (i.e. the strength of the effect of heatshock may vary depending on the cell type, but should always be in the same direction).I used lme4 in R as follows:<blockquote>  m &lt;- lmer( Expression ~ HeatCondition * Celltype +(1|Subject), data=dat)    summary(m)    dat.null = lmer(Expression ~  Celltype +(1|Subject), data=dat,REML=FALSE)    dat.model = lmer(Expression ~ HeatCondition * Celltype +(1|Subject), data=dat,REML=FALSE)    anova(pv.null, pv.model)</blockquote>There was a significant difference in the likelihood of my two models. However, I'm unsure how to report the effect of heatshock. Do I report the estimated fixed effect and standard error of HeatCondition or HeatCondition:Celltype? Or am I going about this all the wrong way and should be looking at both main effects and the interaction separately like an ANOVA? If somebody could set me straight, I'd much appreciate it.Also, would anything change if instead of cell type, I had an ordinal or a discrete variable, such as an approximate co-ordinate or age? (N.B. - details of the variables are changed for simplicity, so please take my word for it on the nature of the variables and their relationships if there's any inconsistency in that regard.)
How to extrapolate training metrics to test dataset? i have split my training data 30/70 and trained models, my models are performing really well on the training set but i have a large unlabelled dataset where i want to do inference, how could i measure accuracy on this dataset for which i don't have the correct answer.I want to know how well my model does in production. how would you validate a large dataset say 600k examples you are doing inference on, i have around 40 classes which i am predicting. If i validate a sample of this by hand can i then extrapolate those metrics to the whole population. Have you come across similar examples ? My models are performing really well on the training data 98% F1 scores. I was thinking of using a bayesian estimation to find out how well my does in production. I don't have feedback loop so i need to check the predictions manually.
Test for equivalence after sampling into test groups I want to test the effects of different versions of treatment across multiple test groups of a given population.  In order to do that, I want to randomly sample my population into, let's say, 4 groups of 2000+ subjects each.After sampling, I generally try to evaluate each group for equivalence prior to assigning treatment and executing the test.My question is on how to test for equivalence. In the past I have used ANOVA to evaluate differences of mean on a given attribute (for example, AGE or CHRONIC_CONDITION Y/N), or I have used t-tests to evaluate differences in attribute distribution...remember the goal here is to ensure that my groups are as \"equivalent\" as possible.  However, I feel like there is probably a better way to measure similarity. ANOVA feels too squishy, and T-Tests become unmanageable with each version (for example, 4 groups would require 6 t-tests: AB, AC, AD, BC, BD, CD).Are there better methods to evaluate sampled group equivalence or similarity?  Bonus question: a way to do it in Python?Note: I've searched the archive but haven't found exactly what I'm looking for. Happy to have another look if someone finds a thread.
Are \"the probability of something being seen\" and \"the probability of someone seeing something\" the same? I'm puzzling over how to treat the distribution of TV advertising spots.I have a list of spots and the % of the population who saw them.What I'm trying to get is a Gamma distribution representing the viewing audience and their probability of seeing random spots. Obviously some people watch more TV than others and therefore have a higher chance of seeing a random spot.I can fit a Gamma distribution to the spots, but I have a nagging feeling that the distribution of spots is not the same as the distribution of viewing probabilities, i.e., the distribution of the probability that a spot was seen is different to the distribution of the probability of someone seeing a spot.Can someone help me untangle my thoughts on this? Thanks.
Power analysis for t-test instead of ANOVA Let's say I have an experiment with a 2x2 repeated-measures design. Let's call the four cells A1B1, A1B2, A2B1, A2B2, for the factors A and B, each with two conditions, labeled 1 and 2. I want to compute the power needed for a main effect of A, and for an interaction, reflecting a moderation of the effect of A in different levels of B. I plan to analyze the data using a repeated measures ANOVA. My question is about the implications of using a power analysis for t-test in order to determine the sample size. (I am putting aside the question of how to determine the desired effect size; let's say I know it is d=0.2).To be specific, for the main effect of factor A, I will run a power analysis for a dependent-samples t-test that will compare the average of A1 and the average of A2. For the interaction, I will run a power analysis for a dependent-samples t-test that will compare the average of A2B1-A1B1 and the average of A2B2-A1B2.  Is there any risk of underestimation of the required sample-size? The more general question is about this method for other designs as well. Any effect in an ANOVA can be tested in a t-test. That is not recommended, of course, but for the power-analysis, is there any risk of underestimating the required sample size in computing the power for that t-test? 
In marketing experiment, can we determine the effect customer state has on response? We have the goal of determining whether an email campaign has an impact on the amount of product that customers purchase. We have customers from several states but much more from some states than others. Customers from some states do in general buy more than customers from others.Suppose we randomly assign 10% of the customers to the control group (they will not receive the email). Are we going to be able to determine what effect state has on customer response? Is there some obvious way this experiment should be analyzed?
Multilevel Poisson Regression I have some data with individual level variables (like satisfaction) and these individuals are nested within buildings (there are 12 different buildings) and I have a continuous variable that is measured at the building level. I'm trying to use this to predict an outcome that is count data. Should I be running a sort of multilevel model here? If so, what could this model say about my data differently than if I just combined all these factors into a linear model?
Intuition behind choosing between versions of Engle-Granger and Johansen cointegration tests No matter how much I've been searching so far, I haven't found any clear explanation of the logic behind choosing the optimum version of cointegration tests (No constand, with constant, with constant and trend etc.).Is there any formal etiology behind the intuition of such consideration?
Statistical analysis of two same experimental measurements Say I have two blood samples (Sample A and Sample B).Now, I want to do a measurement (dependent variable, let's call it D) on both samples, at 5 different levels of mechanical stress (independent variable, let's call it I). However, since some calculations is involved to get D and I, and also since the devices have some uncertainty, both dependent and independent variables are reported as: I+/-U1   and  D+/-U2, where U1 and U2 are the total uncertainties for independent and dependent variables, respectively.U1 is composed of device uncertainty only (which is actually the error propagation).U2 is composed of device uncertainty and repeated measurement uncertainty.Say, we want to do 10 measurements at each of the 5 different stress levels (for both samples A and B). Note that, when I plot D vs. I, there will be both vertical and horizontal bars for the uncertainty.Now, I want to see if the difference between D in sample A is significantly different than that in the sample B at each stress level.What kind of statistical test should I use?Regards,
Importance of C statistic in logistic regression I am working on a dataset with 1500 cancer patients. The research question is impact of various patient and surgery related variables on disease specific mortality. So the outcome/dependent variable is a binary. I ran logistic regression to assess effects of variables on outcome. The variables were chosen after univariate analysis based on the p value &lt;0.25. Hosmer-lemeshow test confirmed goodness of fit of the model. But on calculating the C statistic the AUC was 0.65. Can both these tests contradict each other? If so, then what conclusion can i derive about the predictive ability of the model?
Find significance between two group proportions My question is the following: what statistical test would I use to compare the proportion of participants between two groups. For example, if in 2009, 20% of participants ( population was 55) to a competition were students, and in 2019, 50% of participants (population was 99) were students, how can I show that's a significant increase? I am given the sample sizes.
Best Suitable feature selection method for ordinal logistic regression I have 33 variables my dataset, I need to omit some less significant features then, which is the \"best suitable feature selection method \" for the Ordinal Logistic Regression? 
Convex optimization: Is gradient descent faster if a regularizer is added? I am not sure if this is a true statement or not but there appears to be an intuition around this among experts in the field that I do not quite understand.The idea is: Given a convex optimization problem that will be solved using gradient descent, it is sometimes advantageous to add an extra term to the objective function (the regularizer). On Wikipedia, it suggests that regularizers are good to avoid overfitting but in our case, the problem is simply finding an optimal $x^*$ that minimizes a convex function $f(x)$ so this doesn't seem to apply.So in what sense is adding a regularizer better for convex optimization? How can one prove, for instance, that convergence is faster if we add this term? I realize this is perhaps a basic and broad question so references are fine too, if an answer is too big to fit in the scope of this site.
What is the point of Dirichlet prior? I understand the multinomial distribution and that it can calculate the likelihood of some vector D to happen given the probability vector P' i.e. P(D|P'). Now with Dirichlet prior we are introducing a prior for those probabilities. However, up to my understanding Dirichlet prior is only used for the posterior (pls. correct me if I am wrong) P''=P(P'|D) which means if this vector D happens then what is the probability of it, but what is the point from calculating P(P'|D), is it for recalculating or lets say updating the probability P' to a new value P'' or is it used for something else?(Please bear with me: if the point from this is updating P' to P'' then we could do that directly without this lengthy process by increasing, using a math formula, a little the probabilities corresponding to the events happening in D and decreasing a little from the probabilities corresponding to those not in D)
Approaches to reduce dimensions (feature selection/extraction) with high dimensional count data before running tree based model My dataset has ~100k samples and 3000 dimensions. The data are   counts, anywhere between 0-8 and it's pretty sparse. Because of 'curse of high dimension',  I want to shrink the number of variables before running tree-based model (random forest or xgboost). Some of the approaches I'm trying is:run random forest and select the top K variables, and then run random forest on data with selected variables.same as above for xgboostrun PCA to reduce dimension, then run rf or xgboostAre these approaches appropriate? Any other suggestions? BTW, does PCA on my sparse count data make sense? I feel tt's not appropriate to do standardization on my sparse count data, which is required for PCA.Thanks a lot for advice!
Splitting event data into training and testing with all the events in training ending before the events in testing starts I have a dataset with event data. It has a date of start and date of finish vareiable. I need to predict time remaining until an event finishes. The problem is that I can't use events in future time to predict events before that date. That is why I need to somehow split the data into training set with only events that finish before the events in the testing dataset start and still maintain a nice 75/25 or 80/20 split. Any ideas?Thanks!Some clarification of the problem: Events are actually aggregated cases with one-hot encoded columns of different type of events as counts of occurance. The problem is to predict the actual time remaining until the end of an event. The reason for this particular split, is that you can't use events that happen in the future, to predict the remaining time of cases (and therefore events belonging to this case). If you do that, it is assumed that they are independent, but they are actually not.
What's an application of order statistics? I'm trying to understand order statistics but am having a hard time conceptually understanding it.
Bivariate vs. multivariate analysis I have been reading a few papers lately that has done both bivariate and multivariate analysis on their data. What I have seen most of the times is that they usually do the bivariate analysis first, and if the p-value is below 0.05 they will do the multivariate as well. But what I have been reading that is, or at least CAN be an erroneous approach since there might not be much connection between variables if done alone, but sometimes when in combination with others, and reversely.So what would be the correct approach ?Let's say I want to make some kind of model that takes the important variables into account. What if the p-value is &lt;0.05 for bivariate analysis, but above when multivariate is used. And what if it is above in bivariate and below in multivariate etc.Basically, what would be the correct approach, or are there many different ? 
Distinction between probability and probability mass function (PMF)? Assume $X$ is a discrete-valued random variable. Often in literature the same notation is used for the probability $Pr(X = x)$ as for the probability mass function $P(X)$. Clearly, this is because both entities represent probabilities: $Pr(X = x)$ represents probability directly, whereas $P(X)$ is a probability-valued function.Under what circumstances does the distinction between the two objects $Pr(X = x)$ and $P(X)$ become important, or even crucial? Or, alternatively, are there theoretical reasons why it is always ok to use the same notation to refer to both?
What if cross-validation fails to prevent overfitting I'm training a random forest model with AUC as performance metric. I've splitted my data to train set (70%) and test set (30%) and performed cross-validation on train set to tune the hyperparameters. As for now, I've ended up with a model that has ~0.95 AUC on the training data, ~0.85 AUC in cross-validation process and ~0.84 AUC on the test data. It seems to me that cross-validation failed in that case and although it estimate test error pretty nice, my model is overfitting. I know that one way to prevent overfitting is to get more data, but it's usually not possible (as in this case). In case of linear or logistic regression I could remove some features as well, but I think random forests naturally ignores features that are irrelevant. Why, despite using cross-validation, my model overfits? What can be done to resolve that issue?
OLS regression for not normally distributed data? In a college course I try to measure the abnormal returns (the returns that are below or over the returns of the market) of a companies stock after a specific event based on linear OLS regression. When interpreting the results with t-statistic and corresponding p-value, the professor of the course told me that these abnormal returns I observe have to be normally distributed. Otherwise the t-test would lead to miss specified results. If I am not mistaken, OLS assumes the normal distribution of the error terms. Unfortunately I don\u2019t really get why the effect I would like to observe has to be normally distributed in order to get unbiased results. What Problems arise when the data i observe are not normally distriuted? Do I have to work with approach in this case (not OLS regression)?Thanks in advance
UK transit visa (Sri Lankan holding Schengen student visa ) I'm a Sri Lankan national. I'm currently doing my M.Sc. in Norway. So I have a Schengen Student visa (temporary resident permit) which I renew every year.My question is that if I want to transit via London Heathrow without entering the UK do I need a transit visa? Because the www.gov.uk site does mention that there are exemptions for people with long stay visa (Category D Visa) in EEA countries. I couldn't find any information about my specific situation. Is my Schengen Student visa (temporary resident permit) a category D visa which qualifies for transit in the UK without a visa?Thank you!
Can I transport bullet caps on a flight within the EU? I am traveling from Germany to Bulgaria over the upcoming holidays.Information:My uncle is a hunter and wants me to bring him some bullet caps that are not available in Bulgaria. I would transport them in my checked luggage.So overall there would be no black-powder or even shells; it would be just the bullet tips.Am I allowed to have the bullet tips in my luggage? Do I need to worry about being held up by either German or Bulgarian border-control/police?I do not possess a firearms licence and i have both German and Bulgarian citizenship if that should matter in any way.<br />Flying with Lufthansa directly to Sofia airport.
I want to travel to the Netherlands as a non-EU national, but my Russian passport expires in 1 month Here is what I have.I am 17 years old, and I have a Russian passport, currently living in greece.I've been living in Greece (a European country) from the age of 2.I also do have a residence permit that expires in 2021.My mother doesn't have a European/Greek passport, but she is married to a Greek/European citizen.I want to go to the Netherlands for 2 weeks, with a return ticket. However, 2 weeks after my return, my passport will expire. Basically, my passwort will NOT expire during my stay in the Netherlands, but it will be expire 1 month from today.I have traveled to the Netherlands last summer, using my Russian passport and my \"residence card of a family member of a Union citizen\". I could go through the Greek and the Dutch checks with ease, and I did not need a visa.Is it definite that I will be stopped from boarding the plane, since my passport expires in a month? (While it should not expire 3 months after my return, since I heard that's a rule).Take in consideration that I cannot renew my Russian passport more than 2 months before it expires, and it takes 2 months to succesfully renew it. This basically makes it impossible for me to travel anywhere in the EU for this small gap of time. What if I was an adult with a job? It doesn't make sense.
How to go to the airport in Sofia after midnight? My next flight departs from Sofia on the morning, but I could not find how I can get to the airport from the city centre. The metro does not operate until 5:30 so I can't use as I must arrive before 5:00.I checked Uber, but only found that it stopped operations in Bulgaria. Also I walked around 0:00 to 4:00 these days but I didn't see any taxi.So is there any option to get to the airport? I feel I must arrive before midnight and stay at the airport for 5 hours...
European debit cards in Japan I will be traveling [from Austria] to Japan for two weeks soon.From searching online it seems that I should prepare a few hundred euros and convert them to Yen as soon as I get there, since my MasterCard and my EU debit card are not going to be very popular for these choices.But while the MasterCard is mentioned often (both on this site and elsewhere) as something that is sometimes being accepted, especially for larger purchases, there is no mention of debit cards (e.g. Maestro).Are there places in Japan, specifically Tokyo, to get cash using European debit cards? Or should I just assume there are none, and bring a wad of cash with me?
Air ticket compensation for changed flight The departure time for my flight from Vienna to Lisbon (TAP) was changed from 13h15 to 18h30 (also the flight number changed). I was informed 2 days before departure about this by text message, but no reason was mentioned.Does this situation count as a delayed flight (5h15 late) and am I entitled for any compensation (e.g. miles, discount on next flight, etc...)?If the latter, where in Portugal should I apply for a compensation?
Inclement weather at destination airport during layover in a foreign country As many of you North Americans know, there is an upcoming winter storm hitting the Northeast soon (at time of writing). I am about to take a flight from Shanghai, China back to New Jersey, with a layover in Narita, Japan.If I arrive in Narita and the second leg of my flight is delayed (possibly to the following day), will I be permitted to exit the airport? What would be the standard procedure for the airline? (In addition, what would happen if I had to stay overnight?)Additional information:I'm a Chinese citizen, leaving from Pudong International Airport, stopping at Narita, and finally arriving at Newark International. The first leg (Shanghai-Narita) is operated by All Nippon Airways, and the second leg (Narita-Newark) is operated by United Airlines. I am also a minor (under 18), but not considered as an unaccompanied minor, at least by United.Thanks in advance!
Can I take roller skates through airport security? I regularly travel nationally and occasionally internationally to play roller derby. If my roller skates get lost in transit (it has happened to people I know) my entire trip is ruined, so I prefer to take them as carry-on. When I'm going through airport security however, it is hit and miss as to whether they let you take them through. It varies between airports and even security staff. One time a security officer asked their supervisor and they were cleared to go through, another time the supervisor said no.Are roller skates specifically allowed through airport security as carry on? I'm interested in Australia, the UK, the USA and Spain right now, but more broadly continental Europe as I may be flying there sometime in the future.
Olive oil pricing in Croatia Last year we spent two weeks in a camping resort in Croatia and bought 1 liter of olive oil (bottled) in the resort's supermarket for ~220 kn (~ \u20ac29.50 at today's rate).We realized that the price we paid for this (cheapest) oil was nearly 10 times more than what we would have paid in Germany for the same item. In contrast, other things like wine, milk products etc. were only a little more expensive than elsewhere but relatively normal, and as what you would expect to pay in a resort's market.We didn't check whether the same high prices occurred in other markets in Croatia, but I think we would have observed the same thing.Why was that so? In Greece e.g., or other places that produce olive oil we did not observe such high prices.
A complete set of driving rules in Norway I am going to spend an extended period of time in Norway and will have to do quite a lot of driving. I wonder where could I find a complete set of driving rules in Norway (preferably in the form of a book or some sort of tutorial with a natural order that I could follow from A to Z)? The information could be either in English or in Norwegian.I know in some countries there are specialized books that serve as tutorials for to-be drivers and include all the relevant information you need to know as a driver. I have tried searching a bit but only found some legal material regarding traffic (written in a legal language and thus hard to read) and some books which I was not quite sure about (I did not want to spend 30 to 50 bucks on a book just to find out it is not what I need).
What do you do with your luggage, in England, during a short visit to a town between trains? My wife tells me that you can no longer keep your luggage, for a few hours, in a storage room at the train station, generally, in England.So if you're travelling from town A, where you were overnight, to town C, where you'll be overnight, with your luggage, by train, and you're changing trains in town B, where you'd like to see the sites for a few hours: What do you do with your luggage?(To be specific, town B is Peterborough.)(Is there, in fact, some place at a train station?  Can you pay to leave it in a hotel that you're not a guest at?  Or??)(The linked question suggest doing a search for \"luggage storage service\" with the town in question.  That turned up nothing.)
Refund for Flight Cancellation - SATA Many months ago, SATA (now known as Azores Airlines) canceled a flight from the Azores to Boston on which my wife and I had confirmed passage. EU regulations are clear that under the circumstances which obtained, we were owed financial compensation. I wrote to the carrier providing all details and citing regulations, but have received only automated replies to my original message and numerous follow-ups. Anyone have relevant experience? What's the best way to contact the EU regulators?
Indian passport holder working at European branch. Do I need a visa to work at US branch and if so, which one? I am an Indian passport holder working in the German branch of my office on a valid work permit. If my company wants to send me to the US for work, do I need a visa? If yes, what is the visa and how fast can I get it?If no visa is required, does it come under the ESTA program?
Can I apply for spousal visa ? I have been refused under 320 7(a) I am married to a girl in the UK. We are now planing to apply for a spousal visa. I was refused under 320 7(a) in 2009 due to false bank statement submission. Will this automatic ban period affect this new visa application as it is a spousal visa and I was refused a student visa? Please help me find a way out if any.
Canada Tourist Visa Application I was filling out the application form for Canada visitor visa application. Some background, I am an Indian citizien working full time in the united states and currently on F1 visa.I have the following questions regarding the application:Personal Details, Section 7- Country of ResidenceHere I have to enter the start and end date of my visa.Will the date be the issue and expiry date of my F1 visa ?Details of my visit to Canada, Section 4It asks for the address and name of the person I am visiting thereI dont have any immediate family members living in canada. I am not sure what to enter in this feildDetails of my visit to Canada, Section 3There may not be a specific answer for this but how much money am I expected to have to show that I am capable of funding my own expenses in canada ?
Virgin Australia and Swiss Airlines frequent flyer points On Virgin Australia's Velocity Frequent Flyer program (gold status), if I fly Singapore Airline and Swiss Airlines in a multi ticket business class, will I get points and status credits?This frequent flyer program is not specifically in Star Alliance but I can easily join up with miles and bonus or KrisFlyer. There is also a Qantas flight in there but let's not confuse the problem.
Sponsorship visa to the UK My girlfriend is based in the UK, a single mom of two little girls, working class, has her place etc.We have been dating since April 2017. She visited Nigeria in October to see my family, with which she spent a week. So I plan to visit her family and formally introduce myself. She said she will be my sponsor and she would apply for the visa for me from the UK. We are both 33 years old. My account has 1,500 pounds after conversion. Please what steps do we need to take to ensure my application is successful? Plus I currently work for a well-known telecom company in Nigeria. What do we both need to get a successful application.
10-hour layover in Nairobi (NBO) I am flying on a Canadian passport to JRO via NBO and I have TWO separate itineraries. The first flight gets me to NBO via Lufthansa at 8:40pm and then the second flight departs NBO via Kenya Airways at 7:30am.It seems I need to pick up my bags and recheck. Will I need a Kenyan transit visa for this?Thanks.
I planning to to travel to Croatia and Germany as a tourist. Do I need two separate visas or one multiple-entry Schengen visa? I am entering the Schengen area from Croatia, staying there for 10 days. I will then travel to Germany for 5 days and exit from Vienna airport (no stay in Austria). Do I need to apply separate visas for the Schengen area and Croatia or will a multiple-entry visa applied at the German consulate do?Thanks in advance.
Traveling from Ontario to Buffalo I need to travel from Ontario to Buffalo to have a document notarized, but I do not have a current passport. I am a Canadian citizen with parents from Norway and the UK. What other documents can I use to cross the border?
Strictly using a taxi: LaGuardia, Newark or JFK for midtown Manhattan? Which New York airport would you choose for the easiest taxi transfer to midtown?So, You are using a taxi (or any similar vehicle service - limo, uber, etc.)You are arriving on a domestic flight.For completeness, say you are going to midtown - Times Square.The taxi fare is irrelevant.Which airport results in the quickest overall time from walking off the plane to stepping into the hotel?So again, you can choose which of the three airports you'll arrive at. Which one is quickest and easiest for a taxi to town?
B1/B2 vs ESTA - Airline A few days ago I received an email from Customs and Border Protection. I stated that I got on  September 25, 2012 a  B1 / B2 visa, expiring on September 24, 2022.\u2028 I booked my trip from November 20, 2017 to February 20, 2018 with final destination to Hawaii.A few hours before the departure date (November 19, 2017)  I tried to check in online on the American Airlines website, for me and my girlfriend. Her check-in went through, but not mine. They asked me to fill the Visa Waiver Program, even though I had a visa for 6 months.I tried to call somebody in Italy to have some explanation, but because it was Sunday, I didn\u2019t get any answer. I was very worried so I went online and  I filled the form of for the Visa Waiver Program.When I did the check-in at the airport, I asked and they didn\u2019t see any problem about my B1/B2 visa. They told the maybe it was some technical problem.Only last night when I got that email I realized that my passport was stamped with the 90 days ESTA visa, and  not for my girlfriend. Maybe someone can help me to understand. Are airlines allowed and forced to use the ESTA if I still have a B1/ B2 visa?What are the consequences, if next year I wish fly back to the USA? Can I use my B1/B2 instead of the ESTA (which is valid for 2 years)?I will leave the USA on time, before the visa waiver expires. Please let me understand what I need to do.
Applying for UK Visa - what documents can I submit in lieu of marriage certificate? My wife and I got married but have not yet been able to get the marriage certificate made in India (Indian citizens).We are planning to travel to the UK in March 2018. In our individual applications, we mentioned each other as our spouses and included all requested details (name, date of birth, passport number). Now the checklist is requesting for a marriage certificate.Is this going to be a problem? We are both working so neither is dependent on the spouse.What document/s can I submit in lieu of the marriage certificate?I don't think we have enough time to postpone the visa appointment and get the certificate in time - or is this the only way out?I would really appreciate any help and my apologies if this is a duplicate question. I could not find any query similar to this. Many thanks in advance.
Staying with relatives in UAE for one night \u2014 appropriate visa? I hold German citizenship, and am traveling from Germany to India. I'd like to visit relatives in the United Arab Emirates, which would work out nicely with my itinerary, but I'd stay over night in Abu Dhabi.Is a transit visa sufficient here?
Can I cancel the flight you are already on board but still at the gate? This is a hypothetical question and I would like to know the passenger's rights.If an airline company treats you poorly and you wish to fly with another company OR if your flight is having a technical problem and you start doubting reliability of the aircraft while boarding.There could be various reasons that you might feel uncomfortable to spend the time with the airline.  Does the airline allow a passenger to leave the flight regardless of any reason? And if the company admits their fault then do they refund the fee to the leaving customer?
Can I travel with my passport expiring soon? Can I travel to the US with my Philippines passport, which is going to expire in May 2018? I'm a green card holder and my flight is this April. 
Hook turn limitations How many vehicles could stand by for a hook turn in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia? I can't find its answer anywhere. And if there's a restriction, what do the vehicles who need to turn, do? Let's assume that you're only allowed to perform a right hook turn from far left only.
Health insurance for J visa Do international students who are J visa have to get health insurance first, before getting J visa? Or the students can have health insurance after they get into US? 
Are there any Carthaginian ruins in Libya? Libya is known for some beautiful and well-preserved Ancient Roman ruins.  Before it belonged to Rome, the territory of modern-day Libya was part of the Carthaginian Empire.  Do there exist any monumental or architectural ruins from the Carthaginian era that can be visited by tourists?I'm aware that it's generally not considered safe to visit Libya at the moment.  Consider this question to be long-term planning for a future visit once the political situation has stabilized.  If any Carthaginian sites were open to tourists during the Gadaffi era, and are not known to have been destroyed since then, please tell me about them.
Extending stay in Schengen area as I'm about to get European citizenship I'm currently doing a pre-doctoral internship in Europe. I currently own a citizenship that allows me to stay in the Schengen area only for 90 days. However, I'm expecting to get Hungarian citizenship quite soon. In fact, the lawyer I hired said that my citizenship is confirmed and only needs to pass registration so I can get a birth certificate, with which I can get a Hungarian passport.Can I extend my stay under these special circumstances in the Schengen area? If not, do I need to exit the country and apply for a student visa? Will a letter from my professor help?
Is it possible to connect with Hainan Airlines from India/Bangladesh? I am looking into the option of visiting Mexico with a direct flight of Hainan Airlines from PEK, Beijing. But I cannot find any flight option to fly from India or Bangladesh that would connect with the Hainan flight, enabling me to have a single itinerary and PNR, allowing me to use the 24-hour Chinese transit without visa.I have a Bangladeshi passport, with only Indian and Mexican visas on it. Any suggestion?Thanks.
Schengen visa requirements (company letter and travel insurance) I would like to apply for a Schengen tourist visa, but I checked out Italy and I wonder about some of its requirements.Insurance requirement<blockquote>  The insurance must cover medical fees, hospitalization and repatriation costs up to 30,000 euros or SGD 50,000.</blockquote>Is the sum for all 3 or for each of them?Company letterDoes the letter need to mention all countries in my trip, or Italy only, or Europe?I hope I can find some enlightenment here.
Visa ban/ British passport application I have been refused a UK visa because of a fake immigration stamp.The picture attached is the document I was given.However, I am a British citizen by descent but haven't made applications for my passport.. Is this an outright ban and can I still apply for a British passport or does this affect my British passport applications?
Carrying codeine based medicine through Taipei en route to Kuala Lumpur My wife and I are flying out to Kuala Lumpur this evening (well, 01:30 tomorrow morning).  I came down with a nasty cough, fever, etc. for the last three days.  My doc has just diagnosed me with bronchitis, which, while annoying, isn't contagious, and will go away on it's own.I don't want to be coughing the whole trip (who wants to sit next to that guy?), so I asked him for a prescription for codeine based cough syrup, and he cautioned me that flying into Asia with opiate derived drugs is rarely a good idea.  With that in mind, he wrote me a second prescription to be filled in Malaysia once we're there.  He also wrote me a prescription for Zithromax in case my symptoms worsen (bronchitis is usually a virus, so antibiotics are useless). I've spent about half an hour Googling around trying to find out if either TPE or KUL customs is going to much care about a 120ml bottle of codeine based cough syrup (especially partially used by the time they see it, the flight to TPE from SEA is nearly 13 hours, TPE to KUL is another 4-1/2).  The only results I seem to get are for Singapore, where we won't be going this trip.As far as TSA goes, my understanding is that liquid prescriptions that go over the 3oz limit are still allowed.I generally do a lot more research before asking a question, but I'm beat and want to take a nap before our ride picks us up in a few hours, can you guys do some research for me?  Thanks!I figure at worst, take about half a bottle with me, take one last dose and ditch it before entering TPE, even though we'll only be there for about 75 minutes or so.
Can I book a flight from India to Latvia passing through Ukraine? Can I book a flight from India to Latvia passing through Ukraine? Do I need a visa in Ukraine?
Nexus card interview questions, not living in Canada yet? I got my Canadian PR 6 months ago but haven't moved there yet. I am living in US since last 8 years and this makes me eligible for Nexus card. I will be giving my interview this week. I would like to know people's experiences with these interviews and the kind of questions they ask. My main objective in getting the Nexus card is the possibility of using fast lanes during land/air travel. I am already conditionally approved but worried about CBSA asking residency questions (I still have 2.5 years technically to live outside Canada and still satisfy RO).
Cheapest flight \"from any city\" NB the suggested dupe has no working answers. note that the answers here so far are fabulous and work in 2018I was just looking at flights from \"North America\" to ICN (Seoul, Korea); I observe that the price varies greatly depending on your departure city.So, LA (seems to be) drastically cheaper than SF, Vancouver is different again, etc.  The price difference can be very dramatic.In some contexts it's possible to choose \"where you leave from\" (imagine you're doing a lot of business travel, or incorporating other visits, etc).In fact, is there a site that finds the cheapest fares in this concept?I really haven't found a QA about this on here(I notice, the answers to fare-engine questions seem to change dramatically over time anyway.  Would be good to know a solution for these days, 2018!)I guess a more specific version of my question would be \"From which city in the US is the cheapest flights to ICN, in say May?\" and generally how do you determine that, other than an exhaustive search ??
Can I apply for a F1 Visa while in the U.S. on a Visa Waiver (VWP ESTA) (NO Status change in the U.S.)? I am planning on visiting my friend in the United States in May and June on a ESTA. I will study in the U.S. in August with a F-1 visa. I was wondering if anyone knows if I can APPLY for the F-1 Visa in the United States? I don't need to change my status while on the ESTA. I will return to Germany and re-enter later.I am just worried that July is not enough time to get my VISA in Germany for August and trying to figure out if I need to cancel my plans! I would love to hear someone's experience!
Is a medical evaluation required for Australia's eVisitor (subclass 651) visa? I just applied for a 651 for my son to make his annual visit here from the UK, which is usually processed in a day or two. This time, however, they've requested that he get a medical exam and chest x-ray? Why?We do this every year; the only difference now is that he's 18 years old and that I'm now an Australian citizen.Has anyone else ever been requested to do this? Is it possible that it's a mistake? Surely they can't expect every holiday visitor to spend time and a large amount of money prior to a visit to Australia.
Lufthansa & Dolomiti, Europe to Asia I am traveling from Prague to Hong Kong via Munich. It is my first time with transfers and I have no idea about the following.Transfer PRG (Dolomiti) -> MUN (Lufthansa) -> HKTime for transfer (not boarding!) is just 45 minutes. I read some advice (small airport, same terminal, no care of baggage - one ticket), but do I have to pass through security again (I read about transits, but is it also the case  in Munich)?Is it possible to be on time? (I supposed yes, if company offers the ticket).What is your experience with Lufthansa (Economic Basic) and this (or similar) flight?Transfer HK (Lufthansa) -> MUN (Lufthansa) -> PRGTime for transfer is about 6 hours. Could I leave (without baggage) the airport? This relates to the second question:Do I have to claim my baggage? Or does it \"wait\" 6 hours somewhere? If yes, can I reach it?Do I have to declare things like a bottle of alcohol, a mobile phone (200\u20ac) from HK? How much is it away from reality? It seems to me that everybody has something to declare... (I found the EU limit on alcohol is 1 liter. That couldn't be realistic).Thank you very much for any answer on above topics although it is clearly simple for others. I have little experience and I have to be prepared.
UK Refugee Blue Travel document holder. Why can't I travel to Italy anymore? I'm a UK Refugee Blue Travel document holder. Why can't I travel to Italy anymore?Today they denied me boarding on the plane. I do not know why and how to complain. I paid for my tickets and no one told me about it, even Ryanair, with which I travelled before without any problems.Any help is appreciated.
Where do I apply for Schengen Visa? I'll be travelling to Europe from 30th May to 13th June. I plan on reaching Vienna on the morning of 30th and leaving for Prague on 2nd July. From there, I'll travel to Krakow on 5th July. From there on 8th July, I'll leave for Bratislava. And from Bratislava to Budapest on 10th July. I'll leave Budapest on 13th July. Since my time of staying in each country is almost the same, should I apply at the Austrian Embassy since they'll be my point of entry? Also, I haven't purchased tickets for flights yet. Is it necessary or just giving the itinerary of flights I plan to use work? I came across websites offering flight reservations for a nominal fee. Should I use that?
Travelling to Lisbon from India I am planning to travel to Lisbon on 23/September and return to India on 6/October.I am planning to travel to Paris/Madrid and then take a train from there.Can some one tell me how much time does it take to reach Lisbon from Paris/Madrid and what is the frequency of trains. Do I need transit visa for that?
The absence of a stamp on entry on a Schengen visa of the type d I have French Schengen visa (type D, study in France for 5 months) and Finnish Schengen visa (type C) and Russian citizenship. I took a coach from Russia to Finland and flight from Finland to France. I informed passport control that I am going to study in France, but they stamped Schengen type C anyway. On the national French Schengen there is no stamp about entry, it turns out that by the end of my studies I \"will stay\" in type C for more than 90 days. Is it okay, and what do I do with my documents? Or who/where should I go/call/write to for official information about it (OFII, Embassy or anything)?
Renewal of L1 Working Visa Can we renew the L1 Working Visa in the US Consulate General in US? Or requires going back to home country to apply?
Avoiding visa refusal and travelling to a different Schengen country I am currently studying in Germany. My friend wants to apply for a Schengen visit visa to visit me in Germany. But with an increasing number of refugees in Germany, visitors from Pakistan are also facing similar visa rejections (that the concerned person will never return).Now to avoid this issue we are considering applying through another European member state with lower visa rejection ratio (eg Iceland) as entry port and then travel to Germany (staying there 1 month or so). and then going back from the same port used for entry. What issue could we face?
Does 72 hour transportation pass for zones P 0 B in Prague get you to the airport? I bought a 3 day pass in Prague. On the back it says it's valid for zones P, 0, B. I have no idea where these zones are. On the internet, someone said it covers beyond the airport. But that doesn't mean transportation to the airport is covered. So is it? Can I get on the bus to the airport with this pass?
Could a VWP overstay due to a pending asylum application result in being denied entry to the US? I understand that if someone previously overstayed a visa waiver (ESTA) by 6 years, that person should be banned for 10 years.Now to be banned, you need to accumulate more then 365 days of overstay.Now the law says that you DO NOT start accumulating days if you have a pending case with the immigration offices for asylum.Now if after 6 years of pending asylum case you are being denied asylum (and ordered removed), and you leave voluntarily, will you be banned from re-entering?More details: I entered originally in 2011 (through LAX, on ESTA).Applied for asylum in 2012 (within 1 year of entering).2017 denied asylum, ordered removed.Left US in 2017 right away voluntarily.Now having same original passport, just applied for new ESTA, was approved.Also, we applied WITHIN the 90 days limit, so we never stayed there NOT even a single day illegally. Question:In this case, will I be banned from re-entering via LAX (on VWP)?
What would be my concourse and gate number for departure? I have got my tickets. I am travelling from Auckland to Mumbai with a transit in Dubai. I have 4 hours of transit time. I will be coming by Emirates EK 449 and leaving on Emirates EK 506. I don't know the arrival gate and the departure gate. I only know that both will be in the same terminal, thats terminal 3.How large is this terminal and what is the maximum amount of time that it might take to get from one gate to another? Also, during the transit, is there a possibility that a bus/train needs to be taken?
Biking on via Appia Antica I'm going to stay in Rome for a few days and I would like to have a bike trip on via Appia Antica one day. I do not intend to have a tour, just rent a bike and ride on my own for a couple of hours.What I need to find out is where can I find a bike rental service nearby and how do I get to the place from Ponte Sisto by public transport.Thank you for information.
Will I be able to re enter canada even though I was there 2 months ago on a visa (IEC)? I'm an Australian that has worked in Canada before and my visa(IEC) has expired(March 2018) and I am not able to renew. Which is fine, but my problem is that I want to return to vacation in July 2018 (just two months)and to tie up some loose ends e.g collect personal belongings and shut down my bank account that I had while working in Canada, as well as do a little travelling with friends. So i'm wondering if this is going to hinder my chances of being able to re enter Canada.And if there is actually a specific time frame you are supposed to spend outside the country before returning. If anyone could shed some light on the situation it would be much appreciated, Thank you. 
Luggage type for short, frequent business trips I am going to have a lot of short (1-2 days/1 night) business trips. I will fly one or two segments in the morning and come back next evening on a symmetrical route. I am pondering what would be the best type of luggage to buy for this kind of use case. Luggage must be taken into cabin and be as lightweight as possible.The options are:Weekender 30-40 litersBackpack 30-40 liters (has also to accommodate a laptop)Troller (30 liters) + messenger (15 liters)What would be the most practical one in this situation? 
After two UK visa refusals, can I apply again? I have been refused a UK visa for the second time this year. Can I reapply or do I have to wait for a few years before I reapply? I am a Ghanaian.<blockquote>  The decision:    I have refused your application for a visit visa because I am not satisfied that you meet the requirements of paragraph(s) V4.2 \u2013 V4.10 of Appendix V: Immigration Rules for visitors because you applied on 19/04/2018 to enter the United Kingdom on 01/05/2018 in order to attend the RBTE event at Olympia on 2-3/05/2018.     Your application was received under our Standard Process and our service agreement is that we will deal with such applications in 15 working days from receipt. We have met that time limit but your application was received too late for us to meet that before your date of planned entry to the United Kingdom and I note that the event you intended visiting has already taken place. This means that the stated reason for your visit is no longer valid.     You state that you are employed by Seaweld with a monthly income of GHS XXXXX (\u00a3xxx). You appear to have no dependants or assets in Ghana. I am not satisfied you have shown that, on the balance of probabilities, your ties to Ghana (or elsewhere) are such that you will leave the UK at the end of your proposed visit. I am not satisfied that you are genuinely seeking entry as a visitor or intend to leave the UK at the end of your visit.  Paragraph V 4.2 (a) (c) of the Immigration Rules. </blockquote>The first refusal reason is below:<blockquote>  The decision    I have refused your application for a visit visa because I am not satisfied that you meet the requirements of paragraph(s) 4.2, of Appendix V: Immigration Rules for Visitors because:    You have applied for leave to enter to visit the UK for 20 days.     You have stated that you are employed and that your total monthly income from all sources of employment after tax is xxx.xx (currency unspecified). I have noted all of the documents you have submitted in support of your application including your work certificate and payslips which appear to  support your statements.     However, whilst I have noted these, the remaining documents you have submitted do not demonstrate that you receive your stated monthly income; how you financially support yourself or that you hold any other personal assets, property or savings as the bank statement you provided shows that you received twice your salary xxxx.xx GHS (\u00a3xxx.xx oanda at exchange rate on 5/04/2018) when no salary appear to have been transferred into your account in January 2018 and March 2018.     The above means, I am not satisfied that your personal or financial circumstances are as stated or of your true intentions for wishing to visit the UK now. I am not therefore satisfied that you are a genuine visitor and will leave the UK at the end of your visit. Your application for a visit visa has been refused under Paragraph V4.2(a)(c).    You have submitted bank statements in support of your circumstances in Ghana and in support of your claim to having funds in place for this visit. However as stated above, they do not confirm you receive your stated monthly income nor do they confirm the origin of your funds. The above means I am not satisfied that these funds are genuinely available to you for your exclusive use. I am not therefore satisfied that you have sufficient funds available to cover your costs whilst in the UK  without working or accessing public funds. Your application has therefore been refused under Paragraph V4.2(e).</blockquote>
My UK visit visa has been refused twice. Can I re-apply as the refusal was unsatisfactory? The first refusal (green) was my mistake, as I thought I could show my credit card as well and the employment leave of absence was missing.The second refusal (black), they think that I have unknown credit in my account, whereas the truth is that it was my annual leave payout and I have shown and given the payslip as well. Also, my friend deposited approximately 5,000 AUD, as she wants to sponsor me. I have already repaid her, as it was an issue in the second refusal. Can I re-apply or am I out of options? I wanted to visit my friend. I live  in Australia as a temporary graduate, and I have my sister, brother in law and our home and property. 
When traveling by train in Finland what can I expect from these options? I am in the process of booking some train tickets for my trip in Finland.Apart from technical problems in selecting the specific seat, I have a few questions about the available options, since I am not familiar with Finnish trains.I suffer from a mild form of dust allergy / hay-fever. Would it be appropriate for me to select an \"allergy seat\" or is it reserved for more severe allergies?a seat upstairs from the restaurant is available, is that car the only one with two floors, or all cars have an upper seating floor? (I hope to be able to enjoy the scenery a bit, and I guess the upper floor would be more suited for that)edit to answer this comment:<blockquote>  could you tell what route/service you're planning to take, since train configurations can differ significantly.</blockquote>I am mostly looking at the leg between Rovaniemi and Tampere, some of the options have a change in Oulu where the above options are available. I also plan other legs, but they will be significantly shorter (Turku, and then Helsinki) so it will be less of a problem if I cannot see much outside.
Lost all my ID documents and money. How to fly home from Spain to Slovakia? I live in Slovakia and went to Spain for few months, where I lost my wallet with all the documents inside. I got here with RyanAir and would like to go back soon. I only have police report for losing ID and photo copies of my documents. I am absolutely broke, means that I really have only money for going back, also that only barely.. I am in Valencia and it would cost over 100 euro to go to Madrid embassy to get travel document. That is even more than flight back home. Can you please help me, what are my options or which are the best ones? 
make schengen visa outside your origin country/homeland hello i want to ask question about schengen visa, and i'm from Indonesia. My problem is i have plan to go flight to Romania on June for an exchange program purpose, and the romania visa is being processed now. But also i want to go to Schengen Area(germany, france, netherlands) but my concern is that i might not make time for applying schengen visa in my country before my departure time to Romania. So my question is can i make the schengen visa outside of my origin country/homeland(indonesia) especially while i'm in Romania?FYI my first choice of schengen country is GermanyThank you..
Applying for a UK visa outside the Schengen country that issued my visa I have a student visa issued by France as well as a residency permit. I need a visit visa to travel to the UK. Due to my location it would be much easier to apply at the Geneva embassy as it is only 30 minutes away. Is this possible and allowed? 
In Italy, how to know parking fee before driving into the parking lot? Is there a way to know the parking fee before driving into a parking lot in Italy? In many other countries there are boards with prices at the gateway, so you see the hour rates before you park. I have almost never seen such price boards in Italy. Am I missing something?
How can I ask for a UK 2-year visa for a 6-month visit? I want to request a 2-year visitor visa but will only stay continuously for 6 months in one visit. Where can I choose this option in the visa application?
How do Quebec city bus tickets work? I'm in Quebec city for a while and want to use the bus for trips that involve a transfer each way, so from point A to B I need to catch 2 buses. Obviously I'll need to catch 2 again to return home.I bought an 'Occasionelle' ticket loaded with '12 bil gen', but I'm unsure how it gets depleted, or whether I can use the card as many times as needed over a period of 12 days usage.I'm trying to make sense of it, but the RTC website is extremely unclear in this regard.Thanks!
Visiting Canada by land and back My wife and I are New Zealand citizens and Mexico residents. We are driving across the US and thinking about traveling into Canada from Michigan and back into the US at Niagara falls or thereabouts.I found a page on the Canada immigration website suggesting that an \"ETA\" isn't required for NZ citizens when entering by land, however reading further all references are to flying in and requiring the ETA. Is it correct that the ETA is not needed?  We have US B1/B2 visas with I-94 permits issued at the US/Mexico border. Am I right to assume these are just as valid when re-entering the US at the US/Canada border?
Can a freelancer doing business as a natural person travel to the US to meet a client on a B1/B2 visa? Web Designer.Designing websites as a natural person (does not own a business).Travels to the USA on a B1/B2 visa to meet a client.Meets the client to get to know them and their business.Takes pictures of their headquarters and production premises. (the images could possibly be used on the website)Travels back to their home country to produce the website.The client pays the freelancer directly since he/she does not own a business. The freelancer is paid while he/she is outside of the US, either before the visit or after the visit.Is this possible on a B1/B2 visa?
What should I look for in footwear for walking long distances in mostly urban areas while carrying a heavy backpack? I want to start looking for the footwear for my next world hitchhiking trip.On my last two trips I got name brand hiking shoes (Kathmandu and Merrell) but the soles wore out before each trip was up.I'm not asking for specific brands or models, just what kinds of materials, specs, or characteristics to look for. (Though \"durable soles\" is not an easy trait to Google for.)I will only take one pair of shoes. As a hitchhiker I can cover up to 30 km in a day carrying 15kg or more. Hiking shoes are designed for use mostly on natural surfaces and use on asphalt and concrete causes them to wear more quickly.I used to wear normal sneakers/trainers but moved up to hiking shoes for the extra support for the times I was on rougher terrain with a backpack where I'd injured tendons before.Is there even a class of footwear suitable for my needs?
B1/B2 visa expiry date My B1/B2 visa expires on August 14, and I have to stay in the US from August 14 to 17. I want to apply for a new visa for these dates. Will the embassy give me a new visa or they will ask me to travel with the same visa?
Financial status I need a help to make a decision. Will I be granted a visa from Ghana to live with my wife who is German (born in Germany) after she has come down to Ghana for us to marry here? We have required documents but she has financial problems in Germany. Can her financial status prevent me from getting a visa?
Can you fill the printed customs form to save time in Canadian airports? At least in Vancouver Airport one has to spend a lot of time to get to the electronic customs declaration kiosks. This got me thinking - is it possible to fill out the paper based customs declaration (form E311) instead (saved up from a previous overland trip) instead of using the electronic version? One could then skip the first queue and directly stand in line for the immigration officers. If it matters, I'm a Canadian resident who is not a US/Canadian citizen.
Is a UK visa needed for a UK citizen's non-EU spouse with EU Family Member Residence Card to visit the UK together? Is a UK visa needed for a British citizen's non-EU spouse (who holds an EU Family Member Residence Card) if they wish to visit the UK together for a holiday? Both are currently living in the Netherlands, exercising \"Freedom of Movement\" rules for EU citizens and family members. I believe that an EEA citizen's spouse only needs a valid passport, the EU Family Member Residence Card and a marriage certificate, but does a British citizen count as an EEA citizen in this case?
Can I re-enter Italy with Carta di identit\u00e0 and Carta di soggiorno? I am an Indian citizen, married to an Italian. I have both the Carta di identit\u00e0 and the Carta di soggiorno as a family member of an EU citizen. I want to travel to India to visit my family for one month. When I leave India to re-enter Italy, do I need a Schengen visa or can I board my flight with my Italian family card?
How to get medical insurance for a Singapore layover? I am travelling to Australia from Europe, with a layover in Singapore on both legs of my travel. On my outbound trip, I have a 15-hour layover and I will surely visit the city; on the return, I have ca. 6 hours and I may decide not to leave the airport.I am worried about medical assistance in case of emergencies during these two layovers (during my stay in Australia I am covered by a reciprocity agreement between my homeland and Australia).I find various insurance options about travel medical assistance, but they insist on covering the whole trip and not just an isolated day or two which are a small part of it. So, my questions are:Am I going to need a medical insurance for a layover in Singapore? Even if I don't leave the airport? Or are medical emergencies covered for free by the state health services?If the answer is yes, where can I buy medical insurance for such a short period of time? Directly through a Singapore company? Or maybe is there a company selling travel assistance in Europe that is flexible enough to cover only a short part of a trip?
Can I enter Romania with an ID card? My girlfriend and I (we are Croatian citizens) are going to visit Bucharest, Romania and we plan to stay there for 1 week. We will be traveling from Croatia to Budapest, Hungary first and from there we will take a plane to Bucharest.Can we do this with our ID cards from Croatia? I did some research and we should be able (from what I found). Since this will be our first flight I just wanted to be sure since she and I don't have valid passports (they expired).
Is the Golden Gate Bridge toll fee indicated before entering the bridge? I was traveling to San Francisco last weekend and went through the Golden Gate Bridge. I have just received an 8 USD toll invoice by mail (they use a plate reader). Is the toll fee indicated to the car drivers before entering the bridge? I didn't see any sign but could have missed it as it was at night (and street signs in the US aren't that well designed).The toll seems to only apply for the outside San Francisco -> inside San Francisco bridge direction (i.e., ~southbound).
Can I travel to New Zealand with an expired H4 visa? I am planning to go to New Zealand with my husband. I have an H4 (dependent visa) which is up for renewal. I am planning to go to New Zealand, spend 10 days and go to India, renew my visa and come back to the USA. Will there be problems while applying for a NZ visa?
Cancelling apartment booking in Switzerland I have made a booking with an apartment in Switzerland. No booking payment was done and I did not share my credit card details with them. But I did fill in the confirmation letter which have my details (passport, address) and signed.According to them, if I would like to cancel the booking I have to pay 80% of the total sum. But since they do not have my credit card details, can I just ignore them? And with this can they give any trouble?
Carry bicycle into the US as personal item I'm a student traveling to the US and I wish to carry my old bike with me as checked-in luggage on my flight to the US. I want to know in what capacity can I bring it with me such that it is exempt from duty as my personal item (and whether that's even possible).I tried to look at various sources online to figure out in what capacity I could bring such an item into the US. The customs and border protection website guidelines and FAQs are quite ambiguous and confusing, and I didn't find a single answer that differentiated between residents and nonresident visitors. Apparently residents are be able to return with a bike without having to pay duty if they used it for more than a year. However, there was no clear mention about nonresidents bringing in a bike. There was a mention about visitors bringing motor vehicles temporarily, for one year, but certainly a bicycle isn't a motor vehicle, and nor do I plan to bring out of the US with me every time I exit the US (which would be an unnecessary hassle and waste of luggage space).There was an article about people moving to the US being able to bring personal effects, but I'm not sure I qualify as moving since I am not going to be a resident, but only a temporary nonresident student.The harmonized tax system suggests an 11% duty on value for bikes, but my bike is several years old (not recently purchased) and I don't plan to sell or gift it to anyone - it will be my personal belonging throughout.At this point I am confused about whether or not I can bring my bike to the US as a nonresident student, and whether it qualifies duty-free.
Schengen multiple-entry visa validity question I hold an Indian passport.I am planning to apply for a Schengen visa for a short Europe trip in September 2018 for 7 days. This is my first trip in Europe, i.e. my first attempt at getting Schengen visa.Also, I am planning to visit Europe and the UK again in June 2019 during the Cricket World cup in the UK (England and Wales). I will apply for a UK visa in 2019, but can I use my Schengen visa, which I will be getting now, to enter any Schengen country again in June 2019? What is the validity of this visa?Which embassy should I apply for a Schengen visa: the Netherlands, as my longest stay for current trip is in Netherlands?How can I get a Schengen visa that is valid until June 2019, so that I don't need to apply again?
Can I apply for a UK visit visa as a foreign student in Malaysia? My elder brother wants me to visit him in the UK. He has been a British citizen for over 30 years. I am studying in Malaysia. I am from Nigeria. Should I apply from Malaysia or go back home and apply for my visa? I am financially secure but unemployed. If I apply from Malaysia, I have all the documents from my school and financial statements, but if I go back home, I'm unable to back up my documents and I can't use my Malaysia permit to apply in Nigeria. 
Can I use an Oyster card to travel to Welwyn Garden City? I\u2019ll be taking the Great Northern train from London\u2019s King\u2019s Cross station to Welwyn Garden City. Can I use an Oyster card for this? Is there a weekly pass that I can use? I\u2019ll be traveling this route all weekdays for 2 weeks. 
Which is the better option for my dependents, L2 or B2 visa? I currently have a B2 visa. I intend to bring my wife and son for visit to the US for travel and pleasure with me, and so I would like them to apply for their own B2 visa. My current company intends to apply for an L1B visa for me, for an upcoming work assignment. Which is the better option for my dependents? Option 1) Apply for a B2 visa? or Option 2) Apply for an L2 (I believe that is the dependent visa for L1B holders) once I get the L1B visa? The intention is also to be able to travel in the future for pleasure and visit.
Where do you store your luggage in Dutch intercity trains? I'll be travelling from Amsterdam airport to Rotterdam and I was wondering where do you actually store your luggage in these trains? The only experience I have with trains in Europe was with TGV's but since they cover a large distance, there were luggage racks present in the train. I've never really took local trains in Europe before and certainly not in the Netherlands so although it may sound like a very basic questions, I would still like to know if anybody here has traveled in these Dutch intercity trains before and can advice me where I can put my large 30kg suitcase that I'll be travelling with? Are there any sort of luggage racks in the back of the coach like in TGV's? Would it be a better idea to purchase tickets in the first class to avoid rush and get space to store my stuff? 
Why do employers use BCD Travel for bookings? Why do employers require booking through an agent such as BCD Travel?  It seems like such a waste of money at $45 per booking, even for something simple like a rental car.  Are they getting a discount or kickback?  Is there really a savings to the employer in the end?
OFAC declaration for travelling to Cuba from US I will be travelling from New-York to Cuba as my flight back to Europe is from Havana. I will buy the tourist card from the US airlines I am traveling with but I need to select one option in OFAC form out of 12 options. What should I select? I will be in Havana for tourism for three days before as it seems tourism or transiting is not an option.
Ukrainian passport renewal I am looking for information on the renewal of an Ukrainian passport in Ukraine itself. Any information on the process, time taken, cost and especially the documents needed would be very helpful.I tried looking for a website that contained all this information, but all I could find was the application for a new passport and nothing on renewals.  Also, I'm keen to know if a renewal of the international passport can only be done if the \"internal\" passport (the compulsory ID Ukrainian citizens all hold) is still active and not expired. If it needs to be active, it would be great to know how this passport can also be renewed, cost, time etc.
Invitation letter for Romanian tourist visa I am an Indian citizen with US Permanent Residency.I am planning to visit Romania soon just for spending a vacation, however I came to know that Indian citizens need an invitation letter for Romanian tourist visa.I heard in some places that it is not a strict requirement.Also I came to know that persons who belong to the countries that need the invitation letter, if they are permanent residents of Canada, the requirement is waived.I do not need a travel agency for the tour, I was planning to do it alone. Could anyone comment on:i. Is it absolutely necessary to have the invitation letter?ii. Is the requirement waived for a US permanent resident?iii. Is it possible to get a travel package for one day from a travel agency and get an invitation letter?I am going for 7 days, that way I don't have to have buy package for all 7 days.Thank you very much in advance!Argha
Philippines visa on arrival with Singapore eVisa I am a citizen of India. I have a Singapore 35-day multiple-entry visa. Am I eligible to get a visa on arrival in the Philippines, without going to Singapore on this visa? Is it mandatory to go to Singapore on this eVisa once to get a visa on arrival in the Philippines?I've never been to Singapore or Philippines before.I have a confirmed return ticket.
How much is a 10 day trip ticket Rahway to Penn Station How much is a 10 day trip ticket Rahway to Penn Station? I saw that there are 10 trip one way tickets so I guess you get a good discount.Actually I have to travel from Rahway to Penn Station and then take subway near Wellington hotel station. This is because hotels are terrible expensive and have to stay 10 days in NY so I want to see how much I can save by staying in a hotel near Rahway station in New Jersey.Thanks a lot
Is an RV rental vehicle proof of accommodation for Schengen entry? We are four guys who have a reservation in Germany for an RV (a motor home vehicle). Will our reservation enough at immigration when we arrive, or do we have to reserve hotels?Actually, we plan to stay in Germany for 9 days, and after we are going to Italy and France. We plan to sleep in the RV for the entire time.
Applying for a Georgia tourism visa I am applying for Georgia and UK visas. I know the UK will ask me to drop my passport for 15 days, but I don't know if Georgia will ask me to leave my passport with them. I have my visa interview on the 29th, but there is an open date for Georgia. Does Georgia ask the applicant to leave the passport with the application? I'm applying from Malaysia, not my home country.
Are AMEX cards accepted in Universal Studios JPN & Pokemon Centers? Is the JCB/AMEX partnership applicable anywhere? I'm traveling to Japan in the next few months and wanted to know if these two locations accept American Express credit cards.I also saw that JCB has a partnership with AMEX but information is scarce. Does anyone know if an establishment accepts JCB it will also accept AMEX?Thank you for your help.
Does visiting Cyprus via a multiple-entry Schengen visa count towards the maximum length of stay of the visa? A person obtained a multiple-entry Schengen visa with a duration of stay of 90 days and a validity of a year.If this person stays in the Schengen zone 70 days and then goes on vacation in Cyprus for 30 days, will the person be allowed back into the Schengen zone for the remaining 20 days, or will these 30 days in Cyprus count towards the duration of stay limit of the Schengen visa and make the visa expired?
Fiance visa UK, criteria for fiance visa UK, what is the process and information Please how much is a fiance visa to the UK, applying from Nigeria, and do I need to provide my bank statements or payslips?? 
With an overstay tag will l get another European Visa? I came into the UK in 2016 on a tier 4 Visa that was due to expire at the end of my course in September 2019. In December 2017 I was withdrawn from my course and reported to the Home office by my university  because I couldn't pay my tuition fees anymore. I got a letter from home office to leave the country within 2 months but now l have overstayed with more than 5 months. I want to apply to other European universities like in France, Poland and Bulgaria. With a tag of overstay that I have now will l be able to get another European Student Visa? 
Does CBP know about extensions? I have been on J1 visa for 6 months so the dates on my visa are 01 FEB 2017 to 01 AUG 2017 but I got an extension of 6 months (which makes it to a total of 1 year).Does CBP know about this extension, or do they consider it as overstay since my visa dates are 6 months but my departure is after 1 year?PS: I have 'D/S' written on my I-94 stamp.
Can I carry my queen size bed in train as an extra luggage/parcel? I am travelling from Yeswantpur to Guwahati. Is it possible to carry my queen size bed as additional luggage/parcel on the train with me.
UK Standard Visitor Visa for Indonesian citizen I am a Spanish citizen currently living in London, UK. I  have an Indonesian boyfriend and we are in a long distance relationship, I usually go to visit him (I have been going for almost 2 years). Now we would like to apply for a visitor visa for him to come to UK and visit his sister who is a citizen, but she is on benefits so she can not sponsor him financially. We would then go to Spain to visit my family. We have looked at the application process and there are couple of circumstances which are making things more complicated. I can support him during his stay but I am not a UK citizen so I cannot sponsor him. His sister or some other friends can sponsor him but not support him financially. He has no permanent job in Indonesia as he is a painter and a driver so he cannot provide any letter from employer.I was foolish because I thought we might need the flight to demonstrate that he will leave the country, and I already bought a ticket. Also, he heard that asking for multiply entry is impossible if it is the first time he wants to come to the UK. The plan was for him to come to the UK, we then go visit my family for 3 weeks in Spain, and return to the UK to take the return flight to Indonesia.So many questions and nobody to answer them so I am struggling trying to find help.
Is it okay to use my German Schengen visa to enter Austria for study until residence permit is issued? I have a 2-year Schengen type C visa issued by Germany to visit my sibling who studies there. I wanted to know if it's okay to use this visa to enter Austria to start my university studies. I already entered Germany a couple of times and used it to enter France and Greece twice. I will not exceed 90 days and I have already applied to the residence permit. Will there be a problem to use that visa? 
When flying back from India to the US with eVisa + green card, does one have to take any action immigration-wise before the flight? Bob holds a French passport, a US green card, and is visiting India on an\u00a0e-Visa (formerly known as tourist visa). He flew to India directly from the US. When flying back from India to the US, does Bob have to take any action immigration-wise?I'm asking as Bob was told when checking in his flight back that he was supposed to have asked for some kind of clearance at any US embassy in India.Answering the comments:Bob was allowed to check-in, after the airline employee called the embassy and waited 30 minutes for clearance. Bob was outside the US for three weeks. None of the travel documents had expired.The airline was Air India. Bob did indeed mention to the employees (4 employees got involved) that the green card should be enough to enter the US. Bob was told several times by the employees that he should have called the US embassy before taking the flight. No clear explanation was given to him despite repeatedly asking for clarification
Purpose of travel in visa application I am scheduling an appointment with the embassy because I'm going to Greece for an Erasmus internship (Youth Exchange). What should I write for the purpose of visit: tourism or business?
All day vs street parking in Edinburgh and Glasgow We're planning a road trip through England and Scotland next month and we'll have a car rental.While the plan is to focus on the rural parts, we do want to spend a day in Edinburgh and Glasgow. Is daily street parking in those two cities available and safe or will we need to find a parking garage to leave the car all day?
Problem Claiming miles (Star Alliance) operated by SK I had a roundtrip flight with Lufthansa to US via Frankfurt. This was four flights in total. So far I managed to claim all my miles from the first 3 flights however the final flight from FRA to ARN was impossible to claim, as there are some technical problems with the ticket.1) I am trying to add the miles into my A3 *A account.<br>2) The segment from FRA to ARN was operated by SAS (although the ticket was issued by LH).<br>3) My ticket number is 220 XXXXXXXXX ie typical for LH.It seems to me that A3 system that counts the miles is confused by this situation. Do you know how should I properly claim this segment's miles through A3? Any Ideas? Should I put into A3 system that flight was by SK and ticket number 220 XXXX? This is very confusing! 
Guarantee vs. invitor (visiting relatives from Philippines to Japan) Should the guarantor and the invitee be the same? 
UK standard visitor visa sponsored by my mother I want to visit the UK. I want to show my mother's Fixed Deposit account. Can I use that? Will my visa be rejected?
Flying from Stockholm to Paris via Istanbul with French National ID Card Since I won't have my French passport, I'll have to fly from Stockholm (ARN) to Paris (CDG) via Istanbul (IST) with my French National ID card. I called the Swedish police and Turkish Airlines who said it should be fine, but they seemed confused by my question, I am not sure they understood it, and I'm not sure the staff (both at the boarding gate, and at police check) at Stockholm Arlanda airport will agree anyway. Anyone with such experience at Arlanda airport, documented opinion, or advice? Thanks
Hong Kong transit visa processing time I am an Indian citizen and want to go into Hong Kong during my 15-hour layover. I applied with the pre-arrival registration form and was denied. I have sent the visa documents via fax and also separately by airmail to the Hong Kong Immigration department. At this point, I have 5 weeks before the time of my travel. Will I be able to get a transit visa within that time and, if not, is there any other way to get it quickly?
Getting mom sponsored through her brother for Schengen I am in Germany with a 1 year contract which is ending in March. I have been promised an extension but it may take a couple of more months. But I thought of bringing my mom to Germany on schengen visa through her brother who is also here. Because I will be going to Sri Lanka this December and I can bring her with me when I come back. This will not be possible if I wait for my extension and then get a longer visa and then sponsor her as I only have 5 weeks to go before I leave for Sri Lanka on vacation. So if he sponsors her, while I'm here, will that be problematic for her in getting the visa? I'm super confused, any help will be much appreciated.
Credit card used while booking I have an Alitalia flight from Munich, Germany to Delhi, India and I booked it using an online agency. I did not use my credit card for the booking and paid using my friend's credit card. Do I still need to carry the copy of the credit card and the authorization letter to the airport even when I booked the flight from a third party? I cannot find the information on the Alitalia website.
Traveling to Brazil & Argentina, passport expires in less than 3 months, will I have a problem entering? I have a flight to Brazil in 2 days and (due to personal negligence) I just realized my passport expires in less than 3 months.My passport is Bulgarian. I don't need a visa for Brazil (up to 90 days). I'm planning to stay about a month. On my government's website, it doesn't mention anything about validity requirements - only that the passport is valid at the time of entry.After Brazil I was planning to go to Argentina (also visa free for 90 days). At that time my passport would be valid for only 1 month. I am planning to return to my country of residence (Spain) about a week before the passport expires.I also have an ID card (EU) that's valid for the next 8 years.There's a Bulgarian consulate in the Brazilian city where I'm staying, I could also go there and try to get a new (emergency) passport.I've been reading a lot about the 6-month-passport-validity rule, but there's no clear information for my case. Some sources say that Brazil and Argentina enforce it, other say they don't. Wondering if anyone has experience with a similar situation?
How crowded are Iceland's main sites during summer? I've purchased a ticket with a long stopover in Iceland on June 18th. I'm planning to travel the \"Golden Circle\" by car, sleeping in a tent at camp sites. Just how crowded can I expect Iceland to be at this time? 
What are Hotels on Salt Lake City Trax Light Rail? Going to SLC in late Feb for snowboarding. Looking at staying in Murray, downtown and South Salt Lake so closer to resorts (Alta, Brighton, etc).How do I find out what hotels are walkable to light rail stops?What is it like taking light rail/bus in winter conditions (with stroller)?Are rail stations at grade? any escalators or stairs?Or...Are we better off renting car to get around Salt Lake City?
My passport was just changed to married name, but IDL sticker is in my maiden name passport...I am due to travel soon My passport was just changed to married name, but IDL sticker is in my maiden name passport...We are booked to travel on the 18th December.I am currently living in the UK with and Indefinite Leave to Remain visa.It is in my passport with my maiden name.I have applied for British Citizenship and was told by the UK Passport office that I needed to change my Aus passport to my Married name BEFORE they will issue my UK citizenship and passport, otherwise i would have to have them both in my maiden name and would not be able to change it afterwards (why the hell, I don't know, as surely I could then have sent that passport in with a marriage cert and get a new one, but the lady said absolutely not) I also told her I was travelling, and she said to make sure to take my marriage certificate with me and that was fine.So ages ago, i booked the appt in london to go down to get my new passport and the wait was 4 weeks- it just came back.Anyway, while there as he was snipping my passport with the visa, he told me to check with the Home office in the UK as I am travelling at xmas!I have been sitting on hold with the Home office for over 2 hours so far without an answer, but have been googling, only to find that if my name has changed , I must replace my visa with a biometric residence permit if my stay is over 6 mths.So it seems I cannot just use my old passport with the visa at the border to get back in and show my marriage certificate, as i was told by the British passport customer service lady.It takes 6 MONTHS to get a new visa, or \u00a3839 for a fast track one which I cannot afford.I will also have my British passport by then anyway so won't even need one!It seems I am completely stuffed!If i take the risk and try to travel anyway, i don't know what will happen?I am legally allowed to stay here and did nothing wrong and followed advice and now am in a complete pickle!Adding to that my Dad is old and was just in Hospital with an 80% occlusion in his arteries, and not well at all, so if i cannot leave the country for the next 6 mths because of this, i am in trouble if he goes down hill!I don't know what I can do?Does anyone know what the deal is?We are going to lose Thousands of pounds on our booked holiday if I cancel.
How much time is required to walk from Frankfurt Terminal 1 Z gates to C gates? I'm travelling to India from USA via Frankfurt. I have a layover of 1 hour and 35 mins at frankfurt. It would be really nice if someone can tell me how much time it takes to walk from Terminal 1 Z gates to Terminal 1 C gates?Thanks in advance
Are Agra main attractions closed on 31st of December? I'm planing a trip to India for the end of this year, and I want to know if Agra main attractions are closed on the 31st of December (like the Taj Mahal and Agra fort). I didn't find anything in the internet with respect to this. I only see that the Taj is closed on all Fridays. 
Compensation for Delayed Train Due to London Underground Issue My question is quite specific, and I hope it's on topic here because I'm really unsure where to ask it! If it isn't on topic, as well as marking it as such I would ask that you please help me out by suggesting where to ask!This is a question about UK trains.Last weekend I took the train from Cambridge to Cheltenham (Spa), via London -- specifically via King's Cross and Paddington. There was a delay on the tube (fire alarm at Baker Street), which meant that I missed my train from Paddington to Cheltenham, and had to get one that got in just over an hour later.I was under the impression that, because I was delayed by more than 1hr, I was entitled to a full refund of my single ticket. However, GWR weren't interested in paying for the refund, since it wasn't on their train that there was an issue -- and I completely understand and agree with this! However, when I spoke to Customer Service for TfL, I was told that I would be refunded the price of the tube journey -- so about \u00a32.60, or something like that, while the ticket in total cost ~\u00a315.While GWR, Great Northern, etc operate this \"30mins => half refund || 1hr => full refund\" policy (with some minor variations between TOCs), do TfL not adhere to this? Should I be able to get the full ~\u00a315 back? If so, I assume it would be from TfL.On the other hand, since TfL only handle a small part of the journey, if I was say going from Penzance to Aberdeen via London and I was slightly delayed by TfL, but in a way that meant I had to get a train an hour later, it seems unreasonable to expect TfL to fork out some \u00a3100+ for the delay...Any advice would be most appreciated, thanks!
Is EEA family permit enough to enter UK? I'm a non-EEA spouse of an EEA citizen and we both reside outside the UK in the EU.Is obtaining an EEA family permit enough to be granted an entry to the UK?Does EEA family permit automatically give me the right to work?
Is it possible to re enter to UK after get refused for the first time for visa-free passport holder? I got refused for the first time to enter the UK as what the UK immigration had these points out during my interview. I had no ticket to embark from UK (which I told them that I will decide it once my sister had graduate on January 2019)They said my financial is not stable (as I told them that my parents going to support and transfer the money as I reached UK)My intention to visit UK is not clear (as I told them that I will stay with my sister for 3-4 months and we will go travel in a few places)And for now, I had bought a ticket to go out from UK (to Cologne, for my next Europe trip before I go back to my home), I have 5000\u00a3, and I\u2019m staying with my girlfriend for a month (apartment has been paid in full, which I have the tenancy agreement document ), my sister graduation invitation, my parents return flight ticket. What should I prepare to go in UK tomorrow?
Return Flights and UK Standard Visitor Visa (for a minor) I am British and travelling home to Northern Ireland with my son, who is Bolivian and has been legally adopted in country (and that adoption is accepted in the UK). I'm applying to get him a UK Standard Visitor Visa but we're not sure exactly how long we'll be in the UK, and I would prefer to buy our return tickets when we're certain of a date. I know it's not necessary for the visa application, but I'm worried about immigration (which we'll do either in London Gatwick or Heathrow). If I have my bank statement showing that I can afford the return ticket, will that be okay? And how much will I need to show I can afford? Also, we'll live with my parents there, and I'll be working during the 6 months (which I legally can) - will they ask questions if there isn't a whole lot on top of the money for the return tickets?Thanks in advance!
Spouse visa for multiple entry to the US I am a US citizen living abroad. My wife is a Polish national living abroad. Our child is a dual national. Neither of us intend to live in the US anytime soon, but we would like to visit the US frequently.When I google \u201cUS spouse visa\u201d all hits concern acquiring a green card, which is just not relevant for us.What\u2019s the name of the visa we should apply for?
Flying with a lap child on a code shared flight We are considering booking an international flight through American Airlines that has one of the legs operated by El Al. We also have a 9 months old infant and would like to fly with her on our lap, along with a stroller and a car seat (checked).How does this work with code-shared flights? Do we need to call both airlines to let them know of the child? AA does not allow selecting El Al seats online. Also, should we expect any issues checking a car seat with El Al and getting it back from American at our final destination (the stroller will be checked at the gate)? 
Flexibility in timing on pre-booked nsb.no train tickets? If travelling around Norway via train using pre-booked tickets from nsb.no, are the tickets explicitly ONLY valid for the stated train departure, or would they be valid on an equivalent route?eg. If I miss an r10 train from Oslo airport to Oslo S, could I catch any r10 train?  Any similar train (eg. the r11)? Or would I pay a penalty? Thanks!
Overstayed and misinformed the US consulate officer about it, am I banned for lifetime? I overstayed my J1 visa for almost 4 months in 2008. In 2017, I applied for a visa and I told them an approximate date of my return  because I couldn't remember the exact date so basically I gave them wrong information. The officer told me to apply again when I find out the correct date. I applied again 3 months ago but I couldn't get a visa. This time I didn't get any explanation from the officer. She disn\u2019t ask any questions and she just told me that I wasn\u2019t elligible for a visa this time. She gave me a paper saying that I was unable to convince them that I would return back to my country after the visit. I intend to present a paper in an academic congress in August and I will apply for a visa again soon. I know my chances are low. But I just need to know if I got a lifetime visa bar for misrepresentation or fraud? Thank you for your help.
UK visa delayed for more than usual Guys I need all your suggestions. I applied for UK Visa in August 28, 2018, in Accra Ghana, and in a week or two weeks later received a letter from them stating this below:Dear  .........................Thank you for your visa/entry clearance application which has been received and is under consideration.  We aim to process non settlement applications within 15 working days and settlement applications within 60 working days (unless you have opted for a Priority Visa service).We are unable to resolve your application within these customer service targets, as the processing of your application has not been straightforward. Please be assured that we will continue to progress your application to enable a decision to be made as soon as possible. Please do not attend the application centre until you have been contacted by the VAC. Kind regardsCroydon DMCNow after this email, I didn't hear from them again until last 3 weeks I contacted them on phone which I paid with credit card before talking to me and apologising for the delay and they said this below:Dear................Thank you for contacting UK Visas and Immigration International Contact Centre.Accept our apologies for the delay in processing your applicationI have escalated your case to the relevant department. Please allow 15 working days to pass before contacting UK Visas &amp; ImmigrationInternational Contact Centre again should you not receive any further correspondence.Your patience is much appreciated. Regards,AbdulaiUK Visas and ImmigrationSo after talks with them, is been three weeks after this conversation but still haven'theard from them and today is 19th January, 2019 and applied the unbiased on 28th August, 2019.Now guys I want to withdraw the application and demand a refund of my application on this coming Monday 21st January, 2019. Because they won't process the application and it will keep delaying and I need my passport to travel for a work related in South Africa and Botswana by next month.But also feels I should give them some time and it will come successful, or could it be my passport is lost with them?I need urgent advice.
My uk visa was denied I am 25 year old and my brother is my sponsor.  They refuse me a short term student visa and please I need a help , I want to reply again and I don't know what correction I should do now ... Can somebody  explain me please about this reasons for refusal ? :\"Given the above, I am not satisfied that you are genuinely seeking entry as a short-term student. Therefore your application is refused under paragraph A57C(ix) of the immigration rules.\"\"You are applying to enter the uk for 8 months and 16 days as short term student. You intend to study General English between 11/02/2019 to 25/10/2019.\"\"I am not satisfied that you have shown that you have a genuine professional or personal relationship with your sponsor.\"\"I am not satisfied of the origin of your brother's funds or how they have been accumulated , your application is refused under paragraph A57C(vi) and (vii) of the Immigration Rules. \"\"Although you have submitted your travel documents and your sponsor's documents, the documents that you have submitted do not fully evidence your own personal, social or financial circumstances.\"\"You said you are unemployed and submitted a single bank letter that states a balance of 5000\u00a3, yet it does demonstrate how this balance has been accumulated and therefore I cannot be satisfied that it will remain for your exclusive use.\"\"Given all of the above and on the balance of probabilities , that you intend to leave the uk at the end of the visit...\"
Transit Visa required through PEK (Beijing International Airport) for a passport holder of Kyrgyzstan? I am really confused and looked at various websites, but do NOT have enough information about passport holders of Kyrgyzstan needing a transit visa if going through the PEK Aiport in Beijing. Do Kyrgyz passport holders need a transit visa if going through the PEK airport to get to Macau?The flight are as follows:Bishkek > Kazakhstan > Beijing > Macau (Destination)
How to register with the ALDI talk mobile app? I just purchased the ALDI Talk and went through all the steps for the registration including the online identification. Then, I download the iOS app and it asks to provide the 06-nummer in the app. I attached a screenshot for the process. I believe it has to be 10 digit number in total as the app takes a number to that length.Anyone, please tell me what's that?Edit, I have taken out the picture as that was for the wrong country/language version of the app.
Flight operator says sold out, codeshare says not sold out I'm looking to book a trans-Atlantic flight. My options are basically United and Lufthansa; each operates some flights, and each sells tickets on the other's flights. For one leg operated by United, Lufthansa has a premium economy ticket available on their site, but only if I book as a round-trip (if I try multi-city it says premium economy is sold out). United, on the other hand, says the premium economy is sold out on their site, and as the operator I assume they'd have the most up-to-date info. Is this just a website glitch, or is it possible that the premium fare is in fact still available?
Will I get another 30 days in SA when I travel to Zanzibar and other countries? My boyfriend and I are in SA on a holiday, and only after arriving realised we made an error in judgement on the visa front.Turns out Poland (his passport) only get 30 instead of 90 days when they enter SA. Also turns out that this covers any travel to either any neighbouring country, or any country until he goes back home.Our itinerary means we are flying to Zanzibar for 8 nights and returning the day before his visa expires, and due to leave again the day after it expires to fly to Zimbabwe/Vic Falls, before taking an overland trip through Botswana &amp; Namibia and entering SA again through a land border post. We'd be gone for 3 weeks during this time, and visiting 3 other countries, albeit neighbouring countries of SA. If it makes things better we can cross over into Zambia for the day while we're in Vic Falls, to get a stamp from a country that's once removed from SA.Our main question is, if anyone can say for sure or close enough to, is it likely that he will get a new 30 day stamp upon return from Zanzibar (he would have just 1 day left on his visa at that point, and a ticket to leave the country the day after expiry)? Is it likely he would get 30 days upon entry from Namibia into SA by land? Would it be more likely if his visa had already expired vs. if he had a few days left (if he gets 30 days after Zanzibar, he'd still have about 5 days left when we get back to SA). Also, does anyone know more about the 7 day transit visa? It seems like a last resort option for him if all else fails, to be able to get back in to catch our return flight from Joburg.
Second visitor visa application to UK while the first visa still has time of 4 months left? Hi we applied and got 6 month visitor visa for parents valid till mid may of this year, they have traveled for the time period they stated, but now they will need to visit after mid may so when can they make the second application for visitor visa for another 6 month visitor visa ?
Entering Germany before granting of residence permit I am a US citizen, trying to move to Germany (Berlin). I have found a job in Berlin and with the company, am applying for a residence permit. Since I am a software developer with no negative history, I think it's fairly reasonable to assume that it will be granted.However, I will be arriving in Berlin before that process completes and possibly, before the application is made. I will not start with the new job until authorized to do so, as I don't intend to work illegally. I have rented an apartment (through a reputable site online) for 6 months.What do I tell the border officers to both be as honest as possible and not get denied entry? I do plan on doing tourist activities while I wait for the process to complete. I am concerned that they will look at my amount of luggage and desire for a longer stay without proof of visa application and deny me entry. I do currently have a return flight for about 60 days after entry and significant financial resources. 
Is there any vaccines requirements needed to travel to Laos from USA? I am going to Laos soon traveling from USA. Is vaccine required when visit Laos? If it's not required then I don't plan to get it unless it is requirement to enter Laos.
Travelling to Northern Cyprus on Turkish e-visa for Pakistani national I am a Pakistani national and holder of a multiple entry US/Schengen visa, can I travel to northern Cyprus (Lefkosa via Ercan International airport) on a Turkish e-visa?
Travelling to Ireland with UK short-term student visa with no BIVS endorsement (Indian passport) I am an Indian passport holder. I am currently on university exchange in the UK using my UK Type C Short-term Student Visa (i.e. NOT a Tier 4 long-term student visa). My UK visa is valid for 180 days. This visa was issued in India.I would like to visit Dublin, ROI for a few days during my university break. While it appears that I meet the criteria for the Irish short stay visa waiver programme, my visa does not mention anything about a \"BIVS endorsement\".Can I still travel to Ireland for a few days regardless, considering that I meet all other criteria?If not, then is there a way for me to apply for a BIVS endorsement on my pre-existing UK visa without having to apply for a separate Irish visa altogether? (Assuming that would be the faster route.)If not, then how do I apply for and be issued an Irish visa soon? The Irish visa website mentions that it may take up to 8 weeks; however, I would want to travel to Ireland in March (it is February now)  and also travel to other countries in the meanwhile.
EU citizen driving from Mexico to Usa and Canada, then driving back to Mexico after spending 5 months in Canada is possible? Me and my girlfriend are travelling central america for the last few years and we are currently in Mexico planning a road trip to Canada via the USA with our car. Being EU citizens we will be enetering to the USA under the VWP that allows us to stay a maximum of 90 days in the US but 180 days in Canada. Now we have several options considering to plan our trip ahead:1.) Enter the USA from Mexico by land and stay in the US only for the needed time to drive up to the canadian border and cross to Canada. Estimated time to spend in the US 5-7 days. Then spend in Canada 5 months and drive back to Mexico through the USA again staying in the US for the time needed to reach the Mexico border.2.) Enter the USA from Mexico by land and stay 1 month there before we head up north and spending 4 months in Canada. After that return to Mexico via the USA. Staying in USA this time only for the time needed to make it to the mexican border (5-7 days).3.) Enter the USA from Mexico by land, spending the needed time to get to the canadian border (5-7 days) and stay in Canada only 1 month, then return to Mexico via USA, but staying 3 months in the USA before returning back to Mexico.4.) Enter the USA from Mexico by land, spending 3 months in USA, heading to Canada, spend 5 months there and then get back to Mexico without staying more than a week in USA to get back to Mexico.I was looking extensively for an answer and all I got is ending up even more confused. There are answers that say yes, is possible in all 3 options and then there are answers that the clock does not stop and reset in Canada. In the first two options we will technically be spending minimum time in the USA, staying out 5 times longer than staying in. The third option is the one we prefer the most. Our car has mexican plates on it, and I am the holder/owner of the car. All crossings will be made by land ofcourse and would need advice which option to stick to or give me a better suggestion how to plan it and what are the advantages and disadvantages of each. With the problem the clock is not reset, we are limited technically to stay in Canada instead of 6 months to only 2.5 months (one week to get there and one week to get from Canada bach to Mexico) due to the fact we are comming from the south driving our mexican car from Mexico. Can\u00b4t figure out what to do. Any suggestions and help is greatly appreciated. Thank you.
UK EEA Family Permit for Iranian wife and her parents I am German and live in the United States with my Iranian wife. We would like to spend our holidays in the UK this June, and also want to invite her parents from Iran to come along with us.My wife should be good with the Family permit as a spouse of an EEA person, but are also her parents (as parents-in-law of an EEA person)? If yes, would we have to enter the UK together?Thanks for any advice.Dominik
Why does the \"job\" question in French visit visa application disappear as I answer an earlier question? I am applying for a French visit visa or Schengen Visa. When I answer yes (to the question \"A close member of your family is A national of EU?\") to confirm that my brother is an EU (British) citizen, the next answer regarding \u2018job\u2019 vanishes. What does that mean? 
UK internal air travel for non-British national without a passport Firstly a bit of background. I'm a British national, my wife is Taiwanese. We currently have a pending Indefinite Leave to Remain (ILR) application, so as a result the Home Office currently have both of our passports and her biometric permit. Her previous leave expired in January but as we submitted the ILR application in December her current leave to remain is valid until a decision is made by the Home Office.We would like to visit Scotland on holiday within the next couple of months. We have several friends in Glasgow and I've never travelled that far north in the UK before. We live on the south coast, so our options are:A 10 hour drive (in ideal conditions)A 9 hour train journey A 1 hour flight We live within reasonable travel distance of Southampton airport, so the flight option sounds best for us.I'm of the understanding that for an internal UK flight we do not need passports, only a valid form of ID such as a driver's license. I have a full license and my wife has a provisional license, so we can travel on those, however given my wife's pending ILR visa application I'm nervous about using airports for fear of any misunderstandings about her current situation by border staff.I know that this would not be an issue at all if we were to travel by land, so for those who have travelled within the UK, how does the landing and arrivals process for internal UK flights differ from international flights?  Are my worries justified or misplaced?
Use of lounge overnight at NRT In a few months will be traveling from Calgary to Mumbai via Narita. I have a 21 hour, overnight connection at NRT. If I use the KAL lounge airside, which publishes itself to be open during the day only, can I remain there during the night?
What should I do if it's been 2 weeks and my Schengen visa has not been approved I applied for a Netherlands visa at the VFS center in San Francisco and the status says it was forwarded to the Netherlands Embassy for further processing 15 days ago. I am worried whether VFS has misplaced my passport as I have my US visa in my passport. What should I do?
Paris at Easter I'm thinking of going to Paris during the Easter weekend, has anyone been before? My specific answerable questions are: Were tourist attractions such as the Eiffel Tower or the Louvre open duringthe week/weekend of Easter (any days)?Were the attractions mentioned above crowded, or were wait lines normal for the average?Are prices put up during Easter?
Are biometrics needed to renew Schengen tourist visa from UK for Indian? I am in the UK on a Tier 2 visa. I applied for a Schengen visa last year, which is expiring in March 2019, via the German embassy. I am now considering to apply for a new one via the French embassy.Do I have to go for biometrics to be taken in order to get another Schengen visa or can I do it by mail? 
Sand Baths are they Practical for People on Desert Planet On a (colonized) fallen world humans have been pushed to the brink. The planet is a massive desert world with no body of water on the surface, and no rain fall. The only way to get water is from the aquifers underground but even they go dry leaving the settlement to die shortly after.Society is still advanced in a way, but is more tribal/feudal in nature. Most of the inner towns have 1700 tech level (most don't have access to this and are stuck with medieval tech); war and lack of infrastructure stop them from ever going past this point. So water being so hard to get, is rationed and protected. Even drinking it greedily can get you killed. the center that hold the most water is straggling to keep up with demand and war has broken out, but drinking water is still available to most people. water is too precious to be wasted bathing, so how would one wash themselves? Sand baths seem to be the next logical step, but I don't know if it could be a long term solution to the problem. I also don't know how to build one; I was thinking a bath house (sand house) like setup for the whole town to use. Reason for this is I don't think just regular old desert sand would work (a type of sand best suited for washing) but I could be wrong.The Question: Sand Baths are they Practical for People on Desert Planet?So any ideas would be great, if you come up with a better idea on how they could wash themselves don't hesitate to answer, just keep in mind the tech level and they can\u2019t build anything fancy.  With it being war time trade would be difficult as well.
What would happen if you could remove the event horizon from Sgr A*? There is a mind-bendingly massive black hole at the center of our galaxy, and our hyperdimensional idiot antagonist just dropped his wallet in it. He figures he'll just turn it off for a bit and fish it out, much to the chagrin of - well, everybody? I guess?The assumptions -The event horizon is gone.Physics works, except for the bit about the event horizon being gone. The reason the event horizon is gone should amount to an application of energy, charge or force that overcame the gravitational force of the singularity.Once the event horizon 'opens', the idiot stops doing the thing.Whatever he did, he does not take measures to undo it directly.I think it has to unleash a speed-of-causality wall of super-supernova proportions, like when a black hole evaporates below the mass limit. But that's the thing - this hole is so far above the limit, I'm pretty sure it'll burp (very, very loudly) and then immediately collapse again. So assuming, for instance, he spun this black hole to an absurd angular momentum, what might the outcome be, for the black hole and for the galaxy it anchors? Can the black hole immediately reform, and start reincorporating the lost mass? Does the matter have to finish expanding first? Or is the situation so far out of bounds that the result cannot be approximated? 
Can waves transport temperature? or How to stop atoms from creating heat I'm working on a story in which a artificial crystal can turn elements into other elements using waves of protons,neutron and electrons in a pattern, but my question is: can cold be transported by the waves? can infra red light do anything? or is there a wave that can calm atoms / lazer that can calm down atoms(make them stop so that the dont create heat)? or is it scientifically impossible
How to kidnap a person, so the world wouldn't object or ask questions? In my world there's a company that needs to kidnap a person or a number of persons (reasons are out of scope of this question) and must do this in the way that no one (and I mean: no one) would object, have or ask questions, seek for a missing person etc.Thus, I'm saying about breaking all that person's family, friends, neighbor and social connections, i.e. \"removing\" it from the world without creating  disturbance and without causing question.The seized person may really be kidnapped, i.e. not willing to take a part in this process or it can fully cooperate with the company in this process. In both cases the kidnapped person will not seek any chance or way to \"get out\" (i.e. will be cooperating willingly or unwillingly or will be deluded itself and kept unconscious or not aware of the kidnapping event). So we only need to take care about other persons, not about person in topic.As chairman of this company, personally involved in \"kidnapping\what options do I have?Things that I considered so far:Changing facts, social wires, news, faking situations to pronounce person dead. Creating a fake grave for it and let the family and friends believe that it is dead (aka. \"La Femme Nikita\").Faking a situation in which person in subject is sent to highest-level jail for ten or twenty years sentence without an ability for a parole and without even a possibility to see anyone.Faking a letter as written by subject to let family and friends think that this person is \"gone\" for a longer period of time (years?), i.e. decided to join a contemplative order, some community, sect etc., decided to go for a long-time, world-span trip and deluding family and friends during this period by sending a fake mails, photos and even making fake phone calls (technology allows it in this world).Not doing anything in preparation stage. Simply kidnapping this person and reacting on all events or situations as they arise (quite very risky?).Are any of above options plausible? Are there any other options to consider?Edit: Once people are kidnapped and kept hidden within company's premises (no matter whether willingly or unwillingly) they are kept completely and totally separated from the world. They don't have access to the Internet, telephone nor to any kind of media. So we discuss / cover only their past web-presence. They are not able to create any new Internet/media/world presence.Edit: As JBH correctly points out there will always be some kind of disturbance created with disappearing of any person (broken social connections). That's fine. I'm only talking about not creating disturbance that can't be handled, i.e. that leads into asking \"wrong\" questions.
How to kidnap a person, so the world wouldn't object or ask questions? In my world there's a company that needs to kidnap a person or a number of persons (reasons are out of scope of this question) and must do this in the way that no one (and I mean: no one) would object, have or ask questions, seek for a missing person etc.Thus, I'm saying about breaking all that person's family, friends, neighbor and social connections, i.e. \"removing\" it from the world without creating  disturbance and without causing question.The seized person may really be kidnapped, i.e. not willing to take a part in this process or it can fully cooperate with the company in this process. In both cases the kidnapped person will not seek any chance or way to \"get out\" (i.e. will be cooperating willingly or unwillingly or will be deluded itself and kept unconscious or not aware of the kidnapping event). So we only need to take care about other persons, not about person in topic.As chairman of this company, personally involved in \"kidnapping\what options do I have?Things that I considered so far:Changing facts, social wires, news, faking situations to pronounce person dead. Creating a fake grave for it and let the family and friends believe that it is dead (aka. \"La Femme Nikita\").Faking a situation in which person in subject is sent to highest-level jail for ten or twenty years sentence without an ability for a parole and without even a possibility to see anyone.Faking a letter as written by subject to let family and friends think that this person is \"gone\" for a longer period of time (years?), i.e. decided to join a contemplative order, some community, sect etc., decided to go for a long-time, world-span trip and deluding family and friends during this period by sending a fake mails, photos and even making fake phone calls (technology allows it in this world).Not doing anything in preparation stage. Simply kidnapping this person and reacting on all events or situations as they arise (quite very risky?).Are any of above options plausible? Are there any other options to consider?Edit: Once people are kidnapped and kept hidden within company's premises (no matter whether willingly or unwillingly) they are kept completely and totally separated from the world. They don't have access to the Internet, telephone nor to any kind of media. So we discuss / cover only their past web-presence. They are not able to create any new Internet/media/world presence.Edit: As JBH correctly points out there will always be some kind of disturbance created with disappearing of any person (broken social connections). That's fine. I'm only talking about not creating disturbance that can't be handled, i.e. that leads into asking \"wrong\" questions.
Magic: Reality check of effects of mass-altering magic I'm looking into magic systems for my fantasy world, and among other things, I want to make sure that I have the effects right. One such magic system allows the user to create a small 'bubble' of space nearby. All objects within this bubble (including the ground and air) have their mass reduced or increased. This works on an atomic level. The magic isn't adding new atoms or removing them, just increasing/descreasing their mass, and therefore increasing/decreasing their gravitational pull. To the best of my knowledge, the mass of an atom is governed by how many neutrons it has, and changing that number would actually change what the atom is. Disregard that for this question. All atoms somehow stay the same with a new mass. Note that this effect only lasts as long as the objects remain within the bubble of magic. So if the mage stops the effect or the material leaves the bubble, mass returns to normal. Question: I wanted to be sure I have the effects of this magic right, as in what would happen when the mass of objects was increased/decreased. I've listed my theories below, and would love to hear if they are right, or if they are wrong, why (and obviously what the right effect is). And of course, if there's an effect you know of which I haven't considered, I would like to know that as well. For the theories below, assume there's no limit on how far you can increase/decrease the mass of an object. I'm just trying to get a feel for what would happen; limitations come later. Theories:Increasing the mass of objects would make them get heavier. Due to the increased gravity of the atoms, I would imagine they would also get a bit smaller if the magic was powerful enough. Decreasing the mass of objects would make them lighter. I'm not sure about increasing size. Extreme: You could potentially (assuming you had enough magic) increase the mass of an object (and thus shrink it down) to generate heat due to pressure. Thus you could possibly heat things up, turn them into dim lights, or if you go far enough, cause them to explode. Would I be correct in this? Extreme: If you decrease the mass of an object far enough, the gravitational bonds of the molecules will be unable to hold onto each other, and the object will simply float apart as particles. I know atomic bonds are very strong, so I'm assuming the molecules would stay intact (and thus the material would remain the same), meaning something like a brick would just float away as a fine dust. Am I correct in this? Assuming the previous is true, what happens when a low-mass dust leaves the bubble, and mass returns to normal? It won't reassemble into a brick, but would it reassemble at all? Would a rock form in mid air and fall to the ground? A bunch of pebbles? Nothing? Note: This isn't a comprehensive 'would this work' question for this magic system. I just want to be sure I have the effects of it correct. How it works and related questions are separate and may be asked later. 
Octopus ink contains micro parasites that act as acid I'm building a story around a newly discovered kind of deep-ocean octopuses whose ink contain \"parasites\" which act as acid in organisms.These ink parasites can be used as a weapon of mass destruction. This is what the director of an underwater lab plans to do, together with the Military of course. The protagonist, a young woman, a teuthologist, who came to work on these octopuses and their ink at the lab, wants to stop that.Blood of the octopuses acts as an antidote to this ink. It destroys the parasites and reverses the damage done by them. A small dose of octopus blood against a large dose of ink won't help. So there should be either a balance or there should be more blood.But these parasites don't live long outside of organisms and their ink ecosystem, they die.These parasites can eat through skin and other soft materials like cloth and paper.Now I have come to a few problems I cannot solve that are key to my plot.How do these parasites live withing the body of the octopus, its sacs, and not destroy it?What could be so crucial in the ink for these parasites to be able to survive only in it and living organisms?For my plot to work, the parasites should be able to do damage to cables, metal, plastic and so on, when they die. The protagonist will use that when she needs to destroy the lab. She will break an ampoule containing these parasites upon the generators of the lab. What can cause the parasites to maybe blow up or maybe turn into a natural acid upon death?If anyone has any good ideas, please advise.I'm interested in theories that would be science-based according to today's world. I mean nothing too much new. Octopuses exist, their ink is a ways of escaping from prey, except that ink of these octopuses is meant to kill rather than help escape. In water, outside of organisms, the parasites will die. So there's not much chance of them spreading. These octopuses live very deep beyond where we can go now.
Gravity canceling space gun vs black hole Not sure how to say this simpler, so we'll try shorter.We have a big space gun.  It makes gravity not be there where it shoots.It shoots at a black hole.Does black hole go boom?And for the tricky question, we'll get crazy and define the space gun a little more rigidly.So, treat the space gun like it creates a cylinder (that's one of those circular things with height) of totally nullified gravity.  That cylinder has a radius much smaller than the event horizon of the black hole.  It is aimed straight at the center of the black hole.Will that still cause the black hole to go boom?Also, we don't care about the fate of the space gun, or even where it is.  Also, we can treat the cylinder as though it has effectively infinite height, unless it really matters.
What would happen to Earth's climate and sky if the ozone layer was completely distroyed? It would be very interesting to have sci-fi stuff showing our planet lacking the ozone layer due to deterioration of biodiversity and pollution.I read that Earth could not have life if there wasn't an ozone layer to filter the uv radiation from the Sun. If the ozone layer was distroyed, what would happen to Earth's biodiversity and appearance? Would Earth no longer have forests and fauna even if rainfall continued to exist?And what would happen to Earth's sky? Would it still be blue or would it change its color and brightness? Would sunlight look brighter or dimmer?
Possible character body modification for wielding large swords <blockquote>  Duramar was a cook, a really strange one. He would walk crooked forward and slightly bent to his right. From time to time I saw him loosing his balance trying to speed up the dinner time, only to be rescued from falling by nearby sturdy objects which he could grasp on. I never really saw him falling, but that would be a show of its own due to his apparent heavy weight. One time I saw him carrying alone one large pig on his right arm and wondered why he seemed so straight and on balance. Anyone trying to carry that pig would likely drag him through the ground. Even if I was strong enough to lift that animal from the ground, I would definitely fall face first on the mud, that thing was huge!    He has something like a stump on his left side back, near his shoulder. Everyone says it's a callus, but I never saw one so big. He would never take off his shirt in front of anyone, so nobody could be sure. Arturus said it was the reason he could fight with that monstrosity of a sword. When I first came to the camp I thought that was a cleaver to butcher bulls. I'm responsible for oiling it before battle, alongside Arturus. It weighs more than I do and it takes both of us to tend to the blade without ruining it by dropping it on the stone floor of the barracks.    I never watched him battle on a real fight, but one time he sparred the captain. It was incredible how on balance and fast he was wielding that blade. I don't think something that big should move that fast, the gods shouldn't allow that.</blockquote>TL;DRDuramar has a growth on his left side back, near his shoulder blade. In the story there are people with steel skins and it will be revealed later. The growth is made from solid steel, explaining its massive weight.He is stronger than an average human, nothing like superman power, but something like 4 man-power units.He compensates it by leaning forward, but is really clumsy and loses his balance frequently.While holding something heavy on his right hand, his center of mass returns to that of a normal human being and he can move and fight really well.What I need to knowHow believable is that? I know that with fantasy anything could work, but being believable is preferable.What other body modifications would he need to have in order to wield a really heavy and long sword? I'm thinking about having his lower body heavier and also with 
Creating Language for a Comic Does anybody have experience creating languages for the world they are creating? I am world building for a comic, and I am by no means a linguist. If I could avoid making an entirely new language I would, but because the story is visually communicated through the pages of a comic book, readers will have to see writing at some point (like in town squares, books, etc). My only concern is if I draw scribbles on a book, it may compromise the reader's suspension of belief. Any advice?EDIT: The world I'm creating is arabian inspired. That means that it would make sense to create a language similar to arabic. Since I don't know how to read arabic, this can be somewhat of a challenge. I'm just wondering how I can get away with using a pseudo language based off of a language I can't even read in the first place.
What manner of weapons and armor would be suitable for freezing conditions in the middle ages? In this story I'm giving a go at, humanity as a whole have been under siege from creatures that can be best described as humanoid demons. Things haven't been going well for the human race, as the demons have greater physical strength, size, pain resistance, and seem to all have a sadistic love of violence. One advantage humanity has over demons is a greater resistance to freezing temperatures. In simple terms, demons will freeze to death faster than humans will. As a consequence of this, humans have started to build towns, castles, and research installations in very cold places to protect them from invasions. However, this has only slowed the conquest of the demons, not prevented it. The humans need a standing army for defense, and demons have no problem changing their equipment to combat the cold. One of my major concerns is steel, and like metals, becoming brittle with prolonged exposure to cold. Even if I'm wrong about the severity of the brittleness, there is also the issue of trying to wear an ice-cold steel suit in the snow. Hypothermia and frostbite are no joke. To the best of my knowledge, actual arctic warfare was rare in these times (since it was better for both sides to wait until spring) so I'm not sure if there are historical examples I can use.I'm all for guerrilla warfare with camouflage and mobility being the priority, but I'd love to see how extreme pure defense could get in freezing conditions. Heavy and durable armor is what I'm interested in if that's even possible with kind of climate.If greater specificity is needed for answers: imagine around 14th century European level of technology and -23\u00b0C to +4\u00b0C (-10\u00b0F to +40\u00b0F) temperature (with significant snowfall and wind) to deal with. What manner of weapons and armor would be suitable for freezing conditions in the middle ages?  
How would this super-earth world be? (Creature evolution) I have a super-earth world. The surface of the world is shallower due to extra gravity, so shorter mountain ranges and less ocean depths. The world orbits a binary star system at a distance of the furthest region of the habitable zone, both of the stars having masses of 0.93x that of our suns. The world is highly volcanic, approximately 15 to 16 times more volcanic than our planet. Surface gravity: 1.35x of Earths.Atmosphere thickness: 10x of Earths (a result of it being highly volcanic in comparison to earth.) Atmospheric composition: Nitrogen 78%, 15% Oxygen, 5% Carbon dioxide, 2% Trace gases.Temperature:  rather hot, the tropical regions being 90 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit. (based on what I've tested on Universe Sandbox 2)Land coverage: 75% water, and 25% land (but less water being present on this world as the oceans oceans are shallower mostly due to a lot of island formations) Radius: 7750 kilometers Day/Night length/full rotation: 28 hours.  Axial tilt: 53 degrees.Orbital period: 1.15 yearsEccentricity: 0.025How would the fauna and the flora of this particular world be due to its pressure?
How would coral reefs thrive on this super-earth world? I have a super-earth world. The surface of the world is shallower due to extra gravity, so shorter mountain ranges and less ocean depths. The world orbits a binary star system at a distance of the furthest region of the habitable zone, both of the stars having masses of 0.93x that of our suns. The world is highly volcanic, approximately 15 to 16 times more volcanic than our planet. The lithosphere is 4x richer in calcium, magnesium and has much more other minerals than present on earth that is very useful for marine life such as boron and strontium. Surface gravity: 1.35x of Earths.Atmosphere thickness: 10x of Earths (a result of it being highly volcanic in comparison to earth.)Atmospheric composition: Nitrogen 78%, 15% Oxygen, 5% Carbon dioxide, 2% Trace gases.Temperature: rather hot, the tropical regions being 90 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit. (based on what I've tested on Universe Sandbox 2)Land coverage: 75% water, and 25% land (but less water being present on this world as the oceans oceans are shallower mostly due to a lot of island formations)Radius: 7750 kilometersDay/Night length/full rotation: 28 hours.Axial tilt: 53 degrees.Orbital period: 1.15 yearsEccentricity: 0.025How could you make it possible for coral reefs to thrive in such a world based on the fact carbon dioxide makes the oceans acidify?
How would a tripedal animal walk? Animals on Earth have 2 or 4 legs they use for walking. On another world, however, animals have 3. I want to know how these animals will walk. How will their legs be placed and how will they move them to walk? For instance, maybe they would have 2 legs in front and one in the back, 1 in front and 2 in the back, or another setup entirely. What would the gait look like? Perhaps they alternate between 2 legged and 1 legged steps or maybe move 1 leg at a time in a 3-step cycle. While there are many potential answers I want to know which arrangement would be most effective and therefore most likely to evolve.Assume that the 3 legs form a triangle (although not necessarily an equilateral one) rather than a line. Let\u2019s also say the animals evolved on an Earth-like world with equivalent gravity. I imagine that different sized creatures with different walking requirements might have different setups and gaits and even one animal may have multiple gaits just like we see on Earth. While I\u2019m interested in the potential differences between large and small, fast and slow, let\u2019s focus this question to an animal species of roughly human size and with human needs to walk long distances and occasionally move faster.
Causes of permanent hand damage and other effects it may have Basically, I have a musician type character who has permanent hand damage in both hands that prevents him from playing instruments. This information can also be used by those who wants to learn about hand damage in general. I want to know what are the different types of hand damage, how they can be caused and what other side effects it may have in day to day life as befits the<blockquote>  How to achieve a specified effect in a defined world, including by the use of biology, technology or magic, while maintaining in-universe consistency</blockquote>part of the guidelines. The end goal is to prevent the musician from playing instruments ever again.They must fit the following criteria:no amputations involved, they may get a lot of physical damage, but the hand should still stay intactmay or may not be from an accidentmay or may not be due to some sort of disease (real life disease)must be permanent, meaning the hands will never be the same ever againhas to be applicable on an average teenager kid (13-19) prior to being disabled, meaning no stuff like old age arthritis or getting shot by alien lasershas to be applicable to modern times (aka 21st century),meaning stuff like cures/techniques that have been invented now are available for the character
How would a sailing ship travel on land? Or, more specifically : How, starting with a regular ~16th something-century sailing ship, could it be possible to modify it to go on both land and sea?<br>In a pre-industrial setting, no fuel, no steam.<br>Ideally, I'm looking for a solution that allows a seamless transition from water to land with little to no need to stop and change setup.<br>My first instinct was to simply add huge wheels under the hull and maybe steer it with a second helm, but I have a feeling it might not be so simple.  I'm not looking for a completely detailed scientific explanation, but for a mechanism that would be plausible enough without getting deeply into specifics.Edit : After reading some of the answers, I'd like to add a few questions on compromises :  Would going for detachable wheels result in a more realistic construct?If it were to use some kind of supernatural force, what should it impact to be most effective? The wind? The weight of the ship? The resistance of materials? 
How would I make a moon appear black in a night sky that has a nebula visible in it? So, I'm developing a world for my fantasy setting, but I thought it'd be neat if this particular world had a nebula visible in its night sky.  (So, it might not be a nebula like the kind we have in the real universe.)  Anyway, I thought maybe there might be a point during the year where the moon would be completely black but it would still be visible because the nebula would be located behind it.  Problem is, I can't figure out how to make that happen, except perhaps during a lunar eclipse.  But the moon isn't black during a lunar eclipse, it's red.  So, how would I be able to get this black moon with the nebula as a backdrop to happen?Update:So, I've received a lot of great feedback, but I should probably clarify something about the nebula for people so we're all on the same page.  It isn't a nebula in a literal sense.  This is a fantasy setting, after all.  The nebula was created when one god sucker-punched another god during The Divine War, a period where a whole bunch of gods were fighting with each other.  Most of their fighting was on another plane of reality, but sometimes the fallout carried over into other universes.  The nebula, which the Orcs refer to as \"The Sky Wound,\" isn't composed of the same materials as nebulae are in the real universe.  It's a massive cloud of divine energies that bled over from the plane where the gods were fighting.  The god who got sucker-punched lost pieces of himself, which were scattered across the mulitverse.  One piece might be at the center of the nebula, but I'm not sure of that.  (It seems a bit obvious.)  Anyway, the nebula is generating light, not reflecting it.  As the god has been waking up from being KO'ed for thousands of years, the nebula has shifted from crimson to green.  Currently, because he's fully awakened, it's completely green.  As he locates the pieces of his being that were broken off of him, the nebula will shrink and ultimately vanish.Regarding the moon, it's probably around the same size as ours.  I don't want it to be so close that it will be causing all kinds of tidal and other issues for the Orcs, so it can't be in a position where the red wavelengths filtered through the planet's atmosphere will be unable to reach it during a lunar eclipse.  That leaves us with finding a way to negate the red wavelengths from being reflected back to the planet during an eclipse.  The moon having an atmosphere is the most appealing explanation for me, since it presents some interesting opportunities.  As I said in one of my comments, portals between planets are a common thing in this setting.  I've been considering the idea of some worlds having portals that connect to their moons for a while now.  It'd be fun if the Orcs could go to their moon to gather certain resources.  Mind you, this doesn't mean the atmosphere would be breathable.  In fact, I'd prefer that it not be.  All it should do is give them enough protection from the sun and the vacuum of space that they don't have to worry about those issues.  Beyond those two things, however, the atmosphere should be of no benefit.  The Orcs would need to come up with some kind of magical life support system to protect themselves from it enough that they could mine for resources.So, how do you guys think we could pull something like that off?  Just to recap, the moon will have an atmosphere that does not reflect red light and will prevent the Orcs from decompressing, freezing, or burning to death when they use a portal to reach the moon.  There also needs to be something keeping them safe from the lethal radiation coming from the sun.  Magic can be a solution to these problems, of course, but I'm looking for non-magical explanations since I don't want to be using magic as a crutch.  In other words, I'd prefer that the only solution magic offers to setting up mining operations on the moon is in the form of the Orcs having a life support system providing them with breathable air.This is getting fun.
Hitting a Thermokinetic With a Bullet I'm having several of my superpowered characters do a simulated scrimmage, with paintballs. These characters have various powers: telekinesis, electric manipulation, water manipulation, energy manipulation (force fields, energy balls, etc.) , light manipulation (which includes being able to manifest lasers and illusions), air manipulation (which includes sonic manipulation), and heat manipulation. This last one is the most troublesome. According to the rules, there are several targets on the person's body which must be hit by a paintball for them to be out. It's not allowed for a person to guard only their targets, but they can guard their body. It's obviously difficult to hit any of these characters (duh), but the thermokinetic gives me some problems. The thermokinetic just radiates an aura of heat (which he can obviously control) which is warm enough to make bullets melt before hitting him, let alone a paintball. How would it be possible to hit the thermokinetic with a paintball? You can use the abilities of other people (listed above), or you can just get creative and use some sort of strategy/superpower combo. Note: Assume he doesn't have a weakness, and there isn't an excessive amount of water available (though you'd probably need somewhere around a lakeful). 
What is a good excuse for why an early 1900's-like fantasy world has not yet invented rifles / guns of any sort? I am writing a book where the world is split into multiple kingdoms, with each kingdom using a similar magic system to the rest, but using different powers. IE one can control the elements, another does telepathy, another mostly powers associated with the dead, etc. Is there are any way, assuming the world has progressed via a combination of industry coupled with magic, for guns to not really be a common weapon in war? Or I suppose more specifically, what circumstances - ie cultural reasons, lack of specific resources being available, etc - might have led to the traditional close-quarters army vs army combat remaining prevalent despite the technological advancement?Crossbows and siege machines such as trebuchets are fine. And of course, if you have suggestions for how armies might be able to defend themselves against magic to allow for such large-scale ground warfare, I'm all ears!
Natural barriers around medieval towns I have a town, the capital of an empire. It covers 560 Hectares.What kind of natural barrier conforms to the following requirements:Is both heavily defensible and does not hinder trade all too much.The technology is of 1200 AD Europe.A large (Rhine sized) River either runs through this town or starts in/adjacent to the townOnly has 2 or 3 passages into it from the land (used by everyone daily to get in and out of the town, they should be wide/tall/open enough to have main roads on them and can be natural or artificial), however these passages are not very large (1-2 miles long)Last but most important, the barrier with only 2 or 3 passages through must be strategically implausible to circumvent. This town should not be able to fall by way of force unless you swarm the passages with thousands of men.I wish to know what type of natural barrier I could use to make it realistic both geologically (it must be able to be explained how it naturally formed) and strategically (it must not prevent trade or be too easy to overcome with an army).
Natural barriers around medieval towns I have a town, the capital of an empire. It covers 560 Hectares.What kind of natural barrier conforms to the following requirements:Is both heavily defensible and does not hinder trade all too much.The technology is of 1200 AD Europe.A large (Rhine sized) River either runs through this town or starts in/adjacent to the townOnly has 2 or 3 passages into it from the land (used by everyone daily to get in and out of the town, they should be wide/tall/open enough to have main roads on them and can be natural or artificial), however these passages are not very large (1-2 miles long)Last but most important, the barrier with only 2 or 3 passages through must be strategically implausible to circumvent. This town should not be able to fall by way of force unless you swarm the passages with thousands of men.I wish to know what type of natural barrier I could use to make it realistic both geologically (it must be able to be explained how it naturally formed) and strategically (it must not prevent trade or be too easy to overcome with an army).
Help balancing my six-sided magic system? I'm basically looking for advice on how to balance the magic system I'm designing for my novel. Basically, the way it works is this:There are six known Realms beyond this one where almost magic users draw their abilities from. Such a magician is called a Realmtapper. Each Realm is tapped into a bit differently. However, there are Six major Kingdoms in this world, and each one taps into a different one of these Realms - that is to say, there is 'one Realm per kingdom.' However, this Realmtapping 'energy' is the same for all Six Kingdoms. As a result, an enchanted item from the Elemental kingdom that, as an example, can be used as a heating device, can be recharged by a Realmtapper from another kingdom, but not recreated or modified in any way.The Sea of Might, Realm of Sorcery - such as psychic and telepathicabilities, as well as teleporation. Used by drawing invisible runicsymbols into the air.The Nameless Mist, Realm of Power. This includes physically improvingthe body and senses, as well as shapeshifting. Used by channelingmentally and consistently and maintaining one's concentration.The Endless Shades, Realm of Elements such as fire and water andwhatnot. Used by performing certain physical movement patterns, akinto martial arts moves, to do different actions with the elements.The Divine Peaks, Realm of Favors - such as blessings and curses -and also of manipulating and solidifying light. Used by calling uponthe Peaks in a form similar to prayer.The Veil of Souls, Realm of Death, including raising the dead and allthat that entails, as well as manipulating and solidifying solidshadow. Used by splintering the soul in pieces that are infused withpower.Advah. This is the world the story takes place on, and the magicalpowers here involve infusing yourself with improvements - ie physicalstrength, senses, no need to eat or drink for a while, etc - as wellas, more uncommonly, the ability to control/manipulate metals andgravitational and electromagnetic fields.There are, however, limitations to this. Realmtapping exhausts stamina. The more you tap, the more tired youare.  You can use several small realmtapping abilities, or perhapsone large one, before you are exhausted to the point of stopping. Ifyou continue to realmtap beyond your limits, you will loseconsciousness. As a result, being in good physical shape helpsRealmtap for longer periods of time.Realms have ties to certain environments. You can expect Realmtappingto come easily in some locations, but require much more effort inothers. The Sea of Might is connected to knowledge, and as such isstronger in areas where knowledge is more prevalent, like librariesor books or other places of learnings. The Shades is connected tonature and 'uncivilized' land, etc. As a result, you may be an excellent Realmtapper of the Shades, but there are some things you just can\u2019t do in a well-populate, industrialized city.The Realm Barrier can vary wildly. The barrier acts as a sort ofbuffer between Advah and the space between all of the Realms - thatspace being known as the mysterious Realm-Between-Realms. Thestronger the Realm Barrier is to where you are located on Advah, theharder it is to Realmtap. However, that\u2019s not all. The Barrierfluctuates based on how much that Realm is currently being tappedinto at your location - as a result, the more you Realmtap in acertain location, the more difficult it becomes, through the barrierslowly grows more stable over time in periods of low usage.Being able to Realmtap is something that approximately ~1% of the population can do.Also, I can go into detail with any specific Realm if you ask me to! I just didn't want to dump too many words here at once without cause.I suppose my main concerns are these:How do I balance the Mist to be more in line with the others (it seems a bit weak to me?) and how do I do the same for the Peaks? (This one seems to powerful, unless I limit it somehow to only be short-term effects of something to that end.)Are there any glaring problems you guys think I might encounter with said system? Are there not enough restrictions?The two questions above are the main ones I'm really here to ask about. The two below are just sort of there, and it'd be really nice if someone wanted to take a stab at them :)If this world was to take place in an almost early 1900's level of technological advancement, how might each Realm either improve or replace certain technologies? Some obvious ones are of course the Elemental kingdom having an easy time with... well, a lot of things, but if you have any other things you want to mention please feel free to do so!And, of course, is there anything else I should consider as I build this system up?
An Inverse Great Dying 252 million years ago, the worst event in the history of life on Earth occurred.  70% of all terrestrial species and 96% of all marine species became extinct through, according to geological records, a combination of events--flood basalt eruptions in Siberia, runaway greenhouse effect caused by the melting of methane ice, even the formation of the supercontinent Pangaea itself.In an alternate Earth, a reverse Great Dying occurred, one in which 96% of all terrestrial species and only 70% of all marine species became extinct.  What combination of factors would create such specified damage?Just a reminder, this question does not ask how long life would recover, who would fill in the vacant niches, etc.  The question is what would cause an extinction event as described in the paragraph above.  It doesn't matter when it happened.
Carrying out Self replication of humanoid to create versions of itself Premise: I have a character that is trying to replicate himself into offsprings that will accomplish his task. He is a major character with immense levels of power/energy. My character has to create more avatars of itself and these need to be clones of the character in ideology. Problem:He cannot enter the region and accomplish the task and he does not have an army to do it for him. Hence he needs replications. He has no female to mate with. Magic is the last option I would like to take (magic is an option because it is indeed a magical world). I think he may multiply asexually into clones.However, exact clones will have the same power levels as him and I want them to fly under the radar. Also, clones have the same physical resemblance and would raise suspicion. Hence I need a touch of diversity if possible. Options I have come up with (u can add your own too):1. creating bots of itself with the aim of carrying out repetitive instructions over the lifetime. But that would require introduction of technology and amalgamation with living beings.2. asexually replicating itself and passing down it's genes to the offsprings, hence storing the instructions and intent in the genes itself.3. Lay eggs.question:How to replicate into offsprings that are low energy but and slightly variant in appearance but more or similar to parent in every other sense? Is eggs the only option??Analysis and doubts:1. Creating multiple offsprings/clones of itself repetitively impact the father figure in terms of energy remaining to keep on replicating. Maybe introduce a cooling off period?2. The bots/children need to carry only a specific set of lineage from the father. Is it possible through asexual reproduction to pass on limited genes or lineage? I focus on such limitations because I want offsprings to carry only particular tasks and be low energy than the father.3. Any precedence in cinema/fiction available to learn from may help.Edit: I see people saying the question is unclear. 1. The question I think clearly says to help with replication. 2. The options are technical inventions like using bots or using asexual reproduction. People also are saying that the fantasy rules are applicable here which are only known to me. Well when I discard eggs it is not a rule, I clearly mentioned I do not like my character to do eggs. When I say cooling-off period, it is not a rule. I clearly ask that is a cooling off period necessary between replicated creatures or not? 3. I clearly ask if you have seen something like that attempted before in terms of a character replicating itself by itself?.
Crashland onto a new planet: Origin of the Legal System? I've been researching the origins of my world's legal system. I'm trying to develop it over time in a somewhat logical and organic manner and I've come to realise that I don't yet have a clear idea of the starting point of my cultures legal system. In trying to research examples I have managed to seperate my scenario into different yet related examples. A civilian cruiseship crashes into a deserted island or is stranded adrift at sea. A civilian spaceliner crashlands onto a deserted planet or is stranded adrift in space.Rescue will take weeks/months. It is not expected to be immediate. The captain and trained crew initially took control during the initial emergency (as expected). What happens after the initial emergency is over...What law applies to the crew and civilian survivors during this extended emergency period? Law of the ship's country or planet of registration?International Maritime Law?Martial-like Law?Some sort of Colonial-like law?Question - Is this something that one could expect to have already been codified into Law or is it something that each disaster situation will deal with uniquely: the survivors and crew (and author) have to figure it out for themselves?Notes for Answers: The time period of these scenarios is near future, using past- and current-day precedent to base the legal system on.Answers can use either sea/space scenario or both. I believe the scenarios are similar enough to avoid being too broad, and by combining them into one question it allows space answers to build on historical examples rather than pure opinion based speculation into the future.If the answer is \"it depends\" (which I truly don't mind), the answer that explains the major legal variables/issues at play would be accepted.
Help my Assassin Kill His Target This normal looking man here is called Sam, and he\u2019s about to kill a VERY important person whose death will bring about a great war. This would-be assassin is posing as an Alliance guard, face lift and everything. Sam and his extremist group (RED HAND) plan to kill the Commonwealth's president, and make it look like the Alliance did it (they are in cold war hostilities with each other). You are a tactician for the RED HAND; help guide Sam in picking the right weapon and the right plan. Go now comrade and bring the red death with you.   A major conference is being held in the demilitarized zone with all the most important officials going. The RED HAND with great loss of life and money got Sam a new face and ID as an Alliance security guard. Sam is ready and totally committed to the course. He is ready to die for the plan, but even better yet he is ready to kill for it.Layout Info:The conference will take place inside an old two story theatre. Both sides will have heavy security in place both outside and inside, but inside the theatre no one is allowed to carry guns, only stun batons. Sam has access to the building BUT will be checked for weapons by security when entering (both a metal detector and a pat down so carry light and NO metals). The target is protected by security at all times except when making a speech. Sam was the only operative from the RED HAND to make into the conference alive, so no back up and no helping HAND.Plan of engagement:Sam has false teeth with a hidden compartment inside (that could carry parts or ammo). Sam's belt and shoe heels also have hidden compartments that could carry small hidden items (a small poison coated plastic knife is inside the belt). Use of explosives or items that cause mass death is prohibited by the fact that like-minded people are attending who are needed to jump start the coming war (security guard deaths are clear). The RED HAND has booked out a VIP spot on the upper floor to have a safe place for Sam to put weapon parts together. The VIP spot has a view point over the conference hall can be used to shoot the target. The range is 15 meters from target (or get close and personal, death for Sam is the same anyway). Sam is skilled in both melee and marksmanship but he is no super-solder, so trying to kill every guard there is not going to end well but he can hold his own.     Question: What items would you bring and what will be your plan to take out the target?I have my own ideas for Sam but I wanted a wider net for ideas on how Sam will kill the target. Any answers will be fine so long as you don\u2019t jump the shark on weapons or tactics (modern items are allowed to be used).
Can tablelands produce a rain shadow like mountains do? In my world I have a region of desert, bordered on the east by the steep cliffs of a tableland or plateau.  The plateau slopes gradually down to the east coast of the continent, a distance comparable to the width of Europe.  The prevailing winds come from the east, off the ocean, and blow across these tablelands, being gradually pushed upward by the rising land.If they're high enough, could these these tablelands create a rain shadow that would explain the desert?  If so, how high off the desert floor would be high enough?
Storing 200TJ of Electricity for rapid discharge Here's the problem I'm having.I need a solution for the following situation.I have a sci-fi starship drive that needs 140TJ of energy every 6 hours.I have a Fusion Reactor that can produce 200TJ in that time period.The problem is the Reactors produces 10GW... so I need to store this charge somewhere for when it is used. That means I need a Battery or a suggested \"Burst Circuit\"... I can't figure out which is the better method of storage.I can't figure out how a burst circuit would work as it seems like a 200TJ charge going around in a loop would burn awfully hot and destroy the circuit rapidly and also the rapid drop in Energy then reheated would damage it too. The problem with the Battery solution is that I don't how big the battery would be, and I'm pretty sure a battery can't discharge such high energy at once.So which is the better method or is there a better one? Can the Burst Circuit be done with current tech? How big would the battery be?
What does a solid, 1 mile diameter subterranean glass sphere look like? There is a solid glass sphere that is 1 mile in diameter.  It is completely covered in dirt and rock, except for one small room that is built adjacent to the sphere.  One of the four walls of this room is the surface of the sphere.  What would the sphere look like to someone standing in this room holding a pitch torch?I understand the answer might depend on what type of glass the sphere is made of. Please feel free to assume whatever type of glass makes answering this question easiest.  The sphere can even be diamond, or any other \"clear\" mineral, if using glass is a problem.EDIT1: Assume a very fine polished surface.EDIT2: It seems I have to clarify.  When I ask \"what would the the sphere look like\I want to know what a person looking at the surface of the sphere would see.  Unless 1 mile wide blocks of glass cause blindness, \"nothing\" is not an answer.  I want to know, very literally, what looking into this sphere would be like.  If the glass is completely dark, please elaborate: is it dark like a gloomy room behind a glass panel, or is the surface of the glass completely black as if made of obsidian?  Would bringing the source of light closer to the surface of the glass have any effect?
How to cause a surge in large carnivore diversity, roughly 5-7 million years hence? I have had an idea for a possible story, where the protagonists are some kind of future, sapient hominid descendants (Not descended from humans; bonobos or gorillas or something).The main premise of the setting is that there is a huge diversity (In terms of number of species) of large mammal carnivores, specifically big cats, hyenas, bears and canines. I want to justify this scenario with some kind of plausible explanation, rather than \"there just is\".The removal of humans is obviously going to help, and I never saw humans as being part of this age. I have my own idea, but I won't put it here; as I wouldn't want to start a discussion, which this site is obviously not for.So, my question is; What scenario would be a plausible way to justify the appearance of all these large predator species? 
How quickly could a Norse longboat get from Denmark to \"Vinland\" (Newfoundland) and beyond? Alright, departing from my usual fantasy setting to something of a thought experiment. Let's say, for argument's sake, some Dane longboat captain in the 10th or 11th century worked out how to make a primitive compass and, while serving in the Varangian Guard, read about the shape and size of the Earth. Extremely unlikely, I know, but humor me. This hypothetical Dane would, in other words, be an extremely capable navigator and explorer.Anyways, let's say he made his way back to Denmark and resolved to sail west past England, and discovered places like the Faroe Islands, Iceland, Greenland, and Vinland/Canada. From there, imagine that he returns to Denmark, gathers up a bunch of Danes, and makes for Vinland to set up a colony. How quickly could he sail from Denmark to Canada, without stopping? Assume he's got good weather and favorable winds, as well as a top of the line longboat for the day.Now, for further fun, let's say this Dane established a successful colony in Newfoundland, and his son was hell-bent on outdoing his father in the exploration game. How far down the coast of North America could he conceivably make his way before he had to return to the colony for resupply?
Practicality of lighter-than-air aircraft for temporary agricultural irrigation? I'm building a colony that is an unintended eclectic museum of simultaneous, anachronistic stages of industry: Industrial, Machine Age, and Atomic+ (onward into more esoteric, advanced technologies that are strictly regulated for the sake of social experimentation).Prior to the construction of a pipeline, road, or rail networks and other transportation, I intend for zeppelins to be used to travel between coastal desalination plants and back to the main city. In addition to delivering drinking water, they would dump some of their water while passing over designated farmland to irrigate the crops, and if needed, also transport and dispense necessary fertilizers, insecticide, etc.I guess some would also stop at isolated plantations/farms to gather produce and deliver packages or necessary supplies for farmers and agricultural laborers.This is only intended as a temporary solution until proper transportation and irrigation infrastructure is built...so I can explain the existence of a retrofit fleet of zeppelins being weaponized later...Edit: Alright, probably unmodified, antiquated zeppelin designs are a miserable idea. Perhaps just magnetoships that use bags of lighter-than-air gasses to stabilize them, and appear aesthetically like antiquated zeppelins? Ach...But then what are all the problems with magnetoships that I don't know about? Or rather: What's a good freight vehicle that can float in the sky like a zeppelin?And now I'm intending a scenario or circumstance in which there is an obstacle that prevents the simultaneous development of infrastructure alongside the construction of the coastal desalination plants: \"We need water. We need more of it than what's falling out of the sky. It's over there. There's something nasty/loathsome between here and there. So we went over it.\" It can maybe be a lake/river and its respective filtration/purification plant, since people keep yelling at me that desalination is a dumb idea.Untamed wilderness...Voracious indigenous organisms...Obstinate xeno-druid roadblocks...What would stop a bunch of salty blue-collar humans in high-vis vests and hard hats? A lot of things I'm sure, but enough that it just makes sense to fly over it in the meantime...instead of say, call in someone to fight it (due to anticipated, constant harassment or guerrilla tactics).Ugh, but now I've forgotten about the farms I wanted to irrigate with fly-by's...Edit: Consensus is that fly-by irrigation is impractical, but could I perhaps just have water stored as freight and offloaded at designated stops (plantations/farms) via a simple tower of pipes sticking up in the air, probably connected to a water tower or something? A stable docking procedure is probably required.Requested Details:Planet is artificially constructed and terraformed (by a much more advanced faction distinct and separate from the colonists that the narrative is concerned with)The conditions were intended to be very close to Earth-like but there are locations where it is obvious that the landscape is artificially sculpted on a massive scale...again, perhaps for the purpose of messing with/experimenting upon developing societiesin this universe/reality, magic (of many different kinds) is known about, it exists, it is an oddity and impractical because of its known inconsistency over the scope of different celestial bodies (\"My fireball spell summons dancing meat-cubes on this planet ._.\"). People try not to use it and stay away from it as much as possible...and it is considered distinct from occult and psychic shenanigans that are actually, and ironically, better understood and regulated...In my intended context, an overarching \"social/technological experiment\" imposed on the colony is that antiquated technologies are known about, but not understood in-depth. Possibly, they require reverse-engineering from memory or nothing at all? The intention was to motivate the development of alternative technologies: \"Building things differently,\" Or hopefully, better than they functioned as we knew them.This is important for the anachronistic stratification of technology levels I mentioned first: Basically, there was a colony drop, the core of the ship is space-age tech, but only so much, and the people in charge of it shoo'd off the colonists, encouraging them to build around it with provided tools and materials from late Industrial Age tech and onward...because it was arbitrarily decided that that's when the curve of technological growth starts to get \"interesting\" ...I would word that more elegantly later in the terms of aforementioned sociological and technological experimentation of course...
I am writing some short stories and can't wrap my head around a time travel paradox I put an object in a time-travel device (say something that looks like a microwave ). I am now going to transport the object in time, but leave it in the same position relative to the Earth.If it was into the future, that's fine. It could simply disappear and re-appear in 5 mins, BUT, if I transport it into the past, then of course it would have already been in the device when I attempted to put it in... How the heck can I get around this?
Atmospheric Conditions leading to different colorations What kind of atmosphere would a planet need to alter the color of the sun and moon? I know this is rather broad, but I know that a certain gas in our atmosphere colors the sky blue, and gives the sun a yellow tint.So, what kind of gases, and how much of them, would be required to alter the coloration of the sun to red?
What is a usable formula for determining the necessary strength of a planet\u2019s magnetic field for it to be habitable? To my understanding, part of the reason life is able to exist on Earth besides its ozone layer is due to its magnetic field, which protects the planet and its life against solar winds and keeps the atmosphere from being stripped away. Now, I\u2019m aware that Earth\u2019s magnetic field varies a bit in strength at places as well (from 25 to 65 microteslas or 0.25 to 0.65 gauss), but that\u2019s only against Sol\u2019s winds, which vary from around 400 to 750 km/s depending on where the planet receives the flare.Since many factors have to be taken into account for such a thing, I am sure there is no one formula that guarantees accuracy, though there likely is one that provides an estimation. Star and planet size, distance from one another, possibly the axial tilt of both celestial bodies, and the frequency of flares are all factors I think are appropriate to keep in mind. Essentially, what I am asking for is a way to determine the necessary strength of a planet\u2019s magnetic field to support life using a given formula, using an Earth-like planet about 1.65 AU away from an F8 spectral type star as part of an example.NOTE: If further information is needed, please ask. I only included what I thought was relevant, so there is a high chance I missed something important.
Effects of comet/asteroid bombardment on planet temperature I have not had much success finding out what the effects of bombarding a planet with comets or asteroids could have on the temperature of that planet.I expect it would add some heat, and I understand it would be temporary. I understand that if it was a very large asteroid or a moon or something it could heat up the planet so much as to make it unlivable for millions of years. I guess I am more interested in the kinds of bombardments that could be done on a planet that already has inhabitants, at least living in enclosed habitats. I am sure there could be all sorts of effects depending on the composition of the object bombarding the planet, and the angle and location of bombardment. Maybe it could even kick up a bunch of dust or cause volcanic activity that would temporarily cool the planet?I am mostly interested in the possibilities of adding heat to a planet via bombardment and I am wondering how much heat could be added compared to how devastating the impact would be and how long the heat would last. (Aside from the effects of whatever was in the comet being added to the atmosphere.)
Astronomy in a universe with two \"straight\" dimensions plus a highly curved dimension So for lack of a better term (I'm sure there is a better term) imagine a universe without curvature as being like a sheet of paper. You have left, right, forwards, backwards, up, and down. Now take this sheet of paper and roll it. Specifically roll it so that it has a circumfrence of one meter. Go up 0.5 m and suddenly you're below where you started by 0.5 m. However this only works for up/down. You're still free to go as far left, right, straight, and  back as you please. (NB: time still functions as normal.) That is the world in which I ask my question. (There is a similar idea present in string theory that features very small extra spatial dimensions of this phenomon, the difference here being this spacial dimension is large enough to notice and interact with.)Now assuming that this universe experienced a big bang releasing lots of protons, neutrons, quarks, electrons, photons, etc, how would this universe advance astronomically? (Assume expansion takes place as normal, and that the one meter thing only applys in that universe's equivalent of today.) What versions of planets and stars would form and how would they interact?
Could the Library of Alexandria have survived until today? The Royal Library of Alexandria was one of the greatest library of the ancient world. However it was destroyed during the 3rd century after years of decline.  Was such a library doomed to destruction sooner or later or could it have survived, with a bit of luck, until today ?To be clear, I am more interested in the content of the library (i.e., the papyrus scrolls) than the building in itself.
Destruction of space colonist's technology Colonists from Earth colonized an exoplanet and for a few decades everything was fine, but one day Earth is destroyed by a nuclear war or whatever, so no more communication, help etc with it. Then, all the complex technology have a problem and I would like to find out what kind of catastrophe could cause it :It has to make satellites, spaceships, computers and modern communication like mobile phones not working anymore and you can't repair them. They can recycle parts of the electronics but can't make a computer or a  mobile phone (I want to make my colonists using low frequency radio communication).Colonists still can produce electricity so not too much damage to the solar panels, still in order to use radio communication.It doesn't destroy the ecosystems (and the colonists of course), I could bear something like fire but not a gamma burst.I'm not sure that a computer virus or crazy A.I. could respect my first rule and it looks too much like 2001 so something else would be good.
Destruction of space colonist's technology Colonists from Earth colonized an exoplanet and for a few decades everything was fine, but one day Earth is destroyed by a nuclear war or whatever, so no more communication, help etc with it. Then, all the complex technology have a problem and I would like to find out what kind of catastrophe could cause it :It has to make satellites, spaceships, computers and modern communication like mobile phones not working anymore and you can't repair them. They can recycle parts of the electronics but can't make a computer or a  mobile phone (I want to make my colonists using low frequency radio communication).Colonists still can produce electricity so not too much damage to the solar panels, still in order to use radio communication.It doesn't destroy the ecosystems (and the colonists of course), I could bear something like fire but not a gamma burst.I'm not sure that a computer virus or crazy A.I. could respect my first rule and it looks too much like 2001 so something else would be good.
What practical use would turning Herschel crater (Mimas) into a massive satellite dish have? Saturn and it's moons, minus a few rogue colonies, are under the control of the Saturnine Syndicate. Long have they wanted to turn Mimas into a communication, technology, and data hub. But I've run into a problem: I don't honestly know if a massive satellite dish on Mimas (taking up the Hetrschels crater) would have any use.My question is: Is there any practical use for a large satellite dish on Mimas? Or would it be better to not use a massive satellite dish, another location is better, etc.Note: Yes, Mimas would really look like the Death Star with this satellite dish. Which would be a funny reference in my mind.
How can I legally reduce religion in my world? Religious rights are protected, and freedom to religion is secured, how can we reduce religion in a country without breaking religious rights laws.Here are some examples:Ban religious schools (perhaps indirectly by only allowing state-schools)Teach atheistic/spiritual/non-religious philosophies in state-schoolsBan organisations like halal certificationextra \"humanitarian\" tax on religious organisation profits, which is spent towards healthcare &amp; welfareFull financial transparency for any religious charitiesMake non-profits pay tax on profits (If you don't make a profit, you won't pay tax)banning public prayingbanning public religious preachingsHow else could you legally reduce religion? (without too aggressive laws)NotesThis is in a dictatorship, where the dictator wants to pass grey-area laws which aren't too aggressive, but can also slightly break some religious freedomThe dictator is worried about international attention, and if extreme anti-religious laws are made, then other nations will intervene. It can't be aggressive enough to trigger a casus belliThe world is like ours, same day and ageBonus Question: How would you prevent domestic religious teaching?
Self-sustaining Mars colonization BackgroundA 100 years in the future Mars has been colonized, new settlers and resources arrive from earth every 26 months (when the planetary orbit lines up best) by first taking the space elevator to Earth orbit then using a large one way ship to get to Mars, the ship designed to be one way, landing on mars and then stripped to be reused around the Martian colonies, a Mars space elevator is in the works which once completed would allow true two way travel between the Earth and Mars, or at least that was the plan before the blackout happened.One day all communication with anything outside Mars stopped (Earth, the next colony ship that was in route to Mars &amp; even the crew working on the Mars space elevator in Mars orbit), an event that among the Martian settlers came to be known as the blackout, no one knows what happened but for the purpose of this question it's safe to assume that every human being outside Mars is dead and every man-made machine outside Mars stopped working.Tech levelThe technology of the Mars colonies is near future (100 years) earth level, things such as food, water and air has been fully self sufficient even before the blackout with Mars based greeneries, fish farms, algae farms,  and vat grown farms providing food, fuel (biofuel), bioplastics &amp; a certain level of medicine (basically any form of medicine that can be grown), it also provides some building materials (wood &amp; bamboo) while some other resources (stone, sand (for making glass) metal, water, earth elements) are mined on Mars, the only things that where depended on supply from Earth was things that are so advanced that they couldn't yet be produced on Mars like the more advanced parts of computers &amp; cellphones, advanced medicines, advanced robotics, etc.The colonies' electricity comes from multiple sources, solar panels (imported from Earth) provide some power but mostly it is either nuclear power or from burning local biofuel.Mars in not terraformed, and the colonists live in a mixture of domed cities, caves, underground areas &amp; above ground buildings made from local stone &amp; metal.Travel between areas of the same colonies never require stepping outside an unpressurized area (underground subways being  most common form of transport with larger colonies and walking in tunnels in the smaller ones), travel between colonies is usually done with pressurized above ground vehicles and trains but some colonies which are close enough to each other also have underground transport from one another.Mars societyWhile most Martian colonists are Earth born there is a small (but growing) number who are Martian born, giving birth on Mars has proven possible with about the same level of difficulty it is on Earth, it's entirely possible to give birth on Mars without any medical assistance but most still prefer to see a doctor (much the same as on Earth).Mars is in fact an array of colonies connected to each other, each providing some resources to other colonies but no single colony is a the sole provider of any resource. There is some friendly competition among the different colonies in much the same way that some cities residents in the same country like to talk about other cities but when the blackout strikes they pull together to survive.Martian colonists put a lot of emphasis on being as self reliant as possible even before the blackout, 3d printing and machine shops are a common occupation on Mars as well as other productive professions (there aren't a lot of advertisers on Mars, assume all colonist has useful skills or are young and still in school).Assume the colonies is of the minimal size needed to survive long term, if your answer requires a minimum of 10,000 people to survive then that's the colonies size, if it's a million then a million it is.The questionCan the colony as described above survive long term? for this question surviving means the most basic of needs being met, if they have water, air, food, a place to put their head for the night &amp; the ability to give offspring who will get the same that's enough, even if any sort of luxury they used to have is gone in the process.As time passes what resources they had from Earth will break down and if they required for survival will need to be replaced with a local made substitute, is there any piece of equipment or resource that couldn't possibly be made by the colonists that is required for the survival on Mars?  If the answer is no please provide with the exact reason why the colony can't survive, don't just say \"they couldn't possibly reproduce anything needed without Earth help\" but rather say something like \"X requires the element Y which doesn't exist on Mars and can't be synthetically manufactured dooming everyone\".
What is the highest possible IQ score (that a perfect AI could score)? As a small part of a SciFi story, a fully developed AI developed by advanced aliens (who think quantum computing is a neat, but outdated technology) happens to visit modern-day Earth. I'm talking about an AI that learns about humanity by reading the Internet. Not some pages, not Wikipedia, the entire Internet, all the change history of all Wikipedia pages, everything in the Way Back Machine, just everything.Out of boredom, the AI also takes an IQ test (or several). In the story this is used as a humourous smack-down of a (human) character who boasts how smart he is.An AI that scores a perfect score on an IQ test and delivers the result in a fraction of a second - what score would this result in?Bonus question: If the AI gets one of the language-comprehension questions wrong, what would be the highest possible score with one error?My checking indicates that different tests have different maximum values. So I'm looking for a Mensa test or something similar used to measure genius-level IQ.Sources I found are conflicting. One source said 220 is the limit of the human brain. Another said that the legendary William James Sidis is said to have had an IQ somewhere in the 250-300 range.ClarificationsI'm not interested in whether or not this would correctly measure the IQ of my AI or whether IQ even makes sense when applied to AI. Also not in discussing the merits of the IQ system. I am aware of how IQ tests work, I took a couple myself in my life.All I want is a quick number that actually would come out of such a test under the above conditions (zero or one error, less than one second time to complete the test).That number would probably be off the scale for humans, which is exactly the point. But would it be off the scale as in 300, or 500, or 12,000 ? This is basically one short paragraph in the whole book and I just don't want that someone familiar with how IQ tests are calculated goes \"nah, that's nonsense\"
How would a species in one dimension with its own properties go to another dimension with slightly different properties? In my world, I have three dimensions, each of which have their own special properties. From each of these three dimensions come a master race of said dimension:From the first, the master race is a creature who can manipulate their atomic structure to match that of anything they touch for long enough. For the second dimension, the master race is a people who look mostly like floating fog, with no visible body appendages. Their main ability is to generate appendages from this smoke. From the third, you have your regular old human, who is nothing more than simply a human. This human's world simply has a much more advanced technology base then we would imagine and also have discovered the existence of tachyons.Explanation of Dimensions:<blockquote>  The explanation appears in the order that the dimensions were mentioned.</blockquote>This race resides in a dimension much like our own Earth. The major difference here is that the massive amount of adaptation through transformation has to lead to massive species wars with many species transforming into stars, asteroids, and space rocks to cause severe damage to enemy lines. Since these battles span multiple galaxies, this has caused much galactical instability, leading to frequent supernovas.The second race resides in a dimension that lacks light. The beings in this dimension primarily move through sensory perception (smell, touch, feel, and they have the ability to sense anything dangerous to them). The nature of their dimension is without solid matter and light.a. For anybody who is wondering how the beings in this dimension are mobile, remember that at their base, they are almost weightless. They also have the ability to manipulate the \"smoke\" from which they are, so they can use it to create a light lift, ascending, descending, accelerating forward and so on to move around.The final dimension has the special nature of understanding and manipulating tachyons. Their main feat is the ability to time travel by harnessing the tachyonic energy found in space. How would each of these races be able to transport themselves to the other dimensions?
What would a hexapodal skeleton look like? Having looked at some of the questions regarding creatures with more than four limbs, I've found some useful info, like the idea that additional limbs increase stability while requiring more brain power to coordinate. This helps me imagine how a fictional group of hexapodal animals could evolve.However, I'm having trouble picturing what the basic structure of a vertebrate with additional limbs would look like. I'm not talking about specifics like a dragon's wings or centaur's hooves. I mean basic things - assume we're taking about a common hexapodal-vertebrate ancestor here, not the ins and outs of specific mythological creatures here.I know tetrapodal vertebrates have a pelvis and shoulder blades, which function differently because the forelimbs and hind limbs serve different purposes and take different amounts of impact. So I assume hexapods would have similar features... But with three sets of limbs instead of two I'm not sure what changes. Are the middle limbs attached to a pelvis, to shoulder joints, or to something else entirely? Where would the ribs go in relation? I'm sure there would be other things needed that I'm not thinking of because I'm not overly familiar with anatomy to begin with (and please forgive any errors because of that).
How to differentiate between different races of shape shifters? In my world I have a race of god-like beings who I've recently decided should be shapeshifters. However everything in my world comes in threes, and there are three races / clans of these beings. For comparison a related branch of beings is mortals; humans, elves and dwarves.The main difference between these clans in my mind is each has an affinity with a different branch of magic, but I want there to be something else that sets them apart from each other. Something that makes an individual of Race A have more in common with another individual of Race A than of Race B or C.There are some limitations that have ruled out some of the more obvious options though;These god-like beings are practically wiped out (by forces of nature / other god-like beings) and the survivors live largely in secret. This is one of the reasons I want them to shapeshift. So whatever feature sets them apart from each other shouldn't stop them from looking like a human, elf or dwarf. So I can't just say Race A can take any form but their skin and hair will always be blue or something similar.They can inter breed with each other, and with the mortal races. Kind of already covered by being able to blend in with them, but they should be able to take and maintain a humanoid form that could reliable breed with each other and other humanoids. It's also not strictly necessary but if their defining feature also allowed you to identify hybrids between the races that would help too.The beings themselves are very powerful mages and immortal (Tolkien sense, as in live forever but can be killed) if that matters. As for their shapeshifting my explanation is that they can modify their bodies to suit their environments in the way that mortals modify the environment to suit them. So instead of wearing clothes or building buildings to make a place more hospitable they change their bodies (though they will adapt clothing and buildings from mortals, they just don't need them in the same way). They can change their whole bodies or just adapt them (so they could grow horns, feathers, scales etc. not sure if they can grow extra limbs but I'll probably allow wings so I can't see a reason not to) and while they may have a 'true' form I don't think it is something any of them would use frequently as they instead adapt and change their bodies to suit their whims and personality.So how can races of shapeshifters have some kind of defining features which set them apart but don't interfere with their ability to shapeshift?
Do hunter-gatherers move or stay put in the winter? A hunter-gatherer society exists in lands similar to that of Bavaria. There is plentiful game in the forests and glades, and there are many rivers with edible aquatic life. Smaller rivers can freeze periodically in the winter. Food preservation by smoking and salting are known. Gathered wild grains and acorns are gathered food items that might survive a winter.The advantage of staying put is that a well built shelter from the cold could be maintained and stored foods could be kept all winter long. On the other hand, food storage is minimal for hunter gatherers; moving food via sled is relatively easy in the winter; and cold protection is primarily skins and blankets, and not dependent on well built huts (which don't really exist). The advantage to moving in the winter is that food supplies are much more limited. Moving more frequently puts less pressure on the surrounding environment. Is it a better strategy for survival for a hunter-gatherer community in a cold winter environment to move a few times each winter, or stay put in one location?
What would be the physique of a damage immune teenager? I have this protagonist who has has the ability to magically nullify newtons of force when they would harm him. Functionally speaking, this makes the character immune from most forms of damage, both external and internal. While extremes of temperature, suffocation, and starvation can definitely kill him, the character is bullet resistant, knife proof, and can walk off a sledgehammer like it was a Wiffle bat. Furthermore, while the amount of force cancelled can be increased by concentrating, the process is largely automatic. Most people reflexively finch when they're about to get hit, this dude reflexively turns bulletproof. I've thought of side effects of this trait, such as the character having a surprisingly devastating punch via breaking Newton's third law and possessing a lot of confidence, but there is something I am still worried about. How would this affect his physical development? This character has been quasi-invincible since he was four and the effect is more than skin-deep, so to speak. With that in mind, what would his physique look like? He's most likely never pulled a muscle or overextended a tendon, but does this also mean he's never been able to build up muscle? I'm interested in any physical ramifications of this character's kinetic-cancelling in terms of his appearance and physique, but any psychological ramifications would be appreciated as well. Possibly relevant detail: This character's kinetic-cancelling defense can be overwhelmed with sufficient force and takes time to \"recharge\". Hit him hard enough (or very frequently very fast), the shield will break, and he becomes a normal human for an hour or so. 
Can the Sun lose enough mass that Saturn's current velocity becomes escape velocity? Imagine that, through some cosmic phenomena not yet understood, the Sun 'burps' and ejects a vast amount of its mass into the cosmic void. A huge coronal discharge, perhaps. A pressure bubble inside that bursts. A mega internal explosion. The loss of mass is sudden and dramatic, but in a trajectory that does not traverse the planetary plane, and thus does not destroy any planets. Perhaps it occurs along the axis of the planetary plane. That is, the Sun does not 'burn out', go nova, or any other destructive end-of-life process, it just loses a substantial amount of mass. No other destructive radiation or other event that would immediately destroy the planets. This loss of mass would result in a dramatic decrease in the gravitational pull of the Sun. This would affect all of the planetary orbits, as their escape velocity from the Solar System would decrease. If they kept their current velocity, I presume they would move further from the Sun.A. How much mass would the Sun have to lose, in order for Saturn's current velocity to become its escape velocity from the Solar System? This is a tricky calculation and equation, as it has to account for the diminishing gravity of the Sun, not an increased velocity of Saturn. That is, it does not ask for the  new velocity of Saturn sufficient to reach the escape velocity of Saturn from the existing Sun, but asks for the the maximum reduced mass of the Sun such that the current velocity of Saturn becomes its escape velocity.The following are ancillary, but not essential, questions that might arise from answering A.B. Is there any absolute principle of physics that would make this absolutely impossible?C. Is it feasible that Saturn, along with its moons, could become an intragalaxy or even intergalaxy wanderer using this technique? The ultimate goal is to put a sentient self-sustaining colony on one or more of its moons, and then have it wander the Universe. How to give it the ability to sustain life on a moon for millions of years is another question not within the scope of this question.D. Does it make more sense from the escape velocity perspective for my ultimate objective to consider another planet, such as Neptune or Jupiter? I need a planet with sufficient composition for it to become a source of power for the moons. Jupiter, for instance, naturally emits a very high level of radiation that could provide a source of energy for its moons as a substitute for the Sun, but again this is beyond the scope of this question.What happens to the Sun because of the loss of this mass AFTER Saturn becomes a wanderer is not within the scope of this question.How the Sun actually loses the mass is beyond the scope of this question. That it can somehow lose this mass is to be taken as a given assumption.
Requesting help with physiological merfolk concept The concept I have is merfolk that don't breath underwater and preserve a very human appearance from the waist up.  I need to keep human (or at least very human-like) hair, skin, andeyesight in them.Hearing and olfactory sense should be prioritised to life abovewater, through it would be nice if it worked to some extent in thesea.    I just need the hair to look somewhat pretty with long silk hair,not bald or with messed up hair.I'm aware that hair makes drag as does the human shape in general and that is fine, so it should swim fine anyhow, right? Breath holding: it would also be preferred if they could hold their breath for long periods of time like dolphin's 8 to 10 minutes, rather than the human average of 2 minutes.
Requesting help with physiological merfolk concept The concept I have is merfolk that don't breath underwater and preserve a very human appearance from the waist up.  I need to keep human (or at least very human-like) hair, skin, andeyesight in them.Hearing and olfactory sense should be prioritised to life abovewater, through it would be nice if it worked to some extent in thesea.    I just need the hair to look somewhat pretty with long silk hair,not bald or with messed up hair.I'm aware that hair makes drag as does the human shape in general and that is fine, so it should swim fine anyhow, right? Breath holding: it would also be preferred if they could hold their breath for long periods of time like dolphin's 8 to 10 minutes, rather than the human average of 2 minutes.
Could organisms live in the rings in a planet? Think of Saturn.In this book, some people travel to a gas giant with rings and find an ecosystem in the rings of a planet. It has predators and prey. It has plants and animals. Autotrophs and Heterotrophs. Here are details of the organisms living here.Plants-they are Autotrophs-They absorb nutrients slowly from nearby rocks by roots. They anchor themselves to multiple rocks by a strong root system, they break occasiqnly.-They reproduce by extending roots to other rocks too. Like a quaking aspen.-They get energy from the nearby star.-They are adapted to low gravity, no atmosphere, low nutrients (high nutrient, including oxygen, in rocks).Animals-They Are Heterotrophs-They are adapted to low gravity, low nutrients, and no atmosphere.-They get all energy from plants and other animals.-They are adapted to jump to rock to rock.-Extremly strong exoskeleton to withstand the vacuum of space.-They communicate by vibrations through rocks, thus being on same rock to communicate.-Reproduce by laying eggs under rocks in asteroids.-They go around in packs.-Packs attack other packs.QuestionNow my question is with all their adaptations, could they even exist? 
Would carbon fiber be a good choice to strengthen human bones, and how would that work? BackgroundHi all, I'm revisiting my musings on plausibly strengthening the human skeleton to better withstand the stresses of combat, melee in particular. If y'all don't care about background, skip to \"The Question\" two paragraphs below.In my setting, space marines (in the sense of soldiers who board space-/star-ships, not the Warhammer kind) have always preferred melee combat during boarding actions. In the early days of space-flight, people were still using kinetic weapons to defend themselves, and this practice remains widespread planetside. Aboard starships, however, it was quickly discovered that the bulkheads separating the warring marines and the Void weren't quite up to the challenge of shards of metal flying at obscene speeds.Rather than wait for starship manufacturers to catch up to this, many pirate factions switched to melee weapons such as swords, spears and shields. These shields are the key: being made of a MacGuffinite alloy (haven't gotten around to naming it yet), it is able to stop most kinetic small-arms fire with very minimal damage to the user. This lead to guard crews and eventually the Space Marine Corps to adopt similar weapons. Nowadays, an advanced and ancient race of humans from another planet has decided for various reasons to adapt the biology of their marines to this new melee combat, so as to not need the obscenely intricate and finnicky powered armor that other factions have taken to using.The QuestionNow, I'm going to address changes to the overall structure (e.g. bone shape, placement, etc.) in another question. For this one, I'm more concerned with the materials, composition, and structure of the bones and ligaments themselves. First off, I've seen somewhere that someone suggested coating the bones in a cartilage membrane. Now, what if we took that to the next level, and interwove that with carbon fiber? Also, could we actually embed a sort of carbon-fiber \"rebar\" within the bone itself, and potentially even include a core made of more rigid CF (sorta like that stuff new fancy bikes are made of)? This leads to another concern: is it plausible that there are certain enzymes within the cells of the skeletal system that are able to synthesize and lay down this carbon fiber matrix, a sort of carbon-fibrase? As for ligaments, would making them out of pure carbon fiber be better than a mix of carbon fiber and normal cartilage, and would either of those be better than just the cartilage as it was before messing with it?Alternatively, might another material be preferred over carbon fiber in this context, either for mechanical or chemical reasons? I was thinking carbon fiber because, well, we're carbon based life forms after all, and I reckon that the materials to make it wouldn't exactly be hard to come across in the diet. Plus, my understanding is its strength-to-weight ratio is outstanding compared to bone. Note also, I'm wanting this metahuman to be much stronger than a normal human too, so that's another reason to strengthen his skeleton to better cope with the increased stresses exerted by his musculature.Thanks in advance for your answers!
The weird case of the unresponsive Earth - why does the Earth stop communicating with Mars? Mars has been colonized, close to a million people are now living above (and below) the martian soil, every few months a ship from Earth arrives with more resource for expansion and more settlers, currently the travel is one way until the martian space elevator will be completed in the near future.Everything is going well until one day the \"blackout\" happens, all communication to Earth &amp; the sister colonies on the moon stopped, pointing what telescopes the Martian settlers did have to Earth show no signs of life - no lights in the dark sides of the planet, no signals of any kind in any of the electric spectrum that the settlers have equipment to measure and as the months pass no new ships arrive.It's as if one day everybody on Earth and Earth orbit just vanished.The QuestionWhat caused the \"blackout\"?The settlers don't know if anyone is alive, causes which would keep people alive on Earth yet unable to communicate with Mars or use anything that shows sign of life to settlers outside the planet is acceptable.Ideally Earth should remain intact, I would prefer answers where the settlers are guessing but never know for sure what happened on Earth.Tech level is near future - 100 years to the future is a good benchmark.Whatever the \"blackout\" is it should have no affect on Mars.I can handwave the lunar colonies using Earth to relay communication with Mars do to the small size of the lunar colony so it's possible the \"blackout\" to affect Earth only and not the moon - however satellites around the earth should still be affected as even automatic transmissions from them stopped.
\"Slow\" teleportation I've got a new invention which I think could revolutionize the transportation of people and goods: it's a teleport unit, which can transmit matter from one portal to another regardless of what is in between the portals.Unlike most teleports, though, it isn't instantaneous. It takes exactly as long as it would take the item being teleported to travel in a straight line between the portals, at the speed the item was introduced to the portal: if it is introduced at 60mph, and the exit portal is 60 miles away, it will appear an hour later, still traveling at 60mph. The item being teleported doesn't seem to experience the time, but just sort of skips over it - it's instantaneous from the traveler's point of view, just not the rest of the world.The problem is in the marketing of this. Obviously, I can't advertise it as being useful for getting to last minute business meetings: it'll take just as long as travelling in a straight line would, even if you don't experience that time. Testing has shown that people tend to feel a bit uncomfortable if they're travelling in a fast vehicle that goes through a portal where there is a jarring change of light/scenery, so I'm thinking of taking on the container shipping industry. My plan is simply to push containers through the portal, on rails, so the drivers never need to go through either way. I can't help feeling I've overlooked something though...It requires a portal at each end, but doesn't draw power beyond what a reasonable electric socket could provide (it doesn't need a power station to run, but can't be set up off-grid really) - this is a continuous draw, so needs to be applied for the full period of transportation, to both ends. It doesn't vary power consumption based on whether anything is going through the portal or not though, nor on the mass of the transported items.Haven't found any particular limit to how big the portals can be, but things being sent need to fit through both ends (well, technically not... But only the bits that do get transported...)Portals can't be moved while active - offline portals can be moved and reconnected, but anything sent to them while they are offline is lost. They can technically send or receive items, but they will come out scrambled and possibly incomplete. To avoid this, both portals should be stationary relative to a large gravitational pull - all testing has been using the Earth as the anchor, since I don't have any access to space. Don't see any reason why it couldn't be relative to a star or other planet though. Probably makes them less useful for interplanetary travel...If something is part way through a portal and stops moving, you get part of it sticking out each end, once the transmitted part reaches the destination. Not sure what happens if you then push from both ends... It seems unlikely to be good.If the power fails or is cut off, anything in the portal (e.g. has entered at one end and not yet exited from the other) is lost. Not sure where it goes - haven't found anything that suffered this fate yet. Stuff pushed directly into to an offline portal just goes through the space the portal encloses (like an open door). Stuff pushed into a portal where the other end is offline is lost.They are bidirectional. Can put stuff in either end, and it comes out the other end, assuming the power is kept on to both portals at all times.What's the best way to utilise this invention to get rich?
What would be a seemingly fair, but still unfair way of dividing council seats? IntroductionI'm creating humongous city in a renaissance-esque fantasy setting. This city is governed by a council/senate with 51 seats. Division of these seats is based on ownership of stocks in 5 different merchant guilds in the city. QuestionHow would one design a division algorithm that gives the illusion of a fair allocation of seats/stock, but is ultimately unfair in that it grants more seats to the super-rich and none/very few to the not-so-rich.NotesOne person can hold many seats...but never a majority of them, unless they own ALL stocks.Each merchant guild has exactly 1000 stocks, which means 5000 stocks in total.Only stocks are divided by merchant guild. The seats does not necessarily go to specific guild stocks.One can own stocks from multiple guilds. Anyone can buy stocksOwning a few stocks does not guarantee a seat (obviously)It should be possible to mathematically figure out the system, but complex enough that most people can't do it.This is a ridiculously unfair system as it literally states that you need lots of money to be allowed influence over the government.Seats are not voted on by the stock-holders. You either have enough to get a seat or you don't. Answers from comment questionsSeats can not be empty. All seats are divided among the stock-holders and you cannot decline a seat, when you're given one. 
Would there be any need for a space battle? In space fantasy movies, you see huge space-battleships, like Star Wars. You have to think of stuff like that.These battleships:Fight at a close rangeMostly laser gunsHave smaller fighter spacecraftFight in orbit of planetsNow my questions are:Why would they fight like thisWhy would they fight in spaceHow would they evolve to fight like this.The big question is (as in the comments), Will space battles ever be like this?This might be a very broad question, i'm trying to phrase my question right.
A Planet Where The Four Seasons Occur Multiple Times In One Year? Earthlings,I live on a world where most places on my planet has four seasons, just like yours does. We also have one sun and one moon, presumably. It's been not even a year since I came of age (20), and we've gone through the four seasons about a dozen times. I repeat, it has not yet been a year.The people on my planet are very similar to humans on your world, and a side-by-side comparison would show this. Our animals are much like yours also, with minor exceptions that aren't really relevant. The only difference between us and your people is that we're much more resilient to the elements, blunt force trauma, and so forth. Several times each, I've survived electrocution, being blasted in the face by fire, and falling off a tall building where I fell at least 5 stories, probably more (usually being caught by something before hitting the ground, but not in a way that would make the impact much safer) and suffered minor injuries at most from each of these. So if the reason means the conditions of our world are somewhat less hospitable compared to yours, that should still be fine, as long as our world isn't a hellscape. (Our world is actually quite pretty with rainforests, cities, crystal clear oceans, fields, and so forth.)That said, we have holidays like you do. We have Christmas every winter (not once a year, but every winter,) and Halloween every autumn. Our birthdays, however, are only once a year, just as yours are.I've always found this strange, though. With one sun and moon, it makes little sense that we'd have the four seasons multiple times. From my understanding, the four seasons should still only happen once... right? Is there an explanation for how this could occur naturally? If not, what about unnaturally? Could this be caused by a specific tilt to the axis?EDIT: Some supplementary information. We are a globe planet, technically an oblate spheroid, like Earth. Not a flat world like Discworld, nor are we other abnormal shapes. Also, I'd like the answer to make sense through science, without the need of \"magic\" as an answer.Additionally, we define our seasons astronomically, I presume, but I'm no scientist. I just know how the patterns change and how we celebrate holidays. We don't consider just any moment we get snow to be winter, but there are periods of the year where snow is much more likely which we refer to as \"winter\but that isn't to say snow in the other seasons is impossible, just less likely.
Can I have a glacier on a tidally-locked shallow-sea planet? I have a planet that is tidally locked to its sun. The ocean is shallow (a few hundred meters) and was artificially created in the past by harvesting the system's Oort cloud or outer-system ice asteroids (machines that autonomously operated over centuries to re-direct ice bodies at the planet) \u2013 a terraforming process I'll call \"ice bombardment\".Backstory: This world was created for a utility purpose (1 of hundreds), and over the centuries has been abandoned (political or economic powers have long-since shifted). The pretext is that large interstellar ships were sea-vessels, as opposed to \"parking\" in orbit. It is not hard sci-fi, but the biggest \"handwavium\" in the story is economics (the Great Wall and the Pyramids were built even though the economics don't make sense). None of this backstory will be discussed.I realize a tidally locked planet will have a low magnetic field (if any), and this ocean will eventually evaporate. I need water covering the planet, except for a glacier on the \"north\" pole. The glacier is large enough that its weight has uplifted a scattered ring of small islands.Is a glacier possible on a tidally-locked, shallow-sea planet? What kind of atmosphere/weather conditions would the planet allow on the sunny side? I have researched tidally-locked, ice, shallow-sea, and \"eyeball\" planets, but I'm not sure I can have mostly ocean and a glacier too (it seems logical to me but I'd rather be sure).Bonus question: could I allow for bio-engineered oxygenation? I don't want a perfect atmosphere, it is intended to be an artificial world in decline.
Fantastic nervous systems and what powers them Nearly all living creatures on this planet have one form or another of a nervous system that transmits sensory data to the creature's brain.What's really interesting to me is that this data is transmitted with electronic signals. So, my question is if our bodies use electricity to power our nervous systems, then do we naturally generate electricity?It would be fascinating if I could understand how we naturally harness this power. I can only imagine what leaps our species could make with bioelectric power generators and circuitry.
The pros and cons of thermokinesis I am currently working on a magic system that involves Thermokinesis, which is the ability to manipulate temperature. This power involves controlling the rate of movement of molecules, which is involved in the definition of thermal energy. This means the user could manipulate the wind, the density of water and to some extent, the earth.The question is can the human body withstand instantaneous temperature changes, if for example you wished to become extremely dense to withstand a punch to the face, or gut? What are the potential consequences of withstanding kinetic blows?
Aliens performing successful medical procedure on humans at first contact? So, humans have finally figured out how to build a solar-system crossing ship. On the way to the first exo-planet to be colonized, an accident happens, and a few people wind up floating through space, injured. Aliens find the person(s) individually let\u2019s call each person X. X is still alive, and there are no problems relating to nutrition via another bit I don\u2019t have time to explain. Would the aliens be able to fix X\u2019s injuries?What if X was a child? Or a woman on her period?for the purposes of this question my aliens are humanoid and carbon-based.X is familiar with the procedure for first contact, and can successfully initiate it.The aliens want to help X.there are no human remains accessible.aliens are humanoid only in that they are bipedal, have two genders, have four limbs, and hair on their heads. They do not however have hair anywhere else, would this lead to confusion?the people are basically loose in spacesuits.
Scientific/biological basis of someone with unlimited willpower? Meet Greg. Greg was born with pretty average genetics. It seems like he was destined to have average intelligence, average strength, and be average at everything. There was one particularly though: he has unlimited willpower.Willpower is the ability to resist short-term temptations in order to meet long-term goals. Having unlimited amounts of it, Greg can, for example, withstand any amount of torture (although he will still suffer trauma), exercise until his body collapses of exhaustion, refrain from eating until he faints, or even hold his breath until he passes out (actually, holding your breath before you pass out may be prevented by subconscious mechanisms, so nevermind), if he so chooses.Of course, these are just the most extreme though not very useful examples of his powers. More practicality, he can break any bad habit or begin any good habit by just deciding to do so. He is immune to addiction. He can do something boring for any amount of time he chooses, such as learning about something he's not particularly interested in, exercise for any amount of time he chooses (if physically able), follow any code of conduct to the best of his physical ability, etc...This of course allows him to be a superhero/supervillain (depending on his goals) similar to batman. He would likely be super intelligent, super fit and strong, have lots of skills including leadership, etc..., since these would likely help him advance his long term goals.My question is, what is the most plausible way Greg could exist? It could be either natural or artificial.I think the most plausible answer is some sort of medication that completely suppresses one's desire to complete short term goals instead of long term goals. Another possibility would be that Greg was born with some brain deformity to the same effect. This has the interesting side effect that when Greg takes the medication/when he is born, he may completely disregard things like food or water (which would obviously be life-threatening) until he figures out that he needs to \"will\" himself into eating, drinking, sleeping, and going to the bathroom, since he no longer is compelled to.P.S. If you use Greg in a story, he could very easily become a Mary Sue. To mitigate this, some possible weaknesses would be stubbornness, odd beliefs or delusions, or obsessions (such as revenge). Of course Greg could get rid of these weaknesses if he wanted to, but the idea is that he probably wouldn't. Another weakness is that if you someone how suppress his superpower (for example, by cutting off his medication), he gets extreme avolition.
Earth-elemental gods who wielded a hammer The world I'm crafting is an extension of human mythology and I am drawing a blank on mythological gods who wielded a hammer and represented the earth element. And if possible the water element. I have Thor for wind and Vulcan for Fire, but totally blank on possibilities for Earth. Help would be appreciated, please find mythological references for hammer wielding gods who either are or could be associated with those elements. EDIT: preferably craft oriented. The Sucellus answer is pretty good though I did not expect agrarian wine gods to carry mallets (I guess it helps with the mashing). The ultimate idea is that this is like a divine forge for weapons, armor, and other equipment.  
How to break down consciousness/soul from an alchemical perspective I am trying to describe consciousness from a magic elementalist perspective.  I've dug through a ridiculous amount of pages of occult alchemical lore without success. My goal is to learn if students and/or practitioners described the human soul/consciousness with respect to elemental energies. My world has many tie-ins to the occult and alchemical genres, and so I am trying to define the soul with respect to them.  My question is: in the logic of alchemical practice, what reasonably associates/describes human decision making concepts with elemental attributes?Clarification: I am looking for some existing thought(references) that attempts to roadmap this out. 
Strip Mining Deimos, is it worth it? In Warlords Mars was once home to a thriving mining business, until Prometheus cracked open Deimos that is. Now the mines have either been closed or have scaled down dramatically leading to mass layoffs or transition of miners from surface to space.But I've run into a problem with this scenario: is Deimos even worth strip mining? In my mind it's in a good position being close to mars, but also being able to export of import from the belt or the inner planets with ease. It would also have a pool of workers it can use locally sourced (well martian)From basic research I've figured out Deimos is either a C or D type asteroid, but past that I have no idea if anything is worth mining Deimos for.Note: Prometheus is a mega corporation focused on mining, refining, and exporting ores to and from the inner planets as well as the colonial and ship building industries.Phobos is already a colonial hub so completely mining it would be a mess of paper work, relocations and compensation.
What gas can I use to incapacitate pesky heroes? Supposing I have a room currently occupied by Jedi Knights, or some other force that I can't defeat with battle droids and brute strength. I wish to incapacitate the occupants of this room with a gas, which I will pump in using the HVAC system.I wish to capture the intruders alive, for torment purposes. What gas can I use that will quickly incapacitate the Jedi, but that also takes the longest to kill them?For example, if I pump VX gas into the room, the occupants with be quickly incapacitated, and killed. I wish them to pass out unconscious quickly, but still leave me a few minutes to revive them (once safely restrained) before they die. 
A game to outplay Death? Sometimes, when someone dies with things left undone, Death will be willing to play a game for the opportunity to come back to life.However, there are several reasons why you'd expect not to be able to win:Death is too competitive to let anyone win.In a game of chance, the dice (or equivalent) fall how Death allows them to.Death has lived thousands of years and played thousands of players.If there are unequal roles in the game, Death must be allowed to choose beforehand which he would like to be. (White in Chess, Dealer in card game, etc.)There can be no new information from the world of the living in Death's domain.Death would probably be among the brightest minds to have ever lived, if he ever lived.Though Death allows the visitor to choose the game, he will reject games at his own discretion.Death must first understand the rules of the game before he will play that game.In the space of a minute, Death can experience a thousand minutes.Physically, there are no hard limits on Death's strength, speed, or form.Death has a better poker face than anyone alive. And he's quite good at recognizing tics.The maximum number of opponents he will face in the same game at once is one.Death will be the arbiter of any competition, if there is one.I will accept an 'answer' to this question if the victim can have at least a 35% chance of beating the Death, assuming Death is true to form.
Almost realistic way to beat entropy Entropy will eventually mean that the universe will have send all its energy outwards in the form of light and other radiation, leaving the remaining matter in the universe cold and inert.I'm trying to find ways that are as realistic as possible to beat entropy, mostly by looking at things that cannot be proven yet. Currently I have just one idea how to prevent entropy: Black holes and hawking radiation.Black holes evaporate by hawking radiation. As far as I know this radiation happens due to quantum effects which cause particles to pop into existance. To preserve the laws of thermodynamics and not create more energy this particle pops into existence with an anti-particle to balance the energy, but they pop in so close to eachother they immediately annihilate eachother from existance.When this happens at the edge of a Black hole one of the particle/antiparticle group can be inside the event horizon (schwarzschild radius) and the other just outside. This prevents the particles from annihilating eachother. When the particle pops in just outside the event horizon and it can leave the pull of the Black hole it flies off as hawking radiation while the antiparticle annihilates a particle inside the Black hole causing it to lose mass or \"evaporate\" particle by particle.Now you cant create more energy in the universe with this method as the energy of each particle added is countered by the negative energy of the antiparticle, but perhaps you could use antiparticle entropy. Imagine an antiparticle being send out as hawking radiation. The Black hole will gain one extra particle in mass and energy and the antiparticle will fly off into the universe to annihilate another particle instead. But if the antiparticle flies off towards the edge of the universe and doesnt hit anything you've essentially \"created\" more energy to use without disturbing the real balance of the universe.The premise: you find a way to manipulate how antiparticles and particles pop in (with a potential to run in an alternative of Maxwells Demon). If you can manipulate one end of the Black hole to emit more antiparticles and aim this end at the edge of the universe your Black hole will grow in mass and thus energy. The hawking radiation it outputs \"normally\" can be collected and converted into energy and materials and since on one end the Black hole generates more mass it would keep doing this forever. The higher your control the more energy and mass you can create, with bonus points for being able to increase/decrease the amount of pop-ins across the surface area and the ability to have another part of the Black hole emit primarily particles to be collected and used.The amount of energy and mass created depends on the size of the Black hole. Larger Black holes have comparatively less energy creation compared to a small Black hole. A Black hole weighing several tons will already release enough energy of several thousand atomic bombs in less then a second and then be evaporated. If you can keep it the same mass but still gather the energy without losing it you can power just about anything.Besides \"manipulate quantum pop-in and facing of the particles\is there a problem with this idea?Are there better idea's to solve entropy with a potentially plausible method? These idea's will be rated on:potential for being a realistic solution.potential energy createdpotential to keep mass and energy from escaping an area to hold back entropy in a local area.scale. Black holes might make a lot of energy but require some larger scale equipment to function than a bunch of tireless hamsters.Ease of use. You usually dont carry a black hole in your pocket.Edit: this question is not about surviving entropy but preventing it. The answers in the \"duplucate\" have only one solution mentioned that truly generates matter and energy in an attempt to stop entropy and thats by snagging suns from an alternate universe.
How big of a fire do I need to create a hurricane? So I know that Fire Tornadoes are a thing, however would you be able to create a hurricane using the firebending powers from the TV series Avatar the Last Airbender?For those of you who are unfamiliar with the Avatar Series, Firebending is basically pyromancy. Offensive moves like punches and kicks generate blasts/balls of fire. These fires can also be maintained and controlled by the firebender and an associated set of martial arts related moves.So I'm wondering if it would be possible for an army of firebenders to create a hurricane the size of Katrina, by creating many large fires, generating pillars of hot rising air which then cools, While more cold air is sucked in by the displaced hot air, eventually forming into a hurricane. How large or how much area would the fire need to cover?*I'm not sure if this part matters, but the firebenders will be at the north pole and so the weather conditions can be raining, snowing or huge rain clouds but not raining yet.Updates: I just wanted to add some updates/adjustments to clarify what I've mentioned in comments and provide more background informationIn the world of avatar, the direct manipulation of elements is often very hand wavy and focuses more on believable than physically possible (like where do they get all the energy). However the indirect manipulation of elements follows the laws of physics. So an Airbender could lift a rock by generating a large enough gust of wind and controlling the  wind around the rock, or shoot a rock by forcing air to rush through a narrow tube with the rock in it, however they can't lift the rock by creating a cushion of air around it.Firebenders are immune to fire (not in line with the avatar world, but allows them not to fry their friend next to them)The North Pole is the home of the Northern Water Tribe. They live in a city made of Ice (since they are water benders).
Anatomically correct succubus part 2: the diet Instead of the whole egg laying parasitic vagina concept, which was the leading idea in the original question.Assuming the succubus is purely the whole woman like creature.Can she gain enough sustenance from sex?And how can that acquisition of sustenance  (sex) cause a man to incrementally go insane?Answers need to reconcile body mass with caloric intake based on plausible metabolic rates.To be clear, this is specifically looking at how this one particular aspect of the succubi could be explained, rather than allowing the whole egg laying concept and looking at the big picture.
Would structural colouring work for making hair green, blue and or grey? Today I was thinking about how to make an elf who naturally grows blue hair. Thinking about this I came up with the idea of coloring the hair using microscopic eyes like with blue, green and gray eyes for normal people. I am wondering what would be required for this to work and what would be required to make darker shades, and the color purple, in elven hair. Now the fact that they are elves isn't very important; their biology is actually fairly similar except for in some places, so you can pretend their basically human for now.
Is it possible to survive just by absorbing food and water through your skin? Part 1 The outer layer of skin of a human is called the epidermis. It is supposed to be waterproof, however:Using any current science and substances, would it be possible for humans to survive for two months purely by absorbing substances through the epidermis? The skin must not be pierced or otherwise physically damaged. (Prune skin does not count as damage)There is no limit to how many hours  per day it takes. The subjects lie completely submerged in a bath of nutrients with breathing apparatus. They can get in and out but must not use any other source of food or water.ClarificationThe subjects are ordinary humans who are concerned about ageing. They have volunteered for an experiment. The crazy scientist has convinced them that if they stay there for two months (sedated to avoid claustrophobia but with VR glasses for entertainment) they will regain their youth. Assuming they can stand the discomfort, will they make it out alive or will they die or have to be rescued?
Weather in a 5 mile deep crater I\u2019ve done a fair bit of research to come up with this scenario. I hope it\u2019s not \u201ctoo broad\u201d to ask for a reality check. Have I overlooked anything? Does it all sound plausible?My world takes place in a massive crater, the only habitable place left on the planet. It is roughly 800 x 600 miles and 5 miles deep. At the bottom it is 1.2 atm in pressure, while the surface is at 0.5 atm.Due to the extreme \u201caltitude\u201d conditions the surface of the planet is cold (would it really be though?) windy, and home to extremophile bacteria mats/mounds, and possibly lichens/moss. The wind here is extremely fast because there\u2019s not much to slow it down.The sides of the crater are gently sloping downwards, and the wind follows it down. The bacterial mats slowly give way to montane grassland and meadows. Early morning dew from the cold winds is the source of water here. Small gnarled trees grow slowly and are warped by the wind. Meadows are nearby springs, where ancient aquifers were fractured during the meteor impact.Next comes the treeline and the coniferous forests with fern undergrowth. The wind is slowed by both the trees and its compression at -12,000 feet into the crater. Rain occasionally falls here if the conditions are right. Overall the precipitation is mostly occult. This area has sizable lakes from other meteor impacts which are filled by fractured aquifers and streams from up the crater.Eventually the heat of the Earth warms the cool air and we reach temperate deciduous forests. Winds are breezy here and carry precipitation from higher up the crater. Evening showers are relatively common. Streams have become rivers by this point. The forests reach all the way to sea level, except where humans have cleared them away for agriculture. A massive sea covers much of the bottom of the crater, and fortunately it has reached an equilibrium between evaporation and being filled from the aquifers. In the sea are a series of islands from the complex crater. These islands experience hot moist air, daily rain, and are temperate rainforests. It is here, finally, that the air rises up in a massive updraft. The hot air rises, disperses, and mixes with the atmosphere. Some water vapor finds its way back into the crater, but much more leaves.I know it\u2019s a big task, but does this all sound plausible? Is there anything I\u2019ve missed or greatly overlooked?
Greenhouse Planet Terraforming - Will a balloon jacket self-stabilise? Most of what follows is scientifically dubious. I'm looking to clarify one aspect and one aspect alone.A small planet is being terraformed by an alien race who have been doing this for millennia. They proceed by wrapping the planetoid at ground level in non-permeable, initially flexible, transparent, indestructible unobtainium.Then they inflate the balloon using gases they have brought with them in liquid form. The resulting balloon has a diameter approximately a mile more than the diameter of the planetoid. This is their standard method. They always choose small planetoids and make the balloon the same height above the ground. The balloon is pressurised and the density of the unobtainium is more than that of the atmosphere it surrounds. The pressure is such that the surface of the balloon becomes very taut like that of a rubber balloon about to burst.Their purpose is to farm the entire surface of the planetoid. EDIT - To make farming easier they flatten any significant mountains then grind the resultant debris into topsoil and fertilise it with chemicals they bring along.The planetoid does not have any substantial satellites - only small alien-made ones. It is circling around a Sol-like star at a Mars-like distance.Question Given the conditions above, will the balloon remain concentric with the planet or will it tend to brush the ground at times?My belief is that it will self-stabilise because atmospheric gradient*  will ensure greater pressure at lower altitudes and so push the balloon away if it drifts too close to the ground. I also believe that it will end up spinning in the same direction as the planet and thus perhaps be flattened somewhat at the poles.Am I right that it will self-stabilise or do the aliens have to have some extra mechanism to keep it from touching the surface? Might the solar wind be a destabilising factor? Would increasing the height above the ground provide a more significant pressure gradient? If it isn't self-stabilising then suggestions for a minimal change to the system to make it stable would be appreciated.*I've edited edited 'pressure' to 'gradient'. Apologies, it was a slip of the fingers. I did mention gradient later.ReminderThe balloon is made from non-permeable, initially flexible, transparent, indestructible unobtainium.
Earth Time Periods: Choosing for a hidden lair in time You are a former nuclear scientist who has researched in the field of fusion, who is in possession of a device that once activated will create a two-way portal into any time period on Earth.The time-portal is created based on the relative position to Earth and does not require adjusting the position in relation to space.Once the initial portal is created you can not change its location or its position in time; you may only turn it off or on (from both sides).You can both go backward to the formation of the earth, or go forward until the destruction of the earth by the sun.In four months you are going to be framed for the crime of stealing the device from the government, and authorities are going to be looking for you.  For this reason, you are planning to escape to another time period of your choice; Where you will build a lair and may live for a relatively large amount of time.  You will have to live there comfortably without needing to contact any civilization.You have two weeks to decide on a period and the resources that you'll need. After that, you will collect any number of essential &amp; survival items, plus construction resources to build a lair. In four months, you'll move there before shutting down the time-portal device for good.Additionally, you will bring most of your work through the portal with you with the intention of continuing to work on projects.You have no crew to help you in any part of your plan.  You can not bring infinite resources, so you have to choose wisely on any means to provide for your future needs.  You have extended knowledge on how to build stuff and grow food, but basic skill set (e.g. don't know how to hunt).What time period will you be choosing? What will you take with yourself?Consider the following:Basic needs such as food and water, clothingConstruction items (such as resources, tools, machines, etc) and any means to form a home and your labMeans of producing energy to power your lair or any vehicles you might useEquipment such as surveillance, communication, a toolboxElectronics such as computers (laptop, mobile phone, mp3 player, servers, switches, routers)Any sort of entertainment or education (books, movies, etc)Security and defense (other civilizations might threaten you, there are always natural threats and disasters, and a carnivorous dinosaur could always eat you if you end up in prehistoric times without any through thoughgt plans.)Medical care (how do you plan to treat potential injuries, infections (e.g. bacterial, viral) and treat rare or unknown diseases to your time.)Language barriers (You are a native modern English speaker, and you know only a handful of other languages, such as Mandrian.  Your French pronunciation is painfully terrible, but you can maintain a conversation.)Plans to find/collect/buy resources.  If you are moving to a human populated era, you should have some sorts of income. Otherwise, you should have plans to hunt and/or farm food, find fuel and other valuable resources.P.S. I'd like to have some electricity in order to run my laptop and the servers that I'm bringing with myself.  I'm also worried for protection against any harm to my equipment and resources.Thanks for bringing up some good points! Here are some more explanation to the character and the portal device.Edits in regards to the portal mechanismThere are no lairs built by our character yet. You have in total four months to either start construction on a liar, use a naturally occurring confined space (such as caves) or any kind of abandoned human creations (such as buildings, bunkers, mines, etc)The only thing our character has (other than the resources he or she picks) is a device which creates a portal to a fixed time and a fixed place relative to Earth.  Accept that the portal can spontaneously open to any time ranged in the above requirements, and any place on the planet Earth.  (e.g. if one side of the portal is opened in the Devonian period (389.7 million years ago), you need to factor the atmosphere difference.  If the portal is opened in the ocean, you'll have to come up with a way to deal with immense water pressure.)Once any side of the portal is opened, you can not change the time period of that side.  You may slightly change the physical position by moving the device in small distances.  Also, the physical location of the portals are linked together (e.g. You move one side, the other side moves in relative to the first side).The character can place the portal in any time and place of their choice.  They only restriction is that they may not change the time after it's opened, and they'll have limitations in moving the physical location of the portal. (See 3.)  They can, however, form the lair around the portal, or move the portal to a constructed (or a discovered) lair of their choice.As to \"what's to stop the government from finding the portal and going after him?\assume that the government will eventually find OR currently know the physical location of their time side of the portal;  however, they don't know the time of the other side which it will open to, and furthermore are unable to open the portal once it has been closed.  Only our character is in possession of the off/on switch to the portal.Edits in regards to the characterOur character is feeling adventurous and is open to absolutely any kind of time which is or could be made habitable.Human interaction is not a plus as our character has an high-functioning introvert anti-social personality.
Standardized building materials across a Roman style empire I am working on an empire that exists in my world.  I want to know if it makes sense for said empire to standardize the materials they use for construction across the empire.In the heart of the empire important buildings are constructed using a particular local granite and the roofs are made of slate.  The remainder of the buildings are a wooden timber frame, floors are made of both granite and ceramic mosaics.  Details:Roman-esqe empire, similar in size and technologyThe furthest provinces are roughly 800 miles (strait line) away from the capital, travel miles would be further.Some provinces are on islands and others are accessible by land but it is impractical to ship large amounts of goods (mountains, distance, etc) to themTemples and major civic buildings would be made from these particular materialsFor the purpose of this question there is no limit to the quantities of the materialsThe timber frame can be made from any functionally appropriate wood and the ceramics can be made anywhereI want to know:Are there historic examples of a nation/empire standardizing with these types of materials for use in important buildings?Was it done only in parts of the empire or were there locations that could not be supported?What methods of transport were used to get the items to the building sites?
The Heisenberg Uncertainty Ray - A Hyper-Scanning Doomsday Weapon From what I know about the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, one of its consequences is that when you learn a great deal about the position of a particle, you greatly increase the uncertainty of the particle's momentum. This got me thinking about a super-accurate scanner that will measure the positions of all the particles in an object (for example a building) to an extremely high degree of certainty. This would cause the momentum of all of these particles to become extremely uncertain. I am not sure where the energy would come from for this, but if the numbers are extreme enough, most of the particles should have extremely high momentums in random directions, causing the object to be obliterated.Is my understating of the uncertainty principle horribly flawed, or does this have enough reasonableness for a science-fiction super villain weapon?
What are the elements required for an enclosed prison-city? I'm aware that variants of this question have been discussed before (such as \"how to build a self-sustaining medieval city?\"), but my question comes at the problem from a slightly different angle. Imagine that you are tasked with taking around 10,000 people, and imprisoning them within an enclosed city-space, from which they cannot get out, and nothing can come in (how that is to be accomplished is not relevant to the question). In other words, the isolation of the city is absolute, and after you've done your job once, even you can't intervene any further. The only condition is that the people or their descendants should not die out - i.e., the enclosed city must be able to sustain itself at a basic level, and for a couple of thousand years. You belong to a rather high-technology civilisation set in the distant future, and so you have a near-God-like freedom in designing the elements of the city - the location (for weather and climate), the soil, availability of water etc. You cannot build anything specific for these people - all of that they are meant to do for themselves. The people in question are, at present, at the same technological level as you, but there is an expectation that forced isolation will, over generations, lead to a sharp regression. I've studied the previous discussions on similar topics, and I have a pretty good idea of the ratio of farmland to population (and other similar considerations) when it comes to the question of food. What I'm specifically concerned about is (a) designing a sewage system, (b) sources of clothing, and (c) the disposal of dead bodies. Any suggestions on those counts - and of course, any element I'm missing out in ensuring that the city survives - would be most welcome.Edit: A few clarifications in response to the questions below. By \"enclosed\I am only referring to a physical enclosure - say, by an impenetrable wall, or, as someone suggested below, a force-field. Sunlight etc, in the normal way, is all available.One exception to the \"enclosed\" rule is the existence of a river, that runs through the city, and passes underground (and ultimately beyond the barrier between the city and the rest of the world). The source of the river is not known (to the inhabitants), and the dominant explanation for its existence is (obviously) a religious one.      
Apparel for a time traveler Some context:You are traveling to somewhere temperate (55-85 Fahrenheit )in the past, at some random time, post 1000 BC, pre 1800 AD.You do not know where, save that it is in Europe, or a similar area culturally. You will not have language problems.You can only have one outfit, but you can bring accessory pieces to modify things. The goal is to attract as little attention as possible.Requirements:Should not instantly appear as high class (No blue silk or purple lace, etc.)May appear foreignShould be practical for daily activitiesShould cover a full outfit, not just a few components.Should provide solutions for both men and women.
Asteroid material that can cause signal distortion I'm making a hard-ish sci-fi universe where humans colonized nearby star systems and found not one but two civilizations in Alpha Centauri, each at home on a planet orbiting one of the two main stars. These aliens are slightly less advanced than humans. Both species have fusion powered spaceships that can cross distances between planets in a fairly short time (think Epstein drive from The Expanse) and communicate using radio. Year is 3620.Meeting these aliens caught humans completely by surprise and my question is - is there a material that can distort signals so they don't get recognized by SETI but is also transparent (as we can see the Alpha Centauri system)?Idea is that there is a gas/rock/ice/debris/whatever field between us and Alpha Centauri that could distort any signals that would give away the civilization, like radio, but letting visible, IR ... pass through. How could this be?
In a future where there is no Internet allowed, how might people communicate via texting? Let's imagine a closed-system (let's say \"City under a dome\" controlled by benevolent corporate overlords) where there's no Internet because it's not allowed.  The infrastructure exists, there are satellites out there, but they're tightly controlled so that no Internet is able to form inside said dome. Now let's allow for there to be a population that lives outside the dome with limited access to resources. They can't control the satellites or make use of existing infrastructure (except perhaps by bootlegging or hacking their way in). What infrastructure would be necessary for them to have rudimentary devices like cell phones that allow strictly for texting between members of the same network?EDIT: To be clear, I understand that satellites are not used in cellphone communications and that the Internet is unrelated to communications of this kind; I just needed to specifically rule it out as an option in coming up with some way to communicate between devices. So if repurposing existing towers that may have once be used for cell phone communications is sufficient, that's helpful to know; in what I'm writing, the people who live in this area outside the \"dome\" (it's not a dome, just using this verbiage for illustrative purposes) use messenger devices like pagers to text to each other, so I just wanted some speculation on what technology they might be using. My question is not ridiculous, so please be civil in your speculations. For example, a couple suggestions were ham radios or pagers, using bluetooth, or optics/lasers. These are the kind of answers I was looking for.
How to prevent electronic advancement beyond the early cold war era? Here are what I wants in my world:Early generation of computer with a bulky size and very limited capability, like the text-based computer in Fallout universe.Limited guidance and detection system. Missiles do exist but the range is very limited and could be avoided with countermeasures or even by a skilled pilot. Radar &amp; sensor exist, but like above, the range is limited and might show a false alarm.Early generation of jet engines that are slow enough for the fighter pilots to occasionally engages in machine gun dogfight.Colored television exist. So does the handheld transceiver.BONUS: No atomic bombs and no space exploration.The problem is I want the electronic devices in this world to stay in early cold war era for as long as possible. Let's say, it need a thousand years or more to discover smartphone, or even better: NEVER.Since magic does exist in this world, I had been thinking about making the people in this world (or even the world itself) to emits Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) that would fry any electronics that use transistor but not the other one that use vacuum tube so they'll only have the \"classic\" electronics.Does the EMP really works that way? Does the absent of transistor really matter for a world to move forward the era? Or actually the vacuum tube is enough to recreate the world we currently living in? Do you have more plausible solution to this problem?EDIT: Even though I'd used the \"cold war era\" term in here, it doesn't have to be about the alternative reality where the conflict between \"USA vs Soviet\" happen, instead, I mean it to be simply a technological era in the middle 20th century. Think about it like medieval era; This era can be related to the alternative reality universe like Assassin's Creed or a fantasy universe like Lord of the Ring.
How to make female breast armor viable? It is known that armor with accentuated design for breast is a bad choice in an actual confrontation. What can be changed to make \"breast armor\" more effective? Like materials(fictional or not), design(without changing the \"breast room\" completely).My character lives in a medieval world, and is a female knight, she is looking for marriage and is trying to look more attractive for potential candidates without losing too much protection.EDIT:Thanks for all the answers, they helped a lot, first let me clarify some things, the objective of the question is not to create a sexist character to appeal for male fantasia, I am trying to avoid it, changing the character to meet the beauty criteria of the time is not a good idea, she is looking for in the world \u00e9l\u00e9ments to make herself more appealing, putting breast on armor might not be effective form of male attraction for the time(and probably will not) and will have in world consequences, physically and morally, with which some of the answers here have also helped a lot.
Why is my Dark World so dark? My hero has to journey into a mirror world. This world is much like our own except evil. Almost everything there is an enemy and there will be very little kindness. On top of that the world is visibly DARK.It isn't just a metaphor and the sun hasn't gone away. It isn't just cloudy/stormy all the time. Somehow in this other world the light is just less shiny. Colors are dimmer. Shades are more monochrome and grey. What could be causing this?  What are some of the hidden ramifications of this?It is reached through a breach made by magic. It's a mirror world or another dimension but otherwise almost exactly like our earth. Trees are shaped the same and behave the same way. People are people shaped, just meaner. Temperatures are comparable. There may be some anachronisms but not many. Possibly in the form of demons or fantastical beasts. Houses will mostly be in the same places, except where The Big Bad Evil Guy lives. Changes to one world should not necessarily effect the other, but they can if it benefits the answer or the logic behind the answer.Criteria:Although these worlds have magic the less that it is used for theanswer the better.Preferably it can be reverted at the end of the story.Bonus Points: If it is something the Big Bad Evil Guy made happen.
Why is my Dark World so dark? My hero has to journey into a mirror world. This world is much like our own except evil. Almost everything there is an enemy and there will be very little kindness. On top of that the world is visibly DARK.It isn't just a metaphor and the sun hasn't gone away. It isn't just cloudy/stormy all the time. Somehow in this other world the light is just less shiny. Colors are dimmer. Shades are more monochrome and grey. What could be causing this?  What are some of the hidden ramifications of this?It is reached through a breach made by magic. It's a mirror world or another dimension but otherwise almost exactly like our earth. Trees are shaped the same and behave the same way. People are people shaped, just meaner. Temperatures are comparable. There may be some anachronisms but not many. Possibly in the form of demons or fantastical beasts. Houses will mostly be in the same places, except where The Big Bad Evil Guy lives. Changes to one world should not necessarily effect the other, but they can if it benefits the answer or the logic behind the answer.Criteria:Although these worlds have magic the less that it is used for theanswer the better.Preferably it can be reverted at the end of the story.Bonus Points: If it is something the Big Bad Evil Guy made happen.
Feasibility of an endothermic gun I had the idea of a \"void weapon\which would \"generate cold\" rather than heat on triggering. All the air from the chamber would be sucked out (thus \"creating cold\") and on firing, it would open the chamber: the difference of pressure would push the bullet out. However I'm not sure it would be powerful enough or even feasible.I was wondering whether an endothermic weapon was possible. If so, how would it work ?Conditions are:Current technologyMust be endothermic: it can produce energy, but when shooting, the total sum of produced and removed energy must be negative. Energy stored in the bullet, if any, doesn't count: else that wouldn't make sense I guess.The endothermic part of the gun is mandatory for it to work (don't stick an ice cube machine to an M16, or just put an icicle on a crossbow...).Endothermic part can be part of a cooling system, but if you can come up with something a little bit more original, it'll be better (though it's not forbidden)You can use the \"void weapon\" ideaCan be used and moved by just one person. Maximum size and weight: rocket launcher (with a backback)Doesn't need to be reloadable or have more than one \"shot\" (was gonna say \"bullet\but it can use something else, doesn't have to be a kinetic weapon).Can kill one person without bulletproof vestIt's an experimental weapon: it doesn't have to be mass produced (almost infinite budget for R&amp;D)Bonus point if the endothermic part is visible (frost on canon, cold steam pouring out, etc.)EDIT: after comments, removed hard-science: we just need approximate concepts.
Feasibility of an endothermic gun I had the idea of a \"void weapon\which would \"generate cold\" rather than heat on triggering. All the air from the chamber would be sucked out (thus \"creating cold\") and on firing, it would open the chamber: the difference of pressure would push the bullet out. However I'm not sure it would be powerful enough or even feasible.I was wondering whether an endothermic weapon was possible. If so, how would it work ?Conditions are:Current technologyMust be endothermic: it can produce energy, but when shooting, the total sum of produced and removed energy must be negative. Energy stored in the bullet, if any, doesn't count: else that wouldn't make sense I guess.The endothermic part of the gun is mandatory for it to work (don't stick an ice cube machine to an M16, or just put an icicle on a crossbow...).Endothermic part can be part of a cooling system, but if you can come up with something a little bit more original, it'll be better (though it's not forbidden)You can use the \"void weapon\" ideaCan be used and moved by just one person. Maximum size and weight: rocket launcher (with a backback)Doesn't need to be reloadable or have more than one \"shot\" (was gonna say \"bullet\but it can use something else, doesn't have to be a kinetic weapon).Can kill one person without bulletproof vestIt's an experimental weapon: it doesn't have to be mass produced (almost infinite budget for R&amp;D)Bonus point if the endothermic part is visible (frost on canon, cold steam pouring out, etc.)EDIT: after comments, removed hard-science: we just need approximate concepts.
Planet Orbiting a Red Dwarf I'm trying to create my planet orbiting a red dwarf, honestly I've thought other scenarios but it's like every answer opens new questions. I'll just say what I want my planet to be and I'd like your help(please) to understand how it would work.I'm new with worldbuilding(started yesterday), so bear with my lack of knowledge, if you don't want to use your time answering, I'd like research sources too. I want the flora to be mainly black, so the sunlight has to be somewhat weaker, which would make the planet(or the habitable zone) fairly cold.The planet being tidally locked seems to be the common, and I don't mind, apparently the habitable zone would be the ring around the planet between the parts that do and don't face the star, but I don't know if such a thing is entirely possible, what are the complications the inhabitants of such a planet face?Apparently it doesn't have to be tidally locked, but I didn't understand how that works, apparently it would have to have some kind of moon orbiting around it?If you want to show off your knowledge and tell me how the sky would appear...I'll be impressed.If it needs something unlikely to happen for desired situations I don't mind either, the planet was somewhat \"made\" by \"gods\".Yes, sorry, I don't know much, whoever gives the time to answer, know that I'm grateful. 
Material for weapons and tools in a magnetic field What material for weapons and tools would a tribal/medieval society use if there was a magnetic field preventing the use of iron? The iron would be attracted by the ground, obviously. It can`t be used for arrows for example as they would not get to far.
Never-ending string kebab for a dystopian future For a Matrix-type future I want to feed people via solid food. This is to keep all their internal organs working properly.The idea is to feed them an endless kebab that is held together along its length with a string. They aren't aware of this as they are living in a fantasy simulated world.There is no need to chew the kebab as it is digestible as is.Waste is expelled in the normal way and happens autonomously although it may be arranged to coincide with bowel movements in the simulated world.The string supporting the kebab is continuously pulled at a slow rate through the digestive system to allow digestion to take place.QuestionWill the string that is threaded through the gut from mouth to anus actually be practicable or will it interfere with anything along the way? Are there any other drawbacks? Is there an easy way to balance the feed-through speed with the amount of nutrition per unit length of string?NoteThe string is on a never-ending loop so it is cleaned in disinfectant before it comes around again to the mouth once more coated in kebabulite.
How to Train Your Mimic (or, why would a Mimic be capable of domestication) I'm making a world where I want domesticated Mimics to be a thing.These Mimics are pretty similar to the original concept of D&amp;D Mimics: shapeshifters that imitate objects, and hunt by imitating something desirable to their prey, then attacking when the prey comes close using a sticky secretion and a bludgeoning pseudopod.The questions I have are as follows: Why would a creature with this kind of lifestyle be trainable, let alone domesticatable?How might one go about domesticating and training them?Animals that humans have domesticated tend to have similar characteristics: social, active, and preferably herbivorous (with a few exceptions).  Mimics are none of these.I want them to be roughly similar to dogs in intelligence: not civilized creatures, but smart enough to learn and sociable enough to train for various diverse purposes (the most obvious being as house guards, but can also make good pets, can be used by hunters as decoys, and can even help the disabled using the versatility a tentacled shapeshifter has to offer).  As with dogs, they come in various different breeds that vary in size and disposition.The exact details of their evolutionary progress aren't important (they can be presumed to have evolved from an already existing class of amorphous muscular blobs) but they are a natural creature that evolved in a natural environment, without magic or human involvement (\"wild\" Mimics usually imitate plants or dead animals to lure their prey).  As such, their intelligence and disposition should make sense for a creature with their lifestyle to have.(Interestingly, D&amp;D does have a precedent for the occasional friendly Mimic and even talking Mimics, though these are rarely used.  But this is more for gameplay reasons and isn't really explained in a plausible manner.)The main goal is to design a creature that, while functionally a traditional shapeshifting Mimic, also has a plausible survival-based reason for having a \"domestication-friendly\" brain despite its solitary, ambush-predator hunting strategy.Additional details about these Mimics:Mimics are obligate carnivores.  Like snakes and crocodiles, they prefer large single meals over regular small ones, at least in the wild.While they can change their topography, color, and texture, and are capable of \"locking\" their muscles into place to remain stationary for long periods of time without expending excess energy, they are basically muscular blobs and can't really maintain a convincing shape while in motion (though they are capable of \"jiggling\" a part of their body to attract prey, and can form basic shapes like tentacles).  They also can't change their mass, though some cleverer ones can change their apparent volume by expanding hollow spaces inside their bodies.They are not good at moving quickly (the fastest they run is about the speed of a brisk human walk, and they don't like to do this often) but they can lash out with a pseudopod extremely fast, and they can climb walls using a combination of shapeshifting and their sticky glue.  House Mimics can be trained not to \"slime\" but this is difficult.Wild Mimics rarely prey on humans (not enough opportunity for the risk, and not enough overlap between the items humans go for and those that more common prey go for).  Most \"chest Mimics\" are domesticated Mimics who have been specifically trained to guard a house by imitating an object that a thief is likely to go for.  Some notorious Mimics have been known to target humans though; as with other \"man-eating\" animals they are usually hunted down and killed.They can see using any part of their body, but their \"eyes\" must be dark and smooth for them to see effectively.  This makes it difficult for them to disguise themselves perfectly and see at the same time.Mimics are not born knowing how to shapeshift, nor can they imitate an object perfectly on sight: they learn through experience and observation (usually by extending an \"eye\" on a pseudopod to look at themselves).  The more a Mimic has practiced a particular form, the quicker it is able to take that shape and the more accurate the imitation will be.  Young Mimics can take a few hours taking on a new form; more experienced ones can adopt a shape in seconds.Mimics can pass the mirror test, and learn much faster when they have a mirror available.
Can a planet have a day that's always longer than night? This question has been rewritten to incorporate all clarifications.On Earth, half the planet is illuminated at any time (let's ignore eclipses). Axial tilt lets day lengths vary, but over the course of a year, every location is illuminated half the time.It's easy to make a planet where, over a year, everywhere is illuminated more than half the time. Use a binary star.But is there a naturally occurring, stable solar system that satisfies the more restrictive requirement that the planet is always more than half illuminated?In the general case, if it orbits one star of a binary, there will be a point in its orbit where the other star passes behind the one the planet orbits. If it orbits both stars, there will likewise be a point where all three are in a line. And note that, even if the planet's orbit is inclined relative to the plane containing the stars' orbits, a collinear situation is still possible... barring some resonance that prevents it.Constraints:Note that I'm only talking about solar system geometry. Cloud cover means you can't see the sun all the time (though light gets through). Atmospheric refraction and diffraction extend visible light onto the 'night' side; this gets extreme with a dense atmosphere like Venus. I know this, so I'm not asking for answers involving that. All solutions must work for a vacuum world. My purpose is to explore the geometry of solar systems.The planet must satisfy both of \"At any time, >50% of the surface is illuminated\" and \"At any location, illuminated >50% of the year.\" Approximate scale of the effect: Let's say that \"more than half\" means at least 195/360 of the surface (IE, an extra hour in an Earth day). It must also be light providing meaningful illumination, not just technically visible. Let's say that said area is illuminated to a level at least 1/40 of (should it be \"the brightest illumination it receives\" or \"the brightest illumination Earth receives\"?). Before asking this question, I thought of a Trojan planet of a binary star. I then saw a figure of a minimum mass ratio of 25 for two bodies to generate stable L4/L5 points. With stars, luminosity is roughly proportional to mass to the 3.5 power. This means one star must be at least 78000 times brighter than the other, and the planet is equidistant from them. Given that full moonlight on Earth is about 1/400000 of full sunlight, this is hardly better, nowhere near enough to count as \"day\". That's why I asked the question.
Chemical process for a radiosynthetic Ganymedian organism? I'm trying to build an underwater ecosystem under the ice crust of Ganymede. I know Jupiter emits a large amount of ionizing radiation and synchotrons and thought that would maybe be able to replace sunlight in this ecosystem. My idea is some sort of large organism that would burrow into the ice with root like tendrils to absorb the radiation and basically fit the ecological niche of trees. I've also read about radiotropic melanized fungi that are thought to use melanin to drop the wavelength of some high energy radiation to a usable level.So my question isCould these organisms use melanin to absorb a portion of the radiation as heat and output a usable wavelength of radiation for a chemical process analogous to photosynthesis where it would introduce oxygen into my ecosystem?If not, then (assuming any necessary nutirent/molecule needed is naturally present) is there any theoretical chemical process for these organisms using radiosynthesis? 
Artificial satellite in a Binary Star System Is it possible for an artificial satellite (in this case, an unmanned communications platform) to maintain a stable orbit directly around the barycenter of a Binary Star system, as in well inside the orbital paths of the two stars themselves?
Steam Powered Door I'm no engineer, but I was wondering how a steam-powered door would work. I want it to be difficult to open unless you know how (not a simple \"twist the doorknob and open\"). There is access to plenty of water and fire in this scenario as well. 
Earth under one roof: Feasible? Okay, so how feasible is it- if even possible- to put the Earth under 'one roof'?So here is the premise. The world is heavily heavily over populated, so overpopulated in fact that almost all of the land has been covered in infrastructure. However, instead of visualising this as a huge mega city, imagine it more as... an apartment complex, or a mall. Imagine if Earth was a giant mass of slightly crowded apartments, houses, indoor parks with glass roofs, conveyor-belt like roads, with no real free sky access (As everywhere you go there are stories and stories of shops, markets, cinemas etc above you. Even at the very top, there is only limited access to the open-sky) Woodlands and Natural features such as lakes, and rivers have direct sky access, with a sort of wall/perimeter of infrastructure, and are still being desperately protected by organisations.How realistic would this be?Edit: keeping in mind that colonising/resource gathering on other planets are possible.
Co-orbits and Tides I've seen many questions about tides and tidal variations on a wide variety of interesting single star, multi star, single planet, binary planet, single moon, multiple moon, and even ring system combinations and variations.  I've also seen many questions about co-orbits including trojan, Lagrangian, horseshoe, and more exotic orbits.  But I was not able to find one about the tidal effects of horseshoe orbits, so here it is:  What would tides be like on an Earthlike planet with a horseshoe orbital partner body?  For simplicity, let's just assume that it's actually Earth, and that the object in the horseshoe orbit with Earth is the Moon, with no other changes to them other than the new orbital configuration.  Also, assume that the Moon's closest approach in this new orbit is the same as it's closest approach in it's current, actual, real life orbit. EDIT  An explanation of how often the Moon would approach Earth, to cause these tides to take effect, isn't necessary but would be interesting if you feel so inclined to include it.  For this question, the minimum information is just: a description of how the tide coming in and going out for each approach of the Moon in this new configuration would be effectively different from how current tides come in and go out for an average tide cycle in real life.  Things like how long does it take to come in, how long does it stay at high tide, how long to go back out to low tide, is high tide in this new configuration higher, lower or the same height as a real tide, etc.  EDIT 2  I'd guess that spring and neap tides would not be a thing, as I understand those to be when the moon is in line with, or opposite (respectively), the sun to either combine or counteract (respectively) each others' tidal effects, and this orbit would never cause them to line up.  But I could be mistaken in my assumption.  
Maximum realistic salinity level with thriving aquatic environment? I'm trying to create a planet which environment is not immediately lethal to humans, (reasonable oxygen level) however after closer inspection turns out not to be specially Earth-like.One issues is its hydrosphere. Over 90% of planet surface is water (or ice). It's rather cold tidally locked planet, so to have a reasonable excuse why the water is still liquid, I'd prefer to beef up salinity.Which is acceptable salinity level in which carbon based life as we know it could realistically thrive? By thrive I don't mean local equivalent of toughest archaea and tiny brine shrimps, but existence of bigger organisms, which weight exceeds at least kilogram)
Ships as survival world (post-apocalyptic world) In a post-apocalyptic world where the surviving people are forced off the land onto the water in ships, how would this work?  How long can a large set of people survive on a set of boats without support from land? Could large floating colonies be built (that would easily separate in the event of a storm or attack)? What would be the greatest danger to this colony?Edit: The boats/ships will vary in technology and crowding. Technology will be whatever can be carried off the land. There will be some haste, but some will have been prepared. Some will have even possibly known ahead of time what was about to happen. The people are mostly sane with a mix of crazies and deranged. Some will go crazy over time as resources decline. One more thought. Some people (very few) remain on the mostly unlivable land. The question is, are they better off or not?For the sake of discussion, the catastrophe that devastated the land killed most living things over a 3 to 6 month span. Small pockets of vegetation, humans and animals survived. It did not spread completely into the oceans, but did have some effect there.  
Why keep a prison for superhumans near/inside a city? In fact, why keep a prison for even normal humans in a city at all?Where are the benefits that offset the obvious drawbacks? From my limited knowledge on the subject, you would prefer to have a large internment center, in a remote area, preferably hard to reach and get into. It would act as a natural deterrent for escaping (what's the point of getting out if you die in the desert/zero dimension?). In case of evasion, it's easier to look for someone in empty areas rather than fully crowded urban centers.In my settings, post Third World War, mutants make up for less than 1 out of 1000 people, with abilities ranging from a slightly better sense of smell to full-lightning speed, with a few handicapped-by-their-mutations people (I have the super-ability to survive without skeletal structure. Good for me, cause I don't have any bone.).Like in every civilization I'm aware of, some people abuse their capacities and use them for illegal activities. Now, while a standard prison cell can hold most people, it presents little to no challenge to Mr-Big-Fists who smashes cars for breakfast. Thus, a top-security prison exists for those individuals, with specially designed cells for each long-term resident.However, building such a cell takes time, and is not cost-efficient if the person is to be detained for a short amount of time. The soon-to-be-transferred and the short duration jail-time are thus detained near the capital, where most benevolent mutants/super-hero operates, as to be able to contain them. (Shifts of super-watch, back-up close at hand and the like.)While I have figured those plausible reasons, what are the other that could apply in the real world and in this context?
How can a planet full of zombies reproduce and maintain its population? How can we have a world that is inhabited only by zombies and yet continues to be populated? For the purposes of this question, I envisage the type of zombie that has been infected by a virus, is clinically dead, yet still able to move around, is compelled to seek out non-infected living people, and is gradually rotting away.Notes: If the head is completely separated from the body then they are no longer active. They require at least some remnant of muscle tissue to move around. Once all the flesh has rotted off they are simply inanimate skeletons.Zombies can be considered to retain a degree of intelligence (perhaps half their original IQ) but are driven by a lust for fresh human flesh even though there is no longer any available.QuestionHow can I explain a planet completely populated by the above type of zombie for thousands of years where all normal people died out long ago. (There are no pockets of 'normals' anywhere on the planet whether in captivity or otherwise).There is no magic in this world.
Need a specific event that wrecks the surface, allows the race to survive in bunkers, and affords an aftermath suitable for them to rebuild One rule: it cannot be caused by aliens or AI invading the planet. But it is okay if an alien race causes the destruction in any other way.It's an Earth-like planet. I need the effects of the destructive event to be continuous there-after, i.e massive storms and natural disasters for years to come that threaten the small population that survived in bunkers. I want the majority surface to get wrecked. I need all things that are required to rebuild a civilization to survive, i.e, an atmosphere, because I need characters to come up from the bunker and be able to live. I don't want them to be comfortable. Their lives are to be miserable. The planet should look like a hell-scape afterwards and they should desire finding a new home.Hope you don't consider this a duplicate question because I feel my question is more nuanced than any others on this site. Edit #1This human race is quite advanced. They'd have technology to redirect asteroids, comets, etc. Unless an alien race were to guide some into the planet. The event also needs to be fast acting. So global warming is out of the question
How to keep the anonymity of people attending a regular event taking place at the same location everytime? In my setting, a handful of characters have to attend a daily event (such as classes). They do so anonymously, as attending this event could endanger their civilian life if the wrong people were to discover their identities.Continuing with the example of classes, this event happens always at the same place, at the same time. On site, people are masked and use names different from their own. The location is adequately secured; the risk of intrusion is low. Thus, during the event, their identity is mostly safe.However, following one attendee before or after said event could lead someone to this person's home, endangering their anonymity.How could a group of people conceal their daily trip to a location with a predictable starting and ending time?The technological level is roughly the same as our own (near future).These people aren't criminal (though it could be a case where this question applies).People interested in their identities would work alone or in a small group, no larger than the attendees.People tracking the attendees can't do it openly, as it would ruin the value of the information.Attendees live in a big city, and their method of transportation is up to the answerer (public or private transports).Facilities for the event may include specifically designed installations (such as mazes, secret doors/access).Event hosts have access to moderately-sized human resources to ensure anonymity.
In a world without science, what would cause society to widely lose belief in the fundamentals of its religion? Here's the intended situation:There's a religion based on the premise that the priests are protecting the general public from evil magic. Use of magic is taboo.  What they call magic is actually leftover technological artifacts \u2014 mostly weapons \u2014 from an ancient, very advanced period.  Now magic is extremely rare and the majority of people have never experienced it in their lifetimes. This has lead to the majority of people no longer believing that magic actually exists.Now the problem is, why would people stop believing (but without actually leaving the religion entirely)? In our world, it's usually science which causes people to lose belief in religious dogmas (and while some lose faith altogether, others simply adapt their belief system to fit what they know from science). But in that society, there is no science whatsoever; they are essentially back to medieval thinking, and in medieval times, lack of evidence certainly didn't make people disbelieve.So my question is: Is there a way to make this setting believable?Edit: I do not want the religion to be replaced by another one. I want the religion to be dominant, and in particular the values of the society to be based on that religion. I just want the majority of followers no longer to believe in the basic claim that there's magic and that the priests protect them from that magic.Also, by \u201cscience\u201d I basically mean the scientific method (and in particular, the way of thinking that comes with it).
Thermite for metallurgy? As we all know, a majority of the Martian soil is composed of ferric oxide ($Fe_2O_3$), which is also coincidentally the formula for hematite, one of the most common ores of iron.I think (personally) that it is a fact beyond doubt that iron is absolutely necessary to sustain a civilization anywhere, even on Mars. However, the problem is that most modern metallurgical processes regarding iron require the presence of atmospheric oxygen (ala blast furnaces) or prohibitive amounts of electricity (electric arc furnaces). Both of these are, for obvious reasons, difficult to obtain on Mars. Additionally, they both require carbon, again difficult to obtain on the Red Planet.Now, enter thermite. Aluminum is a powerful reducing agent, and is used on Earth often to reduce $Fe_2O_3$ to molten iron. So, my question is: what if we carry aluminum to Mars and then create a thermite mixture with the soil there, which can then be ignited electrically to produce iron (this requires much less power than an EAF). Thermite can burn in oxygen-less environments, and the aluminum can be reused by electrolyzing the aluminum oxide produced. Additionally, aluminum is a lighter element than iron, and thus can be carried in larger quantities by spaceships.Is this the best method, or is there something less convoluted and more effective? I am also open to alternatives to iron. 
How can I keep an area next to a mountain range from being a desert? My world has a continent in the northern hemisphere that lies primarily in the Ferrel cell where the westerly winds are. The continent is fairly large, just a tad bit smaller then than North America. On the East coast there is a mountain range running from the top to the bottom of the continent, it's biggish. Tall enough to have snow, but not ridiculously massive.My problem is I want to have a region further east of these mountains, between them and the sea, that has a climate similar to that of Baltimore or just the general area of the East Coast United States. However I am unsure as to how this would be possible given the geography of this continent.So, how can I make this possible? Or is it completely impossible?
Laser Induced Plasma Channel Inspired Gun The idea is for a gun that was manufactured by revolting mining colonists from existing mining lasers, as such a weapon would be easily procured from their own resources. The weapon itself would be similar to the LIPC weaponry being developed today, but it will be handheld (due to technology, science magic, or handwavium). The question I have is, in contrast to a regular laser rifle, would it still be effective in adverse atmospheric conditions, say, an ice planet or desert planet with light diffusing storms? What about a ship mounted weapon for space combat? If it is not theoretically practical to handle such a weapon today, assuming that the setting is in the far future with extreme technological advancements what would be a good workaround for such a disadvantage?
Hippotragine Antelopes: A Suitable Alternative For Actual Horses? The hippotragines are a small subfamily of antelopes that bear physical resemblance to horses.  There are three separate genera--Hippotragus, Oryx and Addax.  As grazers, rather than browsers, the \"Hippo\" in Hippotraginae refers to the slightly horse-like characteristics of body size and proportions: long legs and a solid body with a relatively thick muscular neck. What's more, they are built for environmental extremes and live lives that might be suitable for domestication:The Arabian Oryx, as the name suggests, lives in the hostile deserts of the Arabian Peninsula, and it lives in mixed-sex herds of 2-15 (though herds numbering 100 have been reported.)  The Scimitar Oryx can go for a long time without water and can even thrive in temperatures too high for most other mammals, hence their natural location in the Sahara Desert.  The Gemsbok lives in herds of 10-40, led by one dominant male alongside a few other subordinate males.The Addax gets all the moisture it needs from the plants it eats and, like the Arabian Oryx, lives in mixed-sex herds.So the question is, can any of the listed species be suitable alternatives for horses in the art of domesticating for the sake of cavalry?  Or do they have personalities that would make domestication not worth the effort?
How close could a planet get to a super massive black hole before being destroyed I wanted to create a scene where two god-like characters are talking or fighting on a planet or fragment of planet to which they've teleported that's about to be obliterated by a black hole.The characters are effectively gods so heat and gravity won't affect them too much. I wanted the black hole and stars being engulfed to fill the sky.At what distance could a planet still have some surface to stand on as it orbits the black hole before turning completely into dust?  
Life in permanent shadow I've been experimenting with a fantasy world that is flat, with the sun fixed in place over the centre. The day-night cycle is provided by the sun dimming and then brightening again. Most of the rest of things are assumed to be 'as on Earth'.The lack of sun motion, though, creates an environment that doesn't exist on Earth\u2014large areas in permanent shadow, due to being behind hills and mountains. These places receive no direct sunlight\u2014their main source of light is atmospheric glow\u2014but they do receive a fair amount of light, and do experience a day-night cycle.How would (macroscopic) life - plants especially, but other organisms as well - adapt to an environment like this?
How could a time traveler have prevented climate change Let's say a Moon colonist in the future has discovered an alien time machine. A small remnant of humanity still exists on colony worlds in the solar system, but due to runaway climate change, they are extinct on Earth. What event or events would the time traveler have to change in the past in order to make sure climate change as we understand it today never happens? Oh, the time traveler would go back in time on the Moon and has a shuttle that would get him to Earth in that past period.EDIT (2-14-2019): It's clear that the basic premise of my question is flawed, since there is not one event or small number of events that, if changed, would alter the impending climate change as we understand it. Not only that, but it seems that opinion vary widely on exactly how damaging climate change will become, even if not significantly curtailed. That said, the information here could fuel quite a number of different tales, so thank you all for your input (and you don't have to stop now).
How could a time traveler have prevented climate change Let's say a Moon colonist in the future has discovered an alien time machine. A small remnant of humanity still exists on colony worlds in the solar system, but due to runaway climate change, they are extinct on Earth. What event or events would the time traveler have to change in the past in order to make sure climate change as we understand it today never happens? Oh, the time traveler would go back in time on the Moon and has a shuttle that would get him to Earth in that past period.EDIT (2-14-2019): It's clear that the basic premise of my question is flawed, since there is not one event or small number of events that, if changed, would alter the impending climate change as we understand it. Not only that, but it seems that opinion vary widely on exactly how damaging climate change will become, even if not significantly curtailed. That said, the information here could fuel quite a number of different tales, so thank you all for your input (and you don't have to stop now).
I'm trying to create a planet with a purple sky, human life on planet not necessary I think that it could be possible with a red sun, and either massive oceans containing algae or a surface covered with active volcanoes. What would my atmosphere be made of, and what color would those oceans/volcanoes appear? Although humans don't need to exist on this planet, they could theoretically discover it and explore.Edit: I know that there is a lot more to color than what the atmosphere is made of. I was wondering more what sort of atmosphere would support either the ocean or volcano theory.
Water planet turns into desert world without being rendered uninhabitable A habitable (human could survive in its atmosphere without suits) desert planet which used to have large oceans is quite common in ScFi. I was thinking about the processes which could have been responsible for the loss of water.I want to leave biological processes\u2014like sandworms from Dune, out. Likewise, I'm aware of technological solutions, like orbital rings, but I want something natural. Also, water swallowing holes in the ground don't work out either and I want real water loss, not just deeper oceans and more land. So I came up with with 3 ways how a planet might lose a significant portion of its surface water. For all discussions, I want to use an earth twin (0.02% by mass surface water) as reference, unless mass or orbital parameters need to be altered to make something happen. The definition for desert planet I'm gonna go by is less than 10% surface coverage by water. Atmospheric stripping and subsequent ocean loss, like it happened on Mars. But this destroys the atmosphere and further outgassing would bring up water again. Stripping via impacts. To achieve this, we need to hit the planet with a rock (which has at least the mass of the oceans) at escape velocity. Due to several rather obvious issues the true figure is going to be several orders of magnitude higher. Also, I aim to create a habitable desert world and not a lava planet/asteroid belt. Break up the water bonds with strong radiation (from the star or an nearby event). But aren't the odds of survival on that world terrible during such an event? Furthermore I am aware that unicellular organisms deep within the crust could survive all of those events, but I want my survivors to be macroscopic and multicellular.So how does such a transition happen in the least destructive way? 
How hot is my dragon? Little side project on fantasy story with dragons (or wyverns to be exact, but they're equivalent for the purpose).I have dragons roaming the country side, laying waste and ruin in their wake. As most known draconids, those creatures are able to breath fire to devastating effect. They breathe in massive amounts of air in their dragon lungs (this will be important later) and then expel it while their throats ooze a substance that catches fire when exposed to air. Now, this amazing hunting and defense mechanism has a big drawback, as it creates a lot of heat the dragon has to get rid of. So much heat, in fact, the dragon radiates it, and nearby vegetation tends to catch fire, making it really dangerous to fight one in a forest.Wandering on the stack, I found some great unrelated answers, mentioning interesting ways to do what is stated above. What I've come to is an alternative breathing system. Most of the time, a dragon breathes in and out through mouth and nose alone. When it has to breathe fire, it fills its lungs through the biggest air opening it has, namely the mouth, block, then exhale. During exhalation, cooling \"vents\" open, that are direct pipes to the lungs. They help chase the air and reduce the heat build-up. Next inspiration, the dragon now takes an even deeper inhalation, and simultaneously chase air through the vents, creating hyper-heated jets of air, biologically jettisoning air to cool down.(For a visual representation, take a look at the fire drakes from Warcraft. Shorter and stubbier than full dragons, with rows of larges scales from head to end of the tail, with spikes protruding from said rows. For this question, the spikes are hollow, and are tubes used as cooling vent.)Now my question is how hot those air jets have to be for surrounding vegetation to reach autoignition temperature?We're in common \"Western-European\" medieval forest, not Australia, so the average tree is not eucalyptus. More the vegetation you expect in north of France, Germany and South of Great Britain. I don't need the whole vegetation to catch fire on the spot, but the leaves with lower than average autoignition temperature in the area have to. Consequence being fires starting spontaneously around the dragon. I suppose the answer differs a lot depending of the humidity around. The forest has to catch fire only during dry periods of summer, with at least a week without rain.Handwave everything happening \"inside\" the dragon, even if it should cook itself, it is able to withstand the temperature the time it needs to cool down.The cooling process takes the time the dragon empties its massive lungs, so the air venting lasts in average 7-8 seconds depending on the size of the dragon.The dragon will expel around 150 L of air during the cooling process.I'm asking to know what else would catch fire and picture what it would looks like from an external point of view to describe it. Wikipedia has an article about auto-ignition, with the equation and some examples, but I have been unable to locate any data regarding trees and leaves (from the concerned regions) autoignition temperature and lack the theoretical knowledge to deduce the answer.
Is this humanoid dragon realistic the way I\u2019ve imagined it? In this world I\u2019m dabbling with, the dominant species is a race of six limbed humanoid with two wings on its back slightly below the shoulder blades. They are very slender (\u201cBMI\u201d is between 17 &amp; 18) with the wings having evolved as a pair of secondary limbs.  Finishing them off is a pair of tail planes evolved from the fibula. The wings have what looks like a second pair of Pectoralis major under and behind the usual ones. Their bones are hollow and filled with methane, they also have a methane bladder which they use both for buoyancy and to spew fire. They are primarily predators and have limited flight ability.  Powered flight is limited to a minority of the population who have what\u2019s considered to be genetic defects with surface symptoms similar to asthma and narcolepsy. This \u201cdisease\u201d affects around one in every 1,000 and having it will only slightly increase the chance of your child having it. The wings are bat-like and of the broad soaring variety (like eagles or vultures). The blood is amber coloured from the Coboglobin pumping through their veins. The larger cities are built to encourage updraft for the inhabitants to fly on. The higher levels are more expensive to live in (for obvious reasons) and are generally built near large bodies of water as fish is their primary food source. The rooftops are commonly public spaces which you can glide from to catch one of the very popular steam trains. As powered flight isn\u2019t an option, rail travel is very popular as aircrafts are still in their infancy with the general tech level being that of a 1920-30s Europe. Is this humanoid dragon realistic the way I\u2019ve imagined it?
Could Comets or Meteors be used to Combat Global Warming? The running theory is that if the Earth is hit by a sufficiently large meteor, that the impact would create an ice age from all the dust it would put into the atmosphere.  While this has been historically seen as a bad thing, this has me wondering if people might one day want to intentionally steer a large asteroid or comet at the Earth as a way to combat global warming.Could such an impact permanently (or semi-permanently) reverse global warming without causing so much secondary environmental damage that it would make the outcome worse than letting global warming take its course?
How would a coma-like death system work on an alien world? I'm creating a hardcore survival and simulation game on an alien planet. Plants and diseases evolve, adapt and change the environment, and you set up buildings, breed plants and create machines to help survive in a volatile ecosystem. This being a harsh game, I wanted to make death really matter, but at the same time I didn't want permadeath wiping out everything you did. So the idea is that, when you die, the simulation continues for hundreds of years, but you are asleep. You wake up and are in the ruins of your old world. The ecosystem has changed, your machines and builds have eroded and you have to pick up the scraps. This could be beneficial, say, if the player has messed up the ecosystem, polluted the atmosphere or released radiation to such a degree that they can't deal with it, you could seal supplies in time canisters, commit suicide and \"wait it out\"My question is: what would be a convincing way to portray how this death system works? In other words, what planetary rules and systems would allow this to happen?Requirements:This can happen an unlimited number of timesThere is no overarching story-line to tie it into, so it must stand up on its ownIt must relate to the rest of the alien planet (so it must be plausible given the other parts, not just be a random thing that happens)EDIT: This species will be a crash landed human, although you could have the human being changed and mutated by the planetBy \"convincing\I mean it makes sense within the context of the world - lots of death systems you just respawn, breaking the rules, and only a few games (like Undertale) make this an accepted part of the world rather than just something that makes no sense in the game world.EDIT 2: I'm looking for the more science-oriented side of things - what would be the biology etc. that would allow  such a death system to workEDIT 3 (sorry): This is a plant-focused game, so the amount of gear and machinery you are given should be limited. Ideally the revive is involved in the biology of the planet, rather than something on your ship - you are basically \"going it alone\"
How to erase the cultural memory of post-apocalypse survivors I'm writing a story that takes place after the decimation of almost all of humanity, and follows a group of survivors who, some time in the future, have formed new societies. Let's say the apocalyptic events occurred around 2100 and now we are at around 2250.I don't want the survivors, or their great-grandkids who are now alive in 2250, to know exactly what originally happened to the old Earth. I think it would be cool to have each new society have different beliefs about what happened, based on existing artifacts, old wives tales, etc.What would be an interesting way to do this? I was thinking that, if part of the initial apocalypse was a global virus, it could have some effect on the memory of survivors; but I feel like the whole memory loss thing is a bit tired. I also thought maybe a virus could affect only people over a certain age - say early teens - and so the survivors really just don't know or remember what happened? Has that been used before, I feel like I might have read it somewhere.Please note I'm assuming no more access to computers/internet. There might be some access to old books, which help survivors to learn, but there wouldn't be any books about what happened in the apocalypse.
I have two cellphones that are exactly the same, SIM card and all, and I make a call on one of them. What happens? Say I had a cellphone, let's call it cellphone A, and made a perfect copy of it - SIM card and all - and let's call this one cellphone B.If I were to call someone on cellphone A, what exactly would happen to both cellphone A and B?This stems from a short film I'm planning where a character goes back in time with his smartphone, and his younger self - that is now in the same time as him - makes a phone call.EDIT: This takes place in modern-day Australia, specifically Victoria. Also, the call from cellphone A is to emergency services.
Would Small Mecha be well-suited for Underground Warfare? Assume a subterranean civilization exists with technology roughly on par with the modern era. With changes due to lack of certain environmental factors being likely due to the vastly different environment. Assuming tunnels can be bored through the earth creating new routes to fit for instance trains and while keeping in mind limitations due to space.My reasoning is that in a subterranean environment infantry would be the easiest unit to move around in tunnels and caves. Able to negotiate narrow passages, inclines,small drops,cross rivers,move along ledges,climb and still use available cover. Mecha/power armour small enough would be able to do many of those functions and augment troop power as force multipliers. Where a tank could not fit a small mecha or power armoured unit could quite easily. Not to say a tank of sorts could not be achieved with armoured carts on train tracks that also have treads in larger tunnels and caverns used as main thoroughfare.However a squad of power armour units is much cheaper than said tank and can go where they cannot. As could smaller mecha units,not being limited to main tunnels but also able to go along side routes too narrow for them.So my question is: would small mecha/power armour (small being 7-9ft tall being the norm; 12 ft tall being the max) be ideal for fighting in underground conditions?
Areas with high energy on an Earthlike world In an earth-like world, what can I provide as examples of areas where high energy is generated naturally?I'm looking for sources of energy other than heat, for e.g, volcanoes and geothermic vents.
What drive/engine would allow Medrunners to make it to Venus from Oberon in one to two weeks Medrunner Lao Dorn and his team have been given a mission. A young woman has contracted some sort of parasite that is slowly eating away at her vital organs. The doctors on Oberon are unable to do much to help her and have decided to put her into cryosleep to delay the parasite. They have contact a medrunner to ship her to a place where the doctors would know how to treat a case like this: Venus.Due to the nature of cryosleep (in universe), emergency freezing is dangerous and at times fatal if patients are kept frozen for more then a few weeks at the most (even then, it's risky). Because of this, Lao only has a few weeks to make it to Venus before risking the death of his patient.What kind of propulsion device would allow Lao's craft to reach Venus from Oberon in approximately 1-2 weeks real time (not Lao's possibly dilated time)?Note: Fusion power is availableMedrunners are publicly funded so expense isn't an issue unless it's ridiculousOberon is one of the major moons of UranusThe distance between Oberon and Venus would be approximately 18.5 AU
160 Year Solar Orbital Period & 1.9 Year Moon Orbital Period - Is it possible? A defining factor of my world is the hardships inhabitants have to face when surviving long seasons. Due to the extreme length of a year, time is largely measured by moon cycles. I need to make sure though that the solar/luna cycles are a) Generally possible, and b) able to sustain life.Here is the general premise of my solar/luna cycle:The Planet's sun is many times larger than the Earth's sun (no exact size determined yet)The Planet takes 120* Earth-Years to orbitThe Planet is ~1.5x the size of the Earth, and ~1.5x the mass.The Planet has an axial tilt, giving it Summers &amp; Winters (and Spring &amp; Autumn)The Moon takes 1.9 Earth-Years to orbit the PlanetThe Moon is visible in the Planet's sky, similar in size to Earth's Moon (or even appearing slightly bigger)So my questions are:Is it possible to have a habitable planet that takes 160 Earth-Years to orbit the sun if the sun is sufficiently large enough, and the planet's orbital distance is sufficiently far away?Is it possible to have a moon that takes 1.9 Earth-Years to orbit a planet, and if so: how big would the moon have to be for it to be visible in the sky (as described above) when considering the (yet-uncalculated) distance its orbit would have to be for it to take 1.9 Earth-Years?Any help would be greatly appreciated, even if it's pointing me in the direction of tools and resources that could help me calculate this by myself.EDIT: I made a mistake in my original post. The length of the planet's orbit is 120 Earth-Years, not 160.I've also changed it so that the moon's cycle is now only ~48.8 Earth Days. I imagine this is a lot more realistic. Thanks for all your replies so far!